UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021
 or
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission
File NumberName of Registrant; State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Address of Principal
Executive Offices; and T elephone NumberIRS Employer
Identification Number
001-16169 EXELON CORPORA TION 23-2990190
(a Pennsylvania corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
P.O. Box 805379
Chicago, Illinois 60680-5379
(800) 483-3220
001-01839 COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY 36-0938600
(an Illinois corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
49 Floor
Chicago, Illinois 60603-2300
(312) 394-4321
000-16844 PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY 23-0970240
(a Pennsylvania corporation)
P.O. Box 8699
2301 Market Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101-8699
(215) 841-4000
001-01910 BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY 52-0280210
(a Maryland corporation)
2 Center Plaza
110 West Fayette Street
Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3708
(410) 234-5000
001-31403 PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC 52-2297449
(a Delaware limited liability company)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068-0001
(202) 872-2000
001-01072 POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY 53-0127880
(a District of Columbia and Virginia corporation)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068-0001
(202) 872-2000
001-01405 DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY 51-0084283
(a Delaware and Virginia corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702-5440
(202) 872-2000
001-03559 ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY 21-0398280
(a New Jersey corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702-5440
(202) 872-2000th
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
EXELON CORPORATION:
Common Stock, without par value EXC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
PECO ENERGY COMPANY:
Trust Receipts of PECO Energy Capital Trust III, each
representing a 7.38% Cumulative Preferred Security, Series
D, $25 stated value, issued by PECO Energy Capital, L.P. and
unconditionally guaranteed by PECO Energy CompanyEXC/28 New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of Each Class
COMMONWEALTH EDISON COMPANY:
Common Stock Purchase Warrants (1971 Warrants and Series B Warrants)
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Exelon Corporation Yesx No ☐
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Exelon Corporation Yes ☐ Nox
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ý    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files).    Yes  ý    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or
an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth
company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Exelon Corporation
Large Accelerated Filer x Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer ☐Smaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Commonwealth
Edison Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
PECO Energy
Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Pepco Holdings LLC
Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Potomac Electric
Power Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Delmarva Power &
Light Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Atlantic City Electric
Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. x
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐  No  x
The estimated aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of each registrant as of June 30, 2021 was
as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value $43,290,833,498
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value No established market
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value None
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, without par value None
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company None
Delmarva Power & Light Company None
Atlantic City Electric Company None
The number of shares outstanding of each registrant’s common stock as of January 31, 2022 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value 980,136,968 
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value 127,021,391 
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value 170,478,507 
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Common Stock, without par value 1,000 
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company Common Stock, $0.01 par value 100 
Delmarva Power & Light Company Common Stock, $2.25 par value 1,000 
Atlantic City Electric Company Common Stock, $3.00 par value 8,546,017 
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Commonwealth Edison Company 2021 Information
Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III.
PECO Energy Company, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company, Delmarva Power & Light
Company, and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and are therefore filing
this Form in the reduced disclosure format.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Page No.
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS 1
FILING FORMA T 6
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION 6
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION 6
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS 7
General 7
Constellation Energy Generation, LLC 8
Utility Operations 15
Exelon's Strategy and Outlook 18
Employees 19
Environmental Matters and Regulation 21
Executive Of ficers of the Registrants 25
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS 29
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS 40
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 41
Constellation Energy Generation, LLC 41
The Utility Registrants 44
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS 45
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES 46
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS, AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES 47
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL  DATA 51
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS 52
Exelon Corporation 52
Executive Overview 52
Financial Results of Operations 53
Significant 2021 Transactions and Recent Developments 56
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies 60
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 61
Results of Operations 72
Commonwealth Edison Company 72
PECO Energy Company 75
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 79
Pepco Holdings LLC 82
Potomac Electric Power Company 83
Delmarva Power & Light Company 86
Atlantic City Electric Company 90
Constellation Energy Generation, LLC 93
Liquidity and Capital Resources 101
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 119
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA 126
Exelon Corporation 151
 Page No.
Commonwealth Edison Company 156
PECO Energy Company 161
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 166
Pepco Holdings LLC 171
Potomac Electric Power Company 176
Delmarva Power & Light Company 181
Atlantic City Electric Company 186
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 191
1. Significant Accounting Policies 191
2. Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions 200
3. Regulatory Matters 202
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 221
5. Segment Information 225
6. Accounts Receivable 236
7. Early Plant Retirements 240
8. Property , Plant, and Equipment 243
9. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant 245
10. Asset Retirement Obligations 246
11. Leases 250
12. Asset Impairments 255
13. Intangible Assets 255
14. Income Taxes 258
15. Retirement Benefits 264
16. Derivative Financial Instruments 276
17. Debt and Credit Agreements 281
18. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities 291
19. Commitments and Contingencies 305
20. Shareholders' Equity 316
21. Stock-Based Compensation Plans 317
22. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 320
23. V ariable Interest Entities 321
24. Supplemental Financial Information 326
25. Related Party Transactions 333
26. Separation 335
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE 336
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 336
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION 337
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THA T PREVENT INSPECTIONS 337
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE 338
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION 339
ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF CERT AIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS 340
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE 341
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES 342
 Page No.
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES 343
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMAR Y 383
SIGNA TURES 384
Exelon Corporation 384
Commonwealth Edison Company 385
PECO Energy Company 386
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 387
Pepco Holdings LLC 388
Potomac Electric Power Company 389
Delmarva Power & Light Company 390
Atlantic City Electric Company 391
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Exelon Corporation and Related Entities
Exelon Exelon Corporation
Generation Constellation Energy Generation, LLC (formerly Exelon Generation Company ,
LLC, a subsidiary of Exelon as of December 31, 2021 prior to separation on
February 1, 2022)
ComEd Commonwealth Edison Company
PECO PECO Energy Company
BGE Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Pepco Holdings or PHI   Pepco Holdings LLC (formerly Pepco Holdings, Inc.)
Pepco   Potomac Electric Power Company
DPL   Delmarva Power & Light Company
ACE   Atlantic City Electric Company
Registrants Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, collectively
Utility Registrants ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, collectively
Legacy PHI PHI, Pepco, DPL, ACE, PES, and PCI, collectively
ACE Funding or ATF   Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
Antelope V alley Antelope V alley Solar Ranch One
BondCo RSB BondCo LLC
BSC Exelon Business Services Company , LLC
CENG Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC
Constellation Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
CR Constellation Renewables, LLC (formerly ExGen Renewables IV , LLC)
CRP Constellation Renewables Partners, LLC (formerly ExGen Renewables Partners,
LLC)
EEDC Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC
Exelon Corporate Exelon in its corporate capacity as a holding company
Exelon T ransmission Company Exelon Transmission Company , LLC
FitzPatrick James A. FitzPatrick nuclear generating station
Ginna R. E. Ginna nuclear generating station
NER NewEnergy Receivables LLC
PCI   Potomac Capital Investment Corporation and its subsidiaries
PEC L.P . PECO Energy Capital, L.P .
PECO T rust III PECO Energy Capital Trust III
PECO T rust IV PECO Energy Capital Trust IV
Pepco Energy Services or PES   Pepco Energy Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries
PHI Corporate PHI in its corporate capacity as a holding company
PHISCO PHI Service Company
RPG Renewable Power Generation, LLC
SolGen SolGen, LLC
TMI Three Mile Island nuclear facility
UII Unicom Investments, Inc.
1
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
ABO Accumulated Benefit Obligation
AEC Alternative Energy Credit that is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified alternative energy source
AESO Alberta Electric Systems Operator
AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction
AMI Advanced Metering Infrastructure
AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
ARC Asset Retirement Cost
ARO Asset Retirement Obligation
ARP Alternative Revenue Program
ASA Asset Sale Agreement
BGS   Basic Generation Service
Brookfield Renewable Brookfield Renewable Partners, L.P .
BSA Bill Stabilization Adjustment
CAISO California ISO
CBAs Collective Bargaining Agreements
CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended
Clean Air Act Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended
Clean W ater Act Federal W ater Pollution Control Amendments of 1972, as amended
CMC Carbon Mitigation Credit
CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker
Conectiv   Conectiv , LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI and the parent of DPL  and ACE
during the Predecessor periods
DC PLUG District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative
DCPSC   District of Columbia Public Service Commission
DEPSC Delaware Public Service Commission
DOE United States Department of Energy
DOEE Department of Energy & Environment
DOJ United States Department of Justice
DPP Deferred Purchase Price
DSP Default Service Provider
EDF Electricite de France SA  and its subsidiaries
EIMA Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act (Illinois Senate Bill 1652 and Illinois
House Bill 3036)
EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency
ERCOT Electric Reliability Council of Texas
ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
EROA Expected Rate of Return on Assets
ERP Enterprise Resource Program
FEJA Illinois Public Act 99-0906 or Future Energy Jobs Act
FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
FRCC Florida Reliability Coordinating Council
FRR Fixed Resource Requirement
GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States
GCR   Gas Cost Rate
GHG Greenhouse Gas
GSA Generation Supply Adjustment
2
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
GWh Gigawatt hour
ICC Illinois Commerce Commission
ICE Intercontinental Exchange
IIP Infrastructure Investment Program
Illinois Settlement Legislation Legislation enacted in 2007 af fecting electric utilities in Illinois
IPA Illinois Power Agency
IRC Internal Revenue Code
IRS Internal Revenue Service
ISO Independent System Operator
ISO-NE ISO New England Inc.
NYISO New York ISO
kV Kilovolt
kWh Kilowatt-hour
LIBOR London Interbank Of fered Rate
LLRW Low-Level Radioactive W aste
LNG Liquefied Natural Gas
LTIP Long-T erm Incentive Plan
LTRRPP Long-T erm Renewable Resources Procurement Plan
MDE Maryland Department of the Environment
MDPSC Maryland Public Service Commission
MGP Manufactured Gas Plant
MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator , Inc.
mmcf Million Cubic Feet
MOPR Minimum Of fer Price Rule
MPSC Missouri Public Service Commission
MRV Market-Related V alue
MW Megawatt
MWh Megawatt hour
N/A Not applicable
NAV Net Asset V alue
NDT Nuclear Decommissioning Trust
NEIL Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited
NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation
NGX Natural Gas Exchange
NJBPU   New Jersey Board of Public Utilities
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are not subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
NOSA Nuclear Operating Services Agreement
NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
NPNS Normal Purchase Normal Sale scope exception
NRC Nuclear Regulatory Commission
NWP A Nuclear W aste Policy Act of 1982
NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange
NYPSC New York Public Service Commission
OCEP Oyster Creek Environmental Protection, LLC
OCI Other Comprehensive Income
3
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
OIESO Ontario Independent Electricity System Operator
OPEB Other Postretirement Employee Benefits
PA DEP Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
PAPUC Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
PCB Polychlorinated Biphenyl
PGC Purchased Gas Cost Clause
PG&E Pacific Gas and Electric Company
PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC
POLR Provider of Last Resort
PPA Power Purchase Agreement
PP&E Property , Plant, and Equipment
Price-Anderson Act Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act of 1957
PRP Potentially Responsible Parties
PSEG Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
PUCT Public Utility Commission of Texas
PV Photovoltaic
RCRA Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended
REC Renewable Energy Credit which is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified renewable energy source
Regulatory Agreement Units Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
RES Retail Electric Suppliers
RFP Request for Proposal
Rider Reconcilable Surcharge Recovery Mechanism
RGGI Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative
RMC Risk Management Committee
RNF Revenue Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense
ROE   Return on equity
ROU Right-of-use
RPS Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards
RTEP Regional Transmission Expansion Plan
RTO Regional Transmission Organization
S&P Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services
SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission
SERC SERC Reliability Corporation (formerly Southeast Electric Reliability Council)
SNF Spent Nuclear Fuel
SOA Society of Actuaries
SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate
SOS Standard Of fer Service
SPP Southwest Power Pool
SSA Social Security Administration
STRIDE Maryland Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement Program
TCJA Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
Transition Bond Charge   Revenue ACE receives, and pays to ACE Funding, to fund the principal and
interest payments on Transition Bonds and related taxes, expenses, and fees
4
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
Transition Bonds   Transition Bonds issued by ACE Funding
U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
VIE Variable Interest Entity
WECC Western Electric Coordinating Council
ZEC Zero Emission Credit
ZES Zero Emission Standard
5
Table of Contents
FILING FORMA T
This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is being filed separately by Exelon Corporation, Commonwealth Edison Company ,
PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva
Power & Light Company , and Atlantic City Electric Company (Registrants). Information contained herein relating to any individual
Registrant is filed by such Registrant on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any representati on as to information relating to any
other Registrant.
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION
This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Secu rities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as “could,” “may ,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “will,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,”
“intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “predicts,” and variations on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our
current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performa nce, are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements.
The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statemen ts made by the Registrants include
those factors discussed herein, including those factors discussed with respect to the Registrant s discussed in (a) Part I, ITEM 1A.
Risk Factors, (b) Part II, ITEM 7. Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  and Results of Operations, (c) Part
II, ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, and (d) other factors
discussed in filings with the SEC by the Registrants. Readers are cautioned not to place undu e reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this Report. None of the Registrants undertakes any obligation to publicly release any
revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report.
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION
The SEC maintains an Internet site at www .sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
that the Registrants file electronically with the SEC. These documents are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and the Registrants’  website at www .exeloncorp.com. Information contained on the Registrants’  website shall not
be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Report.
6
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1.  
General
Corporate Structure and Business and Other Information
As of December 31, 2021, Exelon was a utility services holding company engaged in the generation, delivery , and marketing of
energy through Generation and the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE.
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating
excellence. The separation was completed on February 1, 2022 and gives each company the financial and strategic independence
to focus on its specific customer needs, while executing its core business strategy . See Note 26 – Separation of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Name of Registrant / Subsidiary   Business   Service Territories
Commonwealth Edison Company (registrant) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company (registrant) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of
Philadelphia (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPennsylvania counties surrounding the City of
Philadelphia (natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (registrant)Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore
(electricity and natural gas)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC (registrant) Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL, and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Potomac Electric Power Company (registrant)   Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia and Major portions of
Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties, Maryland
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power & Light Company (registrant) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural
gas)
Atlantic City Electric Company (registrant) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Constellation Energy Generation, LLC (formerly
Exelon Generation
Company, LLC) (subsidiary)Generation, physical delivery, and marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its customer-facing business,
Constellation, which sells electricity to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells natural gas, renewable energy, and
other energy-related products and services.Five reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New
York, ERCOT, and Other Power Regions
Business Services
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, human resources, financial, information technology , and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate
7
Table of Contents
operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations unless
otherwise disclosed.
Generation
Generation, one of the largest competitive electric generation companies in the United States as measured by owned and contracted
MW, physically delivers and markets power across multiple geographic regions through its custo mer-facing business, Constellation.
Constellation sells electricity and natural gas, including renewable energy and associated attribu tes, in competitive domestic energy
markets to both wholesa le and retail customers . Generation leverages its generation portfolio to serve customers under both long-
term and short-term contracts, as well as spot market sales. Generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs
integrated and ratable hedging strategies to manage commodity price volatility . Generation's fleet also provides geographic and
supply sourc e diversity . Generation’ s customers include distribution utilities, municipalities, coope ratives, and commercial, industrial,
governmental, and residential customers in competitive markets. Generation’ s customer-facing activities foster development and
delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers.
Generation is a public utility as defined under the Federal Power Act and is subject to FERC’ s exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over
wholesale sales of electr icity and the transmissio n of electricity in interstate commerce. Under the Federal Power Act, FERC has the
authority to grant or deny market-based rates for sales of energy , capacity , and ancillary service s to ensure that such sales are just
and reasonable. FERC’ s jurisdiction over ratem aking includes the authority to suspend the market-based rates of utilities and set
cost-based rates should FERC find that its previous grant of market-based rates authority is no longer just and reasonable. Other
matters subject to FERC jurisdiction include, but are not limited to, third-party financings; review of mergers; dispositions of
jurisdictional facilities and acquisitions of securities of another public utility or an existing operational generating facility; affiliate
transactions; intercompany financings and cash management arrangements; certain internal corporate reorganizations; and certain
holding company acquisitions of public utility and holding company securities.
RTOs and ISOs exist in a number of regions to provide transmission service across multiple transmission systems. FERC has
approved PJM, MISO, ISO-NE, and SPP as RTOs and CAISO and NYISO as ISOs. These entities are responsible for regional
planning, managing transmission congestion, developing wholesale markets for energy and capacity , maintaining reliability , market
monitoring, the scheduling of physical power sales brokered through ICE and NYMEX, and the elimination or reduction of redundant
transmission charges imposed by multiple transmission providers when wholesale customers take transmission service across
several transmission systems. ERCOT  is not subject to regulation by FERC but performs a similar function in Texas to that
performed by R TOs in markets regulated by FERC.
Specific operations of Generation are also subject to the jurisdiction of various other Federal, state, regional, and local agencies,
including the NRC, and Federal and state environmental protection agencies. Additionally , Generation is subject to NERC mandatory
reliability standards, which protect the nation’ s bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security
breaches.
8
Table of Contents
Generating Resources
At December 31, 2021, the generating resources of Generation consisted of the following:
Type of Capacity MW
Owned generation assets
Nuclear 20,899 
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 8,819 
       Renewable 2,682 
Owned generation assets 32,400 
Contracted generation 4,102 
Total generating resources 36,502 
__________
(a)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share. See ITEM 2. PROPERTIES—Generation for additional information.
(b)Includes wind, hydroelectric, and solar generating assets.
(c)Electric supply procured under unit-specific agreements.
Generation has five reportable segments, as described in the table below , representing the different geographical areas in which
Generation’ s owned generating resources are located and Generation's customer-facing activities are conducted.
SegmentNet Generation
Capacity (MW)% of Net Generation
Capacity Geographical Area
Mid-Atlantic 10,508 32 %Eastern half of PJM, which includes New Jersey , Maryland,
Virginia, W est V irginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia, and
parts of Pennsylvania and North Carolina
Midwest 11,898 37 %Western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO,
excluding MISO’ s Southern Region
New York 3,093 10 %NYISO
ERCOT 3,610 11 %Electric Reliability Council of Texas
Other Power Regions 3,291 10 %New England, South, W est, and Canada
Total 32,400 100 %
__________
(a)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share. See ITEM 2. PROPERTIES—Generation for additional information.
Nuclear Facilities
Generation has ownership interests in thirteen  nuclear generating stations currently in service, consisting of 23 units with an
aggregate of 20,899 MW of capacity . These stations exclude TMI located in Middletown, Pennsylvania, which permanently ceased
generation operations on September 20, 2019 and Oyster Creek located in Forked River , New Jersey , which permanently ceased
generation operations on September 17, 2018  and was subsequently sold to Holtec Intern ational (Holtec) on July 1, 2019.
Generation wholly owns all of its nuclear genera ting stations, except for undivided ownership interests in four jointly-owned nuclear
stations: Quad Cities (75% ownership), Peach Bottom (50% ownership), Salem (42.59% ownership), and Nine Mile Point Unit 2
(82% ownership), which are consolidated in Exelon’ s financial statements relative to its proportionate ownership interest in each unit.
Generation had a 50.01% membership interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF, which wholly  owns the Calvert Cliffs and Ginna
nuclear stations and Nine Mile Point Unit 1, in addition to an 82% undivided ownership interest in Nine Mile Point Unit 2. EDF had
the option to sell its 49.99% equity interest in CENG to Generation exercisable beginning on January 1, 2016 and thereafter until
June 30, 2022. On August 6, 2021, Generation and(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
9
Table of Contents
EDF entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which Generation, through a wholly owned subsidiary , purchased EDF’ s equity
interest in CENG for a net purchase price of $885 million.
See ITEM 2. PROPER TIES for additional information on Generation's nuclear facilities, Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and
Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the acquisition of EDF's
equity intere st in CENG and the disposition of Oyster Creek, and Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the CENG consolidation.
Generation’ s nuclear generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of the two units at Salem, which are
operated by PSEG Nuclear , LLC (PSEG Nuclear), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of PSEG. In 2021, 2020, and 2019 electric
supply (in GWh) generat ed from the nuclear generating facilities was 65%, 62%, and 64%, respectively , of Generation’ s total electric
supply , which also includes fossil, hydroelectric,  and renewable generation and electric supply purchased for resale. Generation’ s
wholesale and retail power marketing activities are, in part, supplied by the output from the nucle ar generating stations. See ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS for additional
information of Generation’ s electric supply sources.
Nuclear Operations
Capacity factors, which are significantly affected by the number and duration of refueling and non-refueling outages, can have a
significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. Generation’ s operations from its nuclear plants have historically had minimal
environmental impact and the plants have a safe operating history .
Generation manages its scheduled refueling outages to minimize their duration and to maintain high nuclear generating capacity
factors, resulting in a stable generation base for Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. During scheduled
refueling outages, Generation performs mainten ance and equipment upgrades in order to minimize the occurrence of unplanned
outages and to maintai n safe, reliable operations. During 2021, 2020, and 2019, the nuclear generating facilities operated by
Generation, achieved capacity factors of 94.5%, 95.4%, and 95.7%, respectively , at ownership percentage.
In addition to the maintenance and equipment upgrades performed by Generation during scheduled refueling outages, Generation
has extensiv e operating and security procedure s in place to ensure the safe operation of the nuclear units. Generation also has
extensive safety systems in place to protect the plant, personnel, and surrounding area in the unlikely event of an accident or other
incident.
Regulation of Nuclear Power Generation
Generation is subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC with respect to the operation of its nuclear generating stations, including the
licensing for operation of each unit. The NRC subjects nuclear generating stations to continuing review and regulation covering,
among other things, operations, maintenance, emergency planning, security , and environmental and radiological aspects of those
stations. As part of its reactor oversight process, the NRC continuously assesses unit performan ce indicators and inspection results
and communicates its assessment on a semi-annual basis. All nuclear generating stations operated by Generation are categorized
by the NRC in the Licen see Response Column, which is the highest of five performance bands. The NRC may modify , suspend, or
revoke operating licenses and impose civil pena lties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act or the terms of the operating
licenses. Changes in regulations by the NRC may require a substantial increase in capital expe nditures and/or operating costs for
nuclear generating facilities.
Licenses
Generation has original 40-year operating licenses from the NRC for each of its nuclear units and has received 20-year operating
license renewals from the NRC for all its nuclear units except Clinton. PSEG has received 20-year operating license renewals for
Salem Units 1 and 2. Peach Bottom has received a second 20-year license renewal from the NRC for Units 2 and 3.
10
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the current license expiration dates for Generation’ s operating nuclear facilities in service:
Station UnitIn-Service
DateCurrent License
Expiration
Braidwood 1 1988 2046
2 1988 2047
Byron 1 1985 2044
2 1987 2046
Calvert Clif fs 1 1975 2034
2 1977 2036
Clinton 1 1987 2027
Dresden 2 1970 2029
3 1971 2031
FitzPatrick 1 1975 2034
LaSalle 1 1984 2042
2 1984 2043
Limerick 1 1986 2044
2 1990 2049
Nine Mile Point 1 1969 2029
2 1988 2046
Peach Bottom 2 1974 2053
3 1974 2054
Quad Cities 1 1973 2032
2 1973 2032
Ginna 1 1970 2029
Salem 1 1977 2036
2 1981 2040
__________
(a)Denotes year in which nuclear unit began commercial operations.
(b)Although timing has been delayed, Generation currently plans to seek license renewal for Clinton and has received a Timely Renewal
Exemption from the NRC that allows for the license renewal application to be filed in the first quarter of 2024.
The operating license renewal process takes approximately four to five years from the comm encement of the renewal process,
which includ es approxim ately two years for Generation to develop the application and appro ximately two years for the NRC to
review the application. Depreciation provisions are based on the estimated useful lives of the stations, which corresponds with the
term of the NRC operatin g licenses denoted in the table above as of December 31, 2021. From August 27, 2020 through September
15, 2021, Byron and Dresden depreciation provisions were accelerated to reflect the previously announced shutdown dates of
September 2021 and November 2021, respectiv ely. On September 15, 2021, Generation updated the expected useful lives for both
facilities to reflect the end of the available NRC operating license for each unit consistent with the table above. See Note 7 — Early
Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Byron and Dresden.
Nuclear W aste Storage and Disposal
There are no facilities for the reprocessing or permanent disposal of SNF currently in operation in the United States, nor has the
NRC licensed any such facilities. Generation currently stores all SNF generated by its nuclear generating facilities on-site in storage
pools or in dry cask storage facilities. Since Generation’ s SNF storage pools generally do not have sufficient storage capacity for the
life of the respective plant, Generation has developed dry cask storage facilities to support operations.(a)
(b)
11
Table of Contents
As of Decem ber 31, 2021, Generation had approximately 89,400 SNF assemblies (21,900 tons)  stored on site in SNF pools or wet
and dry cask storage which includes SNF assem blies at Zion Station, for which Generation retains ownership and responsibility for
the decommissioning of the Zion Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installation. All currently operating Generation-owned nuclear
sites have on-site dry cask storage. TMI's on-site dry cask storage is projected to be in operation in 2022. On-site dry cask storage in
concert with on-site storage pools will be capable of meeting all current and future SNF storage  requirements at Generation’ s sites
through the end of the license renewal periods and through decommissioning.
For a discu ssion of matters associated with Generation’ s contracts with the DOE for the disposal of SNF, see Note 19 —
Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a by-product of their operations, nuclear generating units produce LLRW. LLRW is accumulated at each generating station and
permanently disposed of at licensed disposal facilities. The Federal Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 provides that
states may enter into agreements to provide regional disposal facilities for LLRW and restrict use of those facilities to waste
generated within the region. Illinois and Kentucky have entered into such an agreement, although neither state currently has an
operational site and none is anticipated to be operational for the next ten years.
Generation ships its Class A LLRW, which represents 93% of LLRW generated at its stations, to disposal facilities in Utah and South
Carolina, which have enough storage capacity to store all Class A LLRW for the life of all stations in Generation's nuclear fleet. The
disposal facility in South  Carolina at present is only receiving LLRW from LLRW generators in South Carolina, New Jersey (which
includes Salem), and Connecticut.
Generation utilizes on-si te storage capacity at all its stations to store and stage for shipping Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation
has a contra ct through 2040 to ship Class B and Class C LLRW to a disposal facility in Texas. The agreement provides for disposal
of all current Class B and Class C LLRW currently stored at each station as well as the Class B and Class C LLRW generated during
the term of the agreement. However , because the production of LLRW from Generation’ s nuclear  fleet will exceed the capacity at the
Texas site (3.9 million curies for 15 years beginning in 2012), Generation will still be required to utilize on-site storage at its stations
for Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation currently has enough storage capacity to store all Class B and Class C LLRW for the life
of all stations in Generation’ s nuclear fleet. Generation continues to pursue alternative disposal strategies for LLRW, including an
LLRW reduction program to minimize on-site storage and cost impacts.
Nuclear Insurance
Generation is subject to liability , property damage, and other risks associated with major incidents at all of its nuclear stations.
Generation has reduced its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions. See
“Nuclear Insurance” within Note 19 — Comm itments and Contingencies of the Combined  Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
For informat ion regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES — Generation. Generation is self-insured to the extent that
any losses may exceed the amount of insurance maintained or are within the policy deductible for its insured losses.
Fossil and Renewable Facilities (including Hydroelectric)
Generation wholly owns  all its fossil and renewable generating stations, except for: (1) Wyman; (2) certain wind project entities; and
(3) CRP, which is owned 49% by another owner . See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding CRP  which is a VIE. Generation’ s fossil and renewable generating stations
are all operated by Generation, except for Wyman, which is operated by the principal owner , NextEra Energy Resources LLC, a
subsidiary of the FPL Group, Inc. In 2021, 2020, and 2019, electric supply (in GWh) generated from owned fossil and renewable
generating facilities was 10%, 9%, and 11%, respectively , of Generation’ s total electric supply . Much of this output was dispatched to
support Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. On March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021, Generation completed
the sale of a significant portion of its solar busin ess and its interest in the Albany Green Energy biomass facility , respectively . See
ITEM 2. PROPER TIES for additional informat ion regarding Generation's electric generating facilities and Note 2 - Mergers,
Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
dispositions.
12
Table of Contents
Licenses
Fossil and renewable generation plants are generally not licensed, and, therefore, the decision on when to retire plants is,
fundamentally , a commercial one. FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on
navigable waterways or Federal lands, or connected to the interstate electric grid, which include Generation's Conowingo
Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo) and Muddy Run Pumped Storage Facility Project (Muddy Run). Muddy Run's license expires on
December 1, 2055 and Conowingo's on February 28, 2071. The stations are currently being depreciated over their estimated useful
lives, which correspond with the license terms. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on Conowingo.
Insurance
Generation maintains business interruption insurance for its renewable projects, but not for its fossil and hydroelectric operations
unless required by contract or financing agreements. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agre ements of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on financing agreements. Generation maintains both property damage
and liability insurance. For property damage and liability claims for these operations, Generati on is self-insured to the extent that
losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. For inform ation regarding property insurance,
see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES — Generation.
Contracted Generation
In addition to energy produced by owned generation assets, Generation sources electricity from plants it does not own under long-
term contrac ts. The following tables summarize Generation’ s long-term contracts to purchase unit-specific physical power with an
original term in excess of one year in duration, by region, in ef fect as of December 31, 2021:
RegionNumber of
AgreementsExpiration 
Dates Capacity (MW)
Mid-Atlantic 7 2022 - 2032 176 
Midwest 3 2026 - 2032 351 
New York 4 2022 26 
ERCOT 5 2022 - 2035 864 
Other Power Regions 12 2022 - 2033 2,685 
Total 31 4,102 
2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total
Capacity Expiring (MW) 1,084 114 101 490 398 1,915 4,102 
13
Table of Contents
Fuel
The following table shows sources of electric supply in GWh for 2021 and 2020: 
Source of Electric Supply
2021 2020
Nuclear 174,987 175,085 
Purchases — non-trading portfolio 67,605 79,972 
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 19,960 19,501 
Renewable 6,577 7,052 
Total supply 269,129 281,610 
 
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated.
(b)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar, and biomass generating assets.
The cycle of production and utilization of nuclear fuel includes the mining and milling of uranium ore into uranium concentrates, the
conversion of uranium concentrates to uranium hexafluoride, the enrichment of the uranium hexafluoride, and the fabrication of fuel
assemblies. Generation has inventory in various forms and does not anticipate difficulty in obtaining the necessary uranium
concentrates or conversion, enrichment, or fabrication services to meet the nuclear fuel requirements of its nuclear units.
Natural gas is procured  through long-term and short-term contracts, as well as spot-market purchases. Fuel oil inventories are
managed so that in the winter months sufficient volumes of fuel are available in the event of extreme weather conditions and during
the remaining months to take advantage of favorable market pricing.
Generation uses financial instruments to mitigate price risk associated with certain commodity price exposures, using both over-the-
counter and exchange-traded instruments. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS, ITEM 7. MAN AGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS, Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 16
— Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combi ned Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
derivative financial instruments.
Power Marketing
Generation’ s integrated business operations include physical delivery and marketing of power and natural gas. Generation largely
obtains physical power supply from its owned and contracted generation in multiple geographic regions. The commodity risks
associated with the output from owned and contracted generation is managed using various commodity transactions including sales
to customer s and its ratable hedging program. The main objective is to obtain low-cost energy supply to meet physical delivery
obligations to both wholesale and retail customers. Generation sells electricity , natural gas, and other energy related products and
solutions to various customers, including distribution utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, and commercial, industrial, governmental,
and residential customers in competitive markets.
Price and Supply Risk Management
Generation uses a combination of wholesale and retail customer load sales, as well as non-derivative and derivative contracts,
including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with
credit-approved counterparties, to hedge the price risk of the generation portfolio. Generation implements a three-year ratable sales
plan to align its hedging strategy with its financial objectives. Generation may also enter into transactions that are outside of this
ratable hedging program.
A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be implemented using fuel products based on assumed correlations between power
and fuel prices. The risk management group monitors the financial risks of the wholesale and retail power marketing activities.
Generation also uses financial and commodity contracts for proprietary trading purposes, but this activity accounts for only a small
portion of Generation’ s efforts. The(a)
(b)
14
Table of Contents
proprietary trading portfolio is subject to a risk management policy that includes stringent risk management limits. See ITEM 7A.
QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK for additional information.
Utility Registrants
Utility Operations
Service T erritories and Franchise Agreements
The following table presents the size of service territories, populations of each service territory , and the number of customers within
each service territory for the Utility Registrants as of December 31, 2021:
ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Service Territories (in square miles)
Electric 11,450 2,100 2,300 650 5,400 2,750 
Natural Gas N/A 1,900 3,050 N/A 250 N/A
Total 11,450 2,100 3,250 650 5,400 2,750 
Service Territory Population (in millions)
Electric 9.3 4.0 3.0 2.4 1.5 1.2 
Natural Gas N/A 2.5 2.9 N/A 0.6 N/A
Total 9.3 4.0 3.1 2.4 1.5 1.2 
Main City Chicago Philadelphia BaltimoreDistrict of
Columbia Wilmington Atlantic City
Main City Population 2.7 1.6 0.6 0.7 0.1 0.1 
Number of Customers (in millions)
Electric 4.1 1.7 1.3 0.9 0.5 0.6 
Natural Gas N/A 0.5 0.7 N/A 0.1 N/A
Total 4.1 1.7 1.3 0.9 0.5 0.6 
___________
(a)The number of total service territory square miles counts once only a square mile that includes both electric and natural gas services, and thus
does not represent the combined total square mileage of electric and natural gas service territories.
(b)The total service territory population counts once only an individual who lives in a region that includes both electric and natural gas services, and
thus does not represent the combined total population of electric and natural gas service territories.
(c)The number of total customers counts once only a customer who is both an electric and a natural gas customer, and thus does not represent the
combined total of electric customers and natural gas customers.
The Utility Registrants have the necessary autho rizations to perform their current business of providing regulated electric and natural
gas distribution services in the various municipa lities and territories in which they now supply such services. These authorizations
include charters, franchises, permits, and certificates of public convenience issued by local and state governments and state utility
commissions. ComEd's,  BGE's (gas), Pepco DC's, and ACE's rights are generally non-exclusive while PECO's, BGE's (electric),
Pepco MD's, and DPL's rights are generally exclusive. Certain authorizations are perpetual while others have varying expiration
dates. The Utility Registrants anticipate working with the appropriate governmental bodies to extend or replace the authorizations
prior to their expirations.(a)
(b)
(c)
15
Table of Contents
Utility Regulations
State utility commissions regulate the Utility Registrants' electric and gas distribution rates and service, issuances of certain
securities, and certain other aspects of the business. The following table outlines the state commissions responsible for utility
oversight:
Registrant Commission
ComEd ICC
PECO PAPUC
BGE MDPSC
Pepco DCPSC/MDPSC
DPL DEPSC/MDPSC
ACE NJBPU
The Utility Registrants are public utilities under the Federal Power Act subject to regulation by FERC related to transmission rates
and certain other aspec ts of the utilities' business. The U.S. Department of Transportation also regulates pipeline safety and other
areas of gas operations for PECO, BGE, and DPL. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (Transportation Security
Administration) provided new security directives in 2021 that regulate cyber risks for certain gas distribution operators. Additionally ,
the Utility Registrants are subject to NERC mandatory reliability standards, which protect the nation's bulk power system against
potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches.
Seasonality Impacts on Delivery V olumes
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution volumes are generally higher during the summer and winter months when temperature
extremes create deman d for either summer cooling or winter heating. For PECO, BGE, and DPL, natural gas distribution volumes
are generally higher during the winter months when cold temperatures create demand for winter heating.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL Maryland, and ACE have electric distribution decoupling mechan isms and BGE has a natural gas
decoupling mechanism that eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on electric
distribution and natural gas delivery volumes. As a result, ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL Maryla nd's, and ACE's electric distribution
revenues and BGE's natural gas distribution revenues are not materially impacted by delivery volumes. PECO's and DPL Delaware's
electric distribution revenues and natural gas distribution revenues are impacted by delivery volumes.
Electric and Natural Gas Distribution Services
The Utility Registrants are allowed to recover reasonable costs and fair and prudent capital expenditures associated with electric and
natural gas distribution services and earn a return on those capital expenditures, subject to commission approval. ComEd recovers
costs throug h a performance-based rate formula. ComEd is required to file an update to the performance-based rate formula on an
annual basis. On Septem ber 15, 2021, Illinois passed the Clean Energy Law, which contains requirements for ComEd to transition
away from the performa nce-based rate formula by the end of 2022 and would allow for the submission of either a general rate or
multi-year rate plan. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. PECO's, BGE's, and DPL's electric and gas distribution costs and Pepco's and ACE's electric distribution costs have
generally been recovered through traditional rate case proceedings. However , the MDPSC and the DCPSC allow utilities to file multi-
year rate plans. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants use specific recovery mechanism s as approved by their respective
regulatory agencies.
ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE customers have the choice to purchase electricity , and PECO and BGE customers have the choice to
purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. DPL customers, with the
exception of certain commercial and industrial customers, do not have the choice to purchase natural gas from competitive natural
gas supplier s. The Utility Registrants remain the distribution service providers for all customers and are obligated to deliver electricity
and natural gas to customers in their respective service territories while charging a regulated rate for distribution service. In addition,
the Utility Registrants also retain significant default service obligations to provide electricity to certain groups of customers in their
respective service areas who do not choose a competitive electric generation supplier . PECO,
16
Table of Contents
BGE, and DPL also retain significant default service obligations to provide natural gas to certain groups of customers in their
respective service areas who do not choose a competitive natural gas supplier .
For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, the Utility Registrants act as
the billing agent and therefore do not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity
and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from a Utility Registrant, the Utility
Registrants are permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers without mark-up or with a
slight mark-up and therefore record the amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense. As a result,
fluctuations in electricity or natural gas sales and procurement costs have no significant impact on the Utility Registrants’  Net
income.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEM ENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS,
Results of Operations and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements for additional
information regarding electric and natural gas distribution services.
Procurement of Electricity and Natural Gas
The Utility Registrants' electric supply for its customers is primarily procured through contracts as required by their respective state
commissions. The Utility Registrants procure electricity supply from various approved bidders, including Generation. RTO spot
market purchases and sales are utilized to balance the utility electric load and supply as required. Charges incurred for electric
supply procured through contracts with Generation are included in Purchased power from affiliates on the Utility Registrants'
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
PECO's, BGE’ s, and DPL's natural gas supplies are purchased from a number of suppliers for terms of up to three years. PECO,
BGE, and DPL have annual firm supply and transportation contracts of 137,000 mmcf, 268,000 mmcf and 61,000 mmcf,
respectively . In addition, to supplement gas supply at times of heavy winter demands and in the event of temporary emergencies,
PECO, BGE, and DPL  have available storage capacity from the following sources:
Peak Natural Gas Sources (in mmcf)
LNG Facility Propane-Air PlantUnderground Storage Service
Agreements (a)
PECO 1,200 150 19,400 
BGE 1,056 550 22,000 
DPL 250 N/A 3,900 
___________
(a)Natural gas from underground storage represents approximately 28%, 20%, and 33% of PECO's, BGE’s, and DPL's 2021-2022 heating season
planned supplies, respectively.
PECO, BGE , and DPL have long-term interstate pipeline contracts and also participate in the interstate markets by releasing pipeline
capacity or bundling pipeline capacity with gas for off-system sales. Off-system gas sales are low-margin direct sales of gas to
wholesale suppliers of natural gas. Earnings from these activities are shared between the utilitie s and customers. PECO, BGE, and
DPL make these sales as part of a program to balance its supply and cost of natural gas. The off-system gas sales are not material
to PECO, BGE, and DPL.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK, Commodity Price Risk (All
Registrants), for additional information regarding Utility Registrants' contracts to procure electric supply and natural gas.
Energy Ef ficiency Programs
The Utility Registrants are generally allowed to recover costs associated with the energy efficiency and demand response programs
they offer. Each commission approved program  seeks to meet mandated electric consumption reduction targets and implement
demand response meas ures to reduce peak demand. The programs are designed to meet standards required by each respective
regulatory agency .
ComEd is allowed to earn a return on its energy efficiency costs. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
17
Table of Contents
Capital Investment
The Utility Registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments, primarily in electric transmission and
distribution and natural gas transportation and distribution facilities, to ensure the adequate capacity , reliability , and efficiency of their
systems. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS, Liquidity and Capital Resources, for additional information regarding projected 2022 capital expenditures.
Transmission Services
Under FERC’ s open access transmission policy , the Utility Registrants, as owners of transmission facilities, are required to provide
open access  to their transmission facilities under filed tariffs at cost-based rates approved by FERC. The Utility Registrants and their
affiliates are required to comply with FERC’ s Standards of Conduct regulation governing the communication of non-public
transmission information between the transmission owner ’s employees and wholesale merchant employees.
PJM is the regional grid operator and operates pursuant to FERC-approved tariffs. PJM is the transmission provider under , and the
administrator of, the PJM Open Access Transmis sion Tariff (PJM Tariff). PJM operates the PJM energy , capacity , and other markets,
and, through central dispatch, controls the day-to-day operations of the bulk power system for the region. The Utility Registrants are
members of PJM and provide regional transmission service pursuant to the PJM Tariff. The Utility Registrants and the other
transmission owners in PJM have turned over control of certain of their transmission facilities to PJM, and their transmission systems
are under the dispatch control of PJM. Under the PJM Tariff, transmission service is provided on a region-wide, open-access basis
using the transmission facilities of the PJM transmission owners at rates based on the costs of transmission service.
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are established based on a FERC approved formula as shown below:
Approval Date
ComEd January 2008
PECO December 2019
BGE April 2006
Pepco April 2006
DPL April 2006
ACE April 2006
Exelon’ s Strategy and Outlook
In 2021, the businesses remained focused on maintaining industry leading operational excellence, meeting or exceeding their
financial commitments, ensuring timely recovery on investments to enable customer benefits, supporting enactment of clean energy
policies, and continued commitment to corporate responsibility .
Exelon’ s strategy is to improve reliability and operations, enhance the customer experience, and advance clean and affordable
energy choices, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. The Utility Registrants only invest
in rate base where it provides a benefit to customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or
otherwise meeting customer needs. The Utility Registrants make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
Exelon seek s to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of
resources and best practices to achieve improv ed operational and financial results. Additionally , the Utility Registrants anticipate
making significant future investments in smart grid technology , transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system
improvement projects, providing greater reliability , improved service for our customers, increased capacity to accommodate new
technologies, and a stable return for the company .
Management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with Exelon’ s businesses, assets and markets leveraging Exelon’ s
expertise in those areas and of fering sustainable returns.
The Utility Registrants anticipate investing approximately $29 billion over the next four years in electric and natural gas infrastructure
improvements and modernization projects, including smart grid technology , storm
18
Table of Contents
hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate
base of approximately $17 billion by the end of 2025. The Utility Registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and
the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. These investments are
made at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
In August 2021, the Utility Registrants announced a “path to clean” goal to collectively reduce their operations-driven emissions 50%
by 2030 against a 2015 baseline, and to reach net zero operations-driven emissions by 2050. This goal builds upon Exelon’ s long-
standing commitment to reducing our GHG emissions. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Matters and Regulation —
Climate Change for additional information.
Various market, financial, regulatory , legislative and operational factors could affect Exelon's success in pursuing its strategies.
Exelon conti nues to assess infrastructure, operational, policy , and legal solutions to these issues. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for
additional information.
Employees
The Registrants strive to create a workplace that is diverse, innovative, and safe for their employees. In order to provide the services
and products that their customers expect, the Registrants must create the best teams. These teams must reflect the diversity of the
communities that the Registrants serve. Therefo re, the Registrants strive to attract highly qualif ied and diverse talent and routinely
review their hiring and promotion practices to ensure they maintain equitable and bias free proce sses to neutralize any unconscious
bias. The Registrants provide growth opportunities, competitive compensation and benefi ts, and a variety of training and
development programs. The Registrants are committed to helping employees grow their skills and careers largely through numerous
training opportunities in technical,     safety and business acumen areas, mentorship progra ms, and continuous feedback and
development discussion s and evaluations. Employees are encouraged to thrive outside the workplace as well. The Registrants
provide a full suite of wellness benefits targeted at supporting work-life balance, physical, mental and financial health, and industry-
leading paid leave policies.
The Registra nts generally conduct an employee engagement survey every other year to help identify their successes and areas
where they can grow . The survey results are reviewed with senior management and the Exelon Board of Directors.
Diversity Metrics
The following tables show diversity metrics for all employees and management as of Decemb er 31, 2021. The Exelon numbers
include all subsidiaries, including Generation.
Employees Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Female 7,892 1,505 752 753 1,269 339 143 105 
People of Color 9,436 2,464 929 1,115 1,760 873 196 139 
Aged <30 3,236 653 315 280 413 169 87 58 
Aged 30-50 17,008 3,566 1,337 1,728 2,241 748 458 361 
Aged >50 11,274 2,037 1,157 1,120 1,532 472 365 214 
Total Employees 31,518 6,256 2,809 3,128 4,186 1,389 910 633 
Management Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Female 1,242 219 123 116 179 49 11 19 
People of Color 1,233 308 117 146 246 113 27 20 
Aged <30 73 6 7 1 8 3 — 2 
Aged 30-50 2,857 469 157 256 356 105 58 44 
Aged >50 2,107 365 194 161 266 67 59 40 
Within 10 years of
retirement eligibility 2,876 497 239 226 368 92 74 53 
Total Employees in
Management 5,037 840 358 418 630 175 117 86 (a) (b)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a) (b)
(b)
(c)
19
Table of Contents
 __________
(a)The Registrants are devoted to creating an environment that allows women to stay in the workforce, grow with the company, and move up the
ranks, all with parity of pay. Exelon employs an independent third-party vendor to run regression analysis on all management positions each
year. The analysis consistently shows that the Registrants have no systemic pay equity issues.
(b)This is based on self-disclosed information.
(c)Total employees represents the sum of the aged categories.
(d)Management is defined as executive/senior level officials and managers as well as all employees who have direct reports and supervisory
responsibilities.
Turnover Rates
As turnover is inherent,  management succession planning is performed and tracked for all executives and critical key manager
positions. Management frequently reviews succession planning to ensure the Registrants are prepared when positions become
available.
The table below shows the average turnover rate for all employees for the last three years of 2019 to 2021. The Exelon numbers
include all subsidiaries, including Generation.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Retirement Age 4.27 % 3.82 % 3.47 % 3.70 % 4.02 % 4.37 % 4.10 % 3.17 %
Voluntary 2.98 % 1.49 % 1.76 % 1.36 % 2.06 % 2.36 % 1.11 % 1.20 %
Non-V oluntary 0.98 % 0.56 % 1.06 % 0.94 % 0.96 % 1.87 % 0.32 % 0.68 %
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Approximately 37% of Exelon’ s employees participate in CBAs. The following table presents employee information, including
information about CBAs, as of December 31, 2021. The Exelon numbers include all subsidiaries, including Generation.
Total Employees Covered
by CBAs Number of CBAsCBAs New and Renewed in
2021Total Employees Under CBAs
New and Renewed
in 2021
Exelon 11,770 32 8 6,476 
ComEd 3,478 2 2 3,478 
PECO 1,351 2 2 1,351 
BGE 1,416 1 — — 
PHI 2,161 5 — — 
Pepco 929 1 — — 
DPL 631 2 — — 
ACE 387 2 — — 
 __________
(a)Does not include CBAs that were extended in 2021 while negotiations are ongoing for renewal.(a)
20
Table of Contents
Environmental Matters and Regulation
On February  21, 2021, Exelon's Board of Directors approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies. The separation was completed on February 1, 2022. See Note 26 — Separation of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. As such, the disclosures below do not include disclosures
associated with Generation.
The Registra nts are subject to comprehensive and complex environmental legislation and regulation at the federal, state, and local
levels, includ ing requirements relating to climate change, air and water quality , solid and hazard ous waste, and impacts on species
and habitats.
The Exelon Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the management of environmental matters. Exelon has a management
team to address environmental compliance and strategy , including the CEO; the Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy and
Sustainability Officer; as well as senior management of the Utility Registrants. Performance of those individuals directly involved in
environmental compliance and strategy is reviewed and affects compensation as part of the annual individual performance review
process. The Exelon Board of Directors has delegated to the Corporate Governance Committee the authority to oversee Exelon’ s
compliance with health, environmental, and safety laws and regulations and its strategies and efforts to protect and improve the
quality of the environment, including Exelon’ s internal climate change and sustainability policies and programs, as discussed in
further detai l below . The respective Boards of the Utility Registrants oversee environmental, health, and safety issues related to
these companies.
Climate Change
As detailed below , the Registrants face climate change mitigation and transition risks as well as adaptation risks. Mitigation and
transition risks include changes to the energy systems as a result of new technologies, chan ging customer expectations and/or
voluntary GHG goals, as well as local, state or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce GHG emissions. Adaptation risk
refers to risks to the Registrants' facilities or operations that may result from changes in the physical climate, such as changes to
temperature, weather patterns and sea level.
Climate Change Mitigation and T ransition
The Registrants support comprehensive federal climate legislation that addresses the urgent need to substantially reduce national
GHG emissions while providing appropriate protections for consumers, businesses, and the economy . In the absence of
comprehensive federal legislation, Exelon supp orts EPA moving forward with meaningful regulation of GHG emissions under the
Clean Air Act.
The Registrants currently are subject to, and may become subject to additional, federal and/or state legislation and/or regulations
addressing GHG emissions. GHG emission sources associated with the Registrants include natural gas (methane) leakage on the
natural gas systems, sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage from electric transmission and distribution operations, refrigerant leakage
from chilling and cooling equipment, and fossil fuel combustion in motor vehicles. In addition , PECO, BGE, and DPL distribute
natural gas; and consumers' use of such natural gas produces GHG emissions.
Since its inception, Exelon has positioned itself as a leader in climate change mitigation. In 2020, Exelon's Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions, as revised following the separation, were just over 5.6 million metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent using the World
Resources Institute Corporate Standard Market -based accounting. Of these emissions, 551,00 0 metric tons are considered to be
operations-driven and in more direct control of our employees and processes. The remaining 5 million metric tons, approximately
90%, are the indirect emissions associated with electric distribution and transmission system uses and losses resulting from the
Utility Registrant's delivery of electricity to their customers. These system uses and losses are driven primarily by customer use and
generation assets on the grid that are not under our ownership.
In August 2021, the Utility Registrants announced a "path to clean" goal to collectively reduce their operations-driven emissions 50%
by 2030 against a 2015 baseline, and to reach net zero operations-driven emissions by 2050, while also supporting customers and
communities to achieve their clean energy and emissions goals. This goal builds upon Exelon's long-standing commitment to
reducing our GHG emissions. The Utility Registra nts "path to clean" will include efficiency and clean electricity for operations, vehicle
fleet electrification, equipment
21
Table of Contents
and processes to reduce sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage, modern natural gas infrastructure to minimize methane leaks and
increase safety and reliability , and investment and collaboration to develop new technologies . Over the next 10 years, Exelon
anticipates investing approximately $4.8 billion towards its "path to clean" goal. Exelon believe s it has line of sight into solutions
available today to achie ve 80% of its "path to clean" goal and that achieving full net-zero operations will require some technology
advancement and continued policy support. Exelon is laying the groundwork by partnering with national labs, universities and
research consortia to research, develop and pilot clean technologies. The Utility Registrant s are also driving customer-driven
emissions reductions in their communities through some of the nation's largest energy efficiency programs. During 2022 - 2025,
estimated energy efficiency investments across the Utility Registrants total $3.4 billion. These programs enable customer savings
through home energy audits, lighting discounts, appliance recycling, home improvement rebates , equipment upgrade incentives and
innovative programs like smart thermostats and combined heat and power programs.
The electric sector plays a key role in lowering GHG emissions across much of the economy . Electrification, where feasible for
transportation, buildings, and industry coupled with simultaneous decarbonization of electric generation can be a key lever for
emissions reductions. To support this transition, Exelon is advocating for public policy supportive of vehicle electrification, investing
in enabling infrastructure and technology , and supporting customer education and adoption. In addition, the Utility Registrants will
electrify 30% of their own vehicle fleet by 2025, increasing to 50% by 2030. Exelon also continu es to explore other decarbonization
opportunities, supporting pilots of emerging energy technologies and clean fuels to support both operational and customer-driven
emissions reductions.
International Climate Change Agreements . At the international level, the United States is a party to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The Parties to the UNFCCC adopted the Paris Agreement at the 21st session of the
UNFCCC Conference of the Parties (COP  21) on December 12, 2015. Under the Agreement, which became effective on November
4, 2016, the parties committed to try to limit the global average temperature increase and to develop national GHG reduction
commitments. On November 4, 2020, the United States formally withdrew from the Paris Agreement, retracting its commitment to
reduce dome stic GHG emissions by 26%-28% by 2025 compared with 2005 levels. However , on January 20, 2021, President Biden
accepted the Paris Agreement, which resulted in the United States’  formal re-entry on February 19, 2021. The Biden administration
has announc ed its intent to pursue ambitious GHG reductions in the United States and interna tionally , and the United States has
now set an economy-wi de target of reducing its net GHG emissions by 50-52% below 2005 levels by 2030. The 2021 UNFCCC
Conference of the Parties (COP26) and resulting Glasgow Climate Pact indicated important global support for the Paris Agreement
and continued progress toward decarbonization.
Federal Climate Change Legislation and Regulation.  It is uncertain whether federal legislation to significantly reduce GHG
emissions will be enacted in the near-term. On November 15, 2021, President Biden signed the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs
Act's (IIJA) into law, which does include provisions intended to address climate change. Exelon anticipates pursuing opportunities
under IIJA.
Regulation of GHGs from Power Plants under the Clean Air Act. The EPA’s 2015 Clean Power Plan (CPP) established
regulations addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil-fired power plants under Clean Air Act Section 111(d). The
CPP’ s carbon pollution limits could be met through changes to the electric generation system, including shifting generation from
higher-emitting units to lower- or zero-emitting units, as well as the development of new or expa nded zero-emissions generation. In
July 2019, the EPA published its final Affordable Clean Energy rule, which repealed the CPP and replaced it with less stringent
emissions guidelines for existing fossil-fired power plants based on heat rate improvement measures that could be achieved within
the fence line of individ ual plants. Exelon, together with a coalition of other electric utilities, filed a lawsuit in the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the D.C. Circuit on September 6, 2019, challenging the Affordable Clean Energy  rule as unlawful. This lawsuit was
consolidated with separate challenges to the Affordable Clean Energy rule filed by various state s, non-governmental organizations,
and business coalitions. On January 19, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit held the Affordable Clean Energy Rule
to be unlawful, vacated the rule, and remanded it to the EPA. On October 29, 2021, the Supreme  Court granted certiorari to examine
the extent of EPA's authority to regulate GHGs from power plants; a decision is expected in 2022. The EPA has indicated it will
promulgate new GHG limits for existing power plants. Increased regulation of GHG emissions from power plants could increase the
cost of electricity delive red or sold by The Registrants. As of February 1, 2022, the Registrants no longer directly own electric
generation plants.
22
Table of Contents
State Climate Change Legislation and Regula tion.  A number of states in which the Registrants operate have state and regional
programs to reduce GHG emissions and renewable and other portfolio standards, which impact the power sector . See discussion
below for additional information on renewable and other portfolio standards.
Eleven northeast and mid-Atlantic states (Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey ,
New York, Rhode Islan d, Vermont, and Virginia) currently participate in the RGGI, which is in the process of strengthening its
requirements. The program requires most fossil fuel-fired power plants in the region to hold allowances, purchased at auction, for
each ton of CO2 emissions. Non-emitting resources do not have to purchase or hold these allowances. In October 2019, the
Governor of Pennsylvan ia issued an Executive Order directing the PA DEP to begin a rulemakin g process to allow Pennsylvania to
join the RGGI, with the goal of reducing carbon emissions from the electricity sector . On November 7, 2020, the PA DEP proposed
its rule, which is anticipated to support Pennsylvania's participation in RGGI beginning sometime in 2022.
Broader state programs impact other sectors as well, such as the District of Columbia's Clean Energy DC Omnibus Act and cross-
sector GHG reduction plans, which resulted in recent requirements for Pepco to develop 5-year and 30-year decarbonization
programs and strategies. Maryland has a statewide GHG reduction mandate to reduce GHG emissions by 40% no later than 2030,
which it expects to meet and surpass. New Jersey accelerated its goals through Executive Orde r 274, which establishes an interim
goal of 50% reductions below 2006 levels by 2030 and affirms its goal of achieving 80% reductions by 2050 and includes programs
to drive greater amounts of electrified transportation. Finally , the Clean Energy Law establishe s decarbonization requirements for
Illinois as well as programs to support the retention and development of emissions-free sources of electricity . See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Clean Energy
Law.
The Registrants cannot predict the nature of future regulations or how such regulations might impact future financial statements.
Renewable and Clean Energy Standards.  The states where Exelon operates have adop ted some form of renewable or clean
energy procurement requirement. These stand ards impose varying levels of mandates for procurement of renewable or clean
electricity (the definition of which varies by state) and/or energy efficiency . These are generally expressed as a percentage of annual
electric load, often increasing by year. The Utility Registrants comply with these various requirements through purchasing qualifying
renewables, implementin g efficiency programs, acquiring sufficient credits (e.g., RECs), paying an alternative compliance payment,
and/or a combination of these compliance alternatives. The Utility Registrants are permitted to recover from retail customers the
costs of complying with their state RPS requirem ents, including the procurement of RECs or other alternative energy resources. See
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Climate Change Adaptation
The Registrants' facilities and operations are subject to the global impacts of climate change. Long-term shifts in climactic patterns,
such as sustained highe r temperatures and sea level rise, may present challenges for the Registrants and their service territories.
Exelon belie ves its operations could be significan tly affected by the physical risks of climate change. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS,
The Registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change, for additional information.
The Registra nts' assets undergo seasonal readin ess efforts to ensure they are ready for the weather projections of the summer and
winter months. The Registrants consider and review national climate assessments to inform  their planning. Each of the Utility
Registrants also has well establish system recov ery plans and is investing in its systems to install advanced equipment and reinforce
the local electric system, making it more weather resistant and less vulnerable to anticipated storm damage.
Other Environmental Regulation
Water Quality
Under the federal Clean Water Act, NPDES permits for discharges into waterways are required to be obtained from the EPA or from
the state environmental agency to which the permit program has been delegated, and
23
Table of Contents
permits must be renewed periodically . Certain of Exelon's facilities discharge water into waterways and are therefore subject to these
regulations and operate under NPDES permits.
Under Clean  Water Act Section 404 and state laws and regulations, the Registrants may be required to obtain permits for projects
involving dredge or fill activities in W aters of the United States.
Where Regis trants’  facilities are required to secure a federal license or permit for activities that may result in a discharge to covered
waters, they may be required to obtain a state water quality certification under Clean W ater Act section 401.
Solid and Hazardous W aste and Environmental Remediation
CERCLA  provides for response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of hazardous
substances and authorizes the EPA either to clean up sites at which hazardous substances have created actual or potential
environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under CERCLA, generators and transporters of
hazardous substances, as well as past and present owners and operators of hazardous waste sites, are strictly , jointly and severally
liable for the cleanup costs of hazardous waste at sites, many of which are listed by the EPA on the National Priorities List (NPL).
These PRPs  can be ordered to perform a cleanup, can be sued for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup, may voluntarily
settle with the EPA concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or may voluntarily begin a site investigation and site remediation under
state oversight. Most states have also enacted statutes that contain provisions substantially similar to CERCLA. Such statutes apply
in many states where the Registrants currently own or operate, or previously owned or operated, facilities, including Delaware,
Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey , and Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia. In addition, RCRA governs treatment, storage and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and cleanup of sites where such activities were conducted.
The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expend itures in order to comply with these
Federal and state environmental laws. Under these laws, the Registrants may be liable for the costs of remediating environmental
contamination of property now or formerly owne d by them and of property contaminated by hazardous substances generated by
them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate parcels, including parcels on which their operations or the operations of
others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under environmental laws. The Registrants
and their subsidiaries are, or could become in the future, parties to proceedings initiated by the EPA, state agencies, and/or other
responsible parties under CERCLA  and RCRA  or similar state laws with respect to a number of sites or may undertake to investigate
and remediate sites for which they may be subject to enforcement actions by an agency or third-party .
ComEd’ s and PECO’ s environmental liabilities primarily arise from contamination at former MGP  sites. ComEd, pursuant to an ICC
order , and PECO, pursu ant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, have an on-going process to
recover environmental remediation costs of the MGP sites through a provision within customer rates. BGE, ACE, Pepco, and DPL do
not have material contin gent liabilities relating to MGP  sites. The amount to be expended in 2022 for compliance with environmental
remediation related to contamination at former MGP  sites and other gas purification sites is estimated to be approxim ately $54
million which consists primarily of $48 million at ComEd.
As of December 31, 2021, the Registrants have established appropriate contingent liabilities for environmental remediation
requirements. In addition, the Registrants may be required to make significant additional expenditures not presently determinable for
other environmental remediation costs.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Registrants’  environmental matters, remediation efforts, and related
impacts to the Registrants’  Consolidated Financial Statements.
24
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers as of February 25, 2022
Exelon
Name AgePosition Period
Crane, Christopher M. 63 Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon; 2012 - Present
President, Exelon 2008 - Present
Butler , Calvin G. 52 Senior Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Operations
Officer, Exelon2021 - Present
Senior Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive
Officer, Exelon Utilities2019 - 2021
Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2014 - 2019
Glockner , David 61 Executive V ice President, Compliance and Audit, Exelon 2020 - Present
Chief Compliance Of ficer, Citadel LLC 2017 - 2020
Regional Director , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 2013 - 2017
Littleton, Gayle E. 49 Executive V ice President, General Counsel, Exelon 2020- Present
Partner , Jenner & Block LLP 2015 -2020
Quiniones, Gil 55 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd 2021 - Present
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, New York Power
Authority2011 - 2021
Innocenzo, Michael A. 56 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2012 - 2018
Khouzami, Carim V . 46 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2019 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2019
Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2016 - 2018
Anthony , J. Tyler 57 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI 2021 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - 2021
Nigro, Joseph 57 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer,
Exelon2018 - Present
Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation2013 - 2018
Souza, Fabian E. 51 Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller , Exelon 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Deputy Controller , Exelon 2017 - 2018
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Of ficer, The
AES Corporation2015 - 2017
25
Table of Contents
ComEd
Name AgePosition Period
Quiniones, Gil 55 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd 2021 - Present
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, New York Power
Authority2011 - 2021
Donnelly , Terence R. 61 President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd 2018 - Present
Executive V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd 2012 - 2018
Trpik, Joseph 52 Interim Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and
Treasurer , ComEd2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
ComEd2009 - 2018
Rippie, E. Glenn 61 Senior V ice President and General Counsel, ComEd 2022 - Present
Partner , Jenner & Block LLP 2019 - 2021
Partner and Chief Financial Of ficer, Rooney , Rippie &
Ratnaswamy , LLP2010 - 2019
Washington, Melissa 52 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations and Chief
Customer Of ficer, ComEd2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
ComEd2019 - 2021
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, ComEd 2019 -2019
Vice President, External Affairs and Large Customer Services,
ComEd2016 - 2019
Perez, David 52 Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd 2019 - Present
Vice President, Transmission and Substation, ComEd 2016 - 2019
Blaise, M. Michelle 60 Senior V ice President, Technical Services, ComEd 2014 - Present
26
Table of Contents
PECO
Name AgePosition Period
Innocenzo, Michael A. 56 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2012 - 2018
McDonald, John 64 Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Vice President, Integration, PHI 2016 - 2018
Stefani, Robert J. 48 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PECO2018 - Present
Vice President, Corporate Development, Exelon 2015 - 2018
Murphy , Elizabeth A. 62 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
PECO2016 - Present
Webster Jr ., Richard G. 60 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PECO 2012 - Present
Williamson, Olufunmilayo 43 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PECO 2020 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Commercial Risk Of ficer, Exelon 2017 - 2020
Vice President, Commercial Risk Management, Exelon 2015 - 2017
Gay, Anthony 56 Vice President and General Counsel, PECO 2019 - Present
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO 2016 - 2019
27
Table of Contents
BGE
Name AgePosition Period
Khouzami, Carim V . 46 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2019 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2019
Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2016 - 2018
Dickens, Derrick 56 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, BGE 2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PHI 2020 - 2021
Vice President, Technical Services, BGE 2016 - 2020
Vahos, David M. 49 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
BGE2016 - Present
Núñez, Alexander G. 50 Senior V ice President, Governmental, External and Regulatory
Affairs, BGE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Regulatory Affairs and Strategy , BGE 2020 - 2021
Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE 2016 - 2020
Case, Mark D. 60 Vice President, Strategy and Regulatory Affairs, BGE 2012 - Present
Galambos, Denise 59 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2021 - Present
Vice President, Utility Oversight, Exelon Utilities 2020 - 2021
VP, Human Resources, BGE 2018 - 2020
Associate General Counsel, Exelon 2012 - 2017
Ralph, David 55 Vice President and General Counsel, BGE 2021 - Present
Associate General Counsel, BGE 2019 - 2021
Assistant General Counsel, Exelon 2017 - 2019
City Attorney , City of Baltimore 2016 - 2017
28
Table of Contents
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Name AgePosition Period
Anthony , J. Tyler 57 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI 2021 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - 2021
Olivier , Tamla 49 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2020 - 2021
Senior V ice President, Constellation NewEnergy , Inc. 2016 - 2020
Barnett, Phillip S. 58 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, PECO 2007 - 2018
Treasurer , PECO 2012 - 2018
Oddoye, Rodney 45 Senior V ice President, Governmental & External Affairs, PHI,
Pepco, DPL, and ACE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE 2020 - 2021
Vice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2018 - 2020
Director , Northeast Regional Electric Operations, BGE 2016 - 2018
Bancroft, Anne 55 Vice President and General Counsel, PHI 2021 - Present
Associate General Counsel, Exelon 2017 - 2021
Assistant General Counsel, Exelon 2010 - 2017
Bell-Izzard, Morlon 56 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations & Chief Customer
Officer, PHI2021 - Present
Vice President, Customer Operations, PHI 2019 - 2021
Director , Utility Performance Assessment, Exelon 2016 - 2019
O'Donnell, Morgan 46 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , DC/MD 2021 - Present
Director , Financial Planning and Analysis, PHI 2020 - 2021
Director , Regulatory Strategy & Revenue Policy , PHI 2019 - 2020
Manager , Regulatory Analysis, PHI 2016 - 2019
Humphrey , Marissa 42Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PHI, DPL, and
ACE2021 - Present
Vice President Finance, Exelon Utilities 2019 - 2020
Vice President, Finance, PHI 2016 - 2019
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies. The separation was completed on February 1, 2022. See Note 26 — Separation of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additi onal information. As such, the risk factors discussed below do not include those
associated with Generation.
Each of the Registrants operates in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are
beyond that Registrant’ s direct control. Such risks, which could negatively affect one or more of the Registrants’  consolidated
financial statements, fall primarily under the categories below:
29
Table of Contents
Risks related to market and financial factors  primarily include:
•the demand for electrici ty, reliability of service, and affordability in the markets where the Utility  Registrants conduct their
business,
•the ability of the Utility Registrants to operate their respective transmission and distribution assets, their ability to access
capital markets, and the impacts on their results of operations due to the global outbreak (pandemic) of the 2019 novel
coronavirus (COVID-19), and
•emerging technologies and business models, including those related to climate change mitigation and transition to a low
carbon economy .
Risks related to legis lative, regulatory , and legal factors  primarily include chang es to, and compliance  with, the laws and
regulations that govern:
•utility regulatory business models,
•environmental and climate policy , and
•tax policy .
Risks related to operational factors  primarily include:
•changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put the Registrant’ s facilities at risk, and
such changes could also af fect the levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services,
•the ability of the Utility Registrants to maintain the reliability , resiliency , and safety of their energ y delivery systems, which
could af fect their ability to deliver energy to their customers and af fect their operating costs, and
•physical and cyber security risks for the Utility Registrants as the owner-operators of transmission and distribution facilities.
Risks related to the separation primarily  include:
•challenges to achieving the benefits of separation and
•performance by Exelon and Generation under the transaction agreements, including indemnification responsibilities.
There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not current ly believed to be material that could
negatively af fect the Registrants' consolidated financial statements in the future.
Risks Related to Market and Financial Factors
The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the
energy industry (All Registrants).
Advancements in power generation technology , including commercial and residential solar generation installations and commercial
micro turbine installations, are improving the cost-ef fectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity . Improvements in energy
storage technology , including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity
requirements. Improvements in energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, equipment and building materials will also affect energy
consumption by customers. Changes in power generation, storage, and use technologies could have significant effects on customer
behaviors and their energy consumption.
These developments could affect levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations, and current business models and
make portions of the Utility Registrants' transmission and/or distribution facilities uneconomic prior to the end of their useful
lives. These factors could affect the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements through, amon g other things, increased operating
and maintenance expenses, increased capital
30
Table of Contents
expenditures, and potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of employee benefit plan assets and could
increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding
(All Registrants).
Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular business es and the greater economy could
adversely affect the value of the investments held within Exelon’ s employee benefit plan trusts. The asset values are subject to
market fluctu ations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below Exelon's projected return rates. A decline in the market
value of the pension and OPEB plan assets would increase the funding requirements associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB
plan obligations. Additionally , Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates
decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including
increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility
requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and OPEB plans. See
Note 15  — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets (All Registrants).
The Registra nts rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper
markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the
United State s or abroad could negatively affect the Registrants’  ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank
revolving credit facilities . The banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience
shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. The
inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of
uncertainty , changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the
deferral of discretionary  capital expenditures, or require a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. In
addition, the Registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe, Canada, and Asia. Disruptions in these
markets could reduce or restrict the Registrants’  ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. As of
December 31, 2021, approximately 20%, 17%, and 16% of the Registrants’  available credit facilities (not including Generation's
credit facilitie s) were with European, Canadian, and Asian banks, respectively . See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or
otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties or regulatory financial
requirements, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral that could affect its liquidity and
could experience higher borrowing costs (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants' operating agreements with PJM and PECO's, BGE's, and DPL's natural gas procurement contracts contain
collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and
the Utility Registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would
be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their
remaining sources of liquidity . PJM collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as
market price s fall. Collateral posting requiremen ts for PECO, BGE, and DPL, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will
generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. If the Utility Registrants were
downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. In addition, changes in ratings
methodologies by the agencies could also have an adverse negative impact on the ratings of the Utility Registrants.
The Utility Registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and
procedures intended to assure that the Utility Registrants are treated as separate,
31
Table of Contents
independent companies,  distinct from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the Utility Registrants from Exelon and
other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financ ial difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary . These measures (commonly
referred to as “ring-fencing”) could help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants in the event of a
reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants could remain
linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon. Consequently , a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a
reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the Utility Registrants. A reduction in the credit rating of a Utility Registrant could have
a material adverse ef fect on the Utility Registrant.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS —
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Matters — Market Conditions and Security Ratings for additional information regarding the
potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’  cash flows.
The impacts of significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates, could lead to decreased
volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances (All Registrants).
The impacts of significant economic downturns on the Utility Registrants' customers and the related regulatory limitations on
residential service terminations for the Utility Registrants, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer
balances and related expense. Further , increase s in customer rates, including those related to increases in purchased power and
natural gas prices, could result in declines in customer usage and lower revenues for the Utility Registrants that do not have
decoupling mechanisms.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK for additional information on the
Registrants’  credit risk.
The Registrants' results were negatively affected by the impacts of COVID-19 (All Registrants).
COVID-19 has disrupted economic activity in the Registrants’  respective markets and negatively affected the Registrants’  results of
operations. The estimated impact of COVID-19 to the Utility Registrants’  Net income was approximately $75 million for the year
ended December 31, 2020 and was not material for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Registrants cannot predict the full
extent of the impacts of COVID-19, which will depend on, among other things, the rate, and public perceptions of the effectiveness,
of vaccinations and rate of resumption of business activity . In addition, any future widespread pandemic or other local or global
health issue could adversely affect customer demand and the Registrants’  ability to operate their transmission and distribution
assets. See Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS - Executive Overview for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather (All Registrants).
Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities.
Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and
temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate
temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting operating revenues at PECO and DPL Delaware. Due to revenue
decoupling, operating revenues from electric distribution at ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL Maryland, and ACE are not affected by
abnormal weather .
Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the Utility Registrants' transmission and distribution
systems, communicatio n systems, and techno logy, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each
company’ s ability to meet peak customer deman d. First and third quarter financial results, in particular , are substantially dependent
on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
Climate chan ge projectio ns suggest increases to summer temperature and humidity trends, as well as more erratic precipitation and
storm patter ns over the long-term in the areas where the Utility Registrants have transmission and distribution assets. The frequency
in which weather conditions emerge outside the current expected climate norms could contribute to weather-related impacts
discussed above.
32
Table of Contents
Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other assets could become impaired (All Registrants).
Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the Registrants’  statements of financial position. In addition, Exelon,
ComEd, and PHI have material goodwill balances.
The Registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or
circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. Factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and
future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.
ComEd and PHI perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event
occurs or circumstances  change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying
amount. Regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market
performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s business, and
the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s, ComEd's, and PHI’ s goodwill.
An impairment would require the Registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset or goodwill to fair value through a
non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF
FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 8 — Property ,
Plant, and Equipment, Note 12 — Asset Impairments and Note 13 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on long-lived asset impairments and goodwill impairments.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under
indemnification agreements, or when the Registrants have guaranteed their performance (All Registrants).
The Registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a
Registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected
by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected Registrant
could be held responsibl e for the obligations. Each of the Utility Registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third
party and in each case the transferee has agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable Utility Registrant for
such obligat ions. In connection with the restructurings under which ComEd, PECO, and BGE transferred their generating assets to
Generation, Generation assumed certain of ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, and BGE's rights and obligations with respect to their former
generation businesses. Further , ComEd, PECO, and BGE have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-
party agreed to indemnify ComEd, PECO, or BGE for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses
that have been assumed by Generation as part of the restructuring. If the third-party , Genera tion, or the transferee of Pepco's,
DPL's, or ACE’ s genera tion facilities experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became
unenforceable, the applicable Utility Registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims . In addition, the Utility Registrants
have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities.
The Registra nts have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and
sales of assets, including several of the Utility Registrants in connection with Generation's absorption of their former generating
assets. The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations under these indemnities.
The Registra nts have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the Registrants to perform in the event
that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, the Registrants could incur substantial
cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees.
33
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Legislative, Regulatory , and Legal Factors
The Registrants' businesses are highly regulated and could be negatively affected by legislative and/or
regulatory actions (All Registrants).
Substantial aspects of the Registrants' businesses are subject to comprehensive Federal or state legislation and/or regulation.
The Utility Registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover
their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers.
Fundamental changes in regulations or adverse legislative actions affecting the Registrants’  businesses would require changes in
their business planning models and operations. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether legislative or regulatory proposals
could become law or what their ef fect would be on the Registrants.
Changes in the Utility Registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates,
are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious,
lengthy, and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce
time delays in effectuating rate changes (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms
and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and
officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of energy , who have differing concerns but who have the common
objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional
uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The potential duration of such proceeding s creates a risk that rates ultimately
approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a Utility Registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates
become effective. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions
of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund  or disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the
procurement of electricity or gas, credit losses, MGP  remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand
response programs. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters,
customer initiatives, or franchise agreements. These settlements are subject to regulatory approval. The ultimate outcome and
timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover their costs or earn an
adequate return. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additio nal
information.
The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards,
including the likely exposure of the Utility Registrants to the results of PJM’s RTEP and NERC compliance
requirements (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants as users, owners, and operators of the bulk power transmission system are subject to mandatory reliability
standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. PECO, BGE, and DPL, as operators of natural gas distribution systems,
are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the U.S. Department of Transportation . The standards are based on the
functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market
interface principles. Com pliance with or change s in the reliability standards could subject the Registrants to higher operating costs
and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DEPSC, and NJBPU impose certain
distribution reliability standards on the Utility Registrants. If the Utility Registrants were found in non-compliance with the Federal and
state mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial
monetary penalties.
34
Table of Contents
The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other
matters (All Registrants).
The Registrants are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state, and Federal authorities. These laws
and regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how
they handle air and water emissions, hazardous  and solid waste, and activities affecting surface waters, groundwater , and aquatic
and other species. Violations of these requirements could subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to
bring existin g facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to
third parties’  claims for alleged health or property damages, or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, the
Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or
formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generated or released. Remediation
activities associated with MGP  operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. Also, the
Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited
and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Matters and Regulation for
additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by federal and state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation,
along with energy conservation by customers (All Registrants).
Changes to current state legislation or the development of Federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable, and
alternate fuel sources could significantly impact the Utility Registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed.
Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new
technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, could increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact the Utility
Registrants consolidated  financial statements if timely cost recovery is not allowed. These energy conservation programs, regulated
energy consumption reduction targets, and new energy consumption technologies could cause declines in customer energy
consumption and lead to a decline in the Registrants' revenues. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Matters and Regulation
— Renewable and Clean Energy Standards and "The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over
time af fect or transform the energy industry" above for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes, and the
inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. (All Registrants).
The Registra nts are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations
include income, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters.
These judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that
could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 — Income Taxes of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Legal proceedings could result in a negative outcome, which the Registrants cannot predict (All Registrants).
The Registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising out of their business operations. The material ones
are summarized in Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue, or restrict existing business
activities.
The Registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to
negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (All
Registrants).
35
Table of Contents
The Registra nts could be the subject of public criticism. Adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and
other regula tory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies in a favor able light, and could cause those
companies, including the Registrants, to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulat ory outcomes, as well as increased
regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.
Exelon and ComEd have received requests for information related to an SEC investigation into their lobbying
activities. The outcome of the investigations could have a material adverse effect on their reputation and
consolidated financial statements (Exelon and ComEd).
On October 22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it had opened an investigation  into their lobbying activities in the
state of Illinois. Exelon and ComEd have cooper ated fully, including by providing all information requested by the SEC, and intend to
continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with the SEC. The outcome of the SEC’ s investigation cannot be predicted and could
subject Exelon and ComEd to civil penalties, sanctions, or other remedial measures. Any of the foregoing, as well as the appearance
of non-comp liance with anti-corruption and anti-b ribery laws, could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputations or
relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers, and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial
statements. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
If ComEd violates its Deferred Prosecution Agreement announced on July 17, 2020, it could have an adverse
effect on the reputation and consolidated financial statements of Exelon and ComEd (Exelon and ComEd).
On July 17, 2020, Com Ed entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern
District of Illinois (USAO ) to resolve the USAO’ s investigation into Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s lobbying activities in the State of Illinois.
Exelon was not made a party to the DPA and the investigation by the USAO into Exelon’ s activities ended with no charges being
brought against Exelon. Under the DPA, the USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComEd improperly gave and offered to give
jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the Speaker of the Illinois
House of Representatives and the Speaker ’s associates, with the intent to influence the Speaker ’s action regarding legislation
affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or
civil case against ComEd in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of
ComEd, including, but not limited to, the follow ing: (i) payment to the United States Treasury of $200 million; (ii) continued full
cooperation with the government’ s investigation; and (iii) ComEd’ s adoption and maintenanc e of remedial measures involving
compliance and reporting undertakings as spec ified in the DPA. If ComEd is found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the
USAO may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, ComEd for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government,
which could result in fines or penalties and could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputation or relationships with
regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial statements. See Note
19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Risks Related to Operational Factors
The Registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change (All Registrants).
Climate adaptation risk refers to risks to the Registrants' facilities or operations that may result from changes in the physical climate,
such as changes to temperature, weather patterns and sea level.
The Registrants periodically perform analyses to better understand how climate change could affect their facilities and operations.
The Registrants primarily operate in the Midwes t and East Coast of the United States, areas that historically have been prone to
various types of severe weather events, and as such the Registrants have well-developed response and recovery programs based
on these historical events. However , the Registr ants’ physical facilities could be placed at greate r risk of damage should changes in
the global climate impa ct temperature and weather patterns, and result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events,
unprecedented levels of precipitation, sea level rise, increased surface water temperatures, and/or other ef fects.
36
Table of Contents
Over time, the Registrants may need to make additional investments to protect their facilities from physical climate-related risks.
In addition, changes to the climate may impact levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services, which could affect
Registrants’  operations. Over time, the Registrants may need to make additional investments to adapt to changes in operational
requirements as a result of climate change.
Climate mitig ation and transition risks include changes to the energy systems as a result of new technologies, changing customer
expectations and/or voluntary GHG goals, as well as local, state or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce GHG
emissions.
The Registrants also periodically perform analyses of potential pathways to reduce power sector and economy-wide GHG emissions
to mitigate climate change. To the extent additional GHG reduction legislation and/or regulation becomes effective at the Federal
and/or state  levels, the Registrants could incur costs to further limit the GHG emissions from their operations or otherwise comply
with applicable requirements. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Matters and Regulation — Climate Change and "The
Registrants are potentially affected by emerging  technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry" above for
additional information.
The Utility Registrants' operating costs are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of
their delivery and operational systems (All Registrants).
Failures of the equipme nt or facilities used in the Utility Registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and
electric and natural gas delivery , which could result in a loss of revenues and an increase in maintenance and capital expenditures.
Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems
failure. Spec ifically , if the implementation of AMI, smart grid, or other technologies in the Utility  Registrants' service territory fail to
perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, or if any of the financial,
accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the Utility Registrants' financial results
could be negatively impacted. In addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational
system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are dif ficult to detect.
Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory , have generally been afforded
liability prote ctions again st claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however , ComEd could be required to
pay damage s to its customers in some circums tances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, which
could be material.
The Registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (All Registrants).
The Registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks. Threat sources continue to seek  to exploit potential vulnerabilities in
the electric and natural gas utility industry , grid infrastructure, and other energy infrastructures, and these attacks and disruptions,
both physical and cyber , are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. Continued implementation of advanced digital
technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks.
A security breach of the Registrants' physical assets or information systems or those of the Registrants competitors, vendors,
business partners and interconnected entities in RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet
and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappro priate release of certain types of
information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive customer , vendor , and employe e data, trading or other confidential
data. The risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to inten sify, and while the Registrants have
been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none have directly experienced a material
breach or disruption to its network or information systems or our operations. However , as such attacks continue to increase in
sophistication and frequency , the Registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future.
If a significan t breach were to occur , the Registrants' reputation could be negatively affected, customer confidence in the Registrants
or others in the industry could be diminished, or the Registrants could be subject to
37
Table of Contents
legal claims,  loss of revenues, increased costs, or operations shutdown. Moreover , the amount and scope of insurance maintained
against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately
compensate for any disruptions to business that could result.
The Utility Registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an
intentional disruption of the system by third parties.
In addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by
the Registrants or their business operations and could adversely af fect their consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers, and the general public could be exposed to a risk of
injury due to the nature of the energy industry (All Registrants).
Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to,
potentially dangerous environments near the Registrants’  operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers, and the
general public are at some risk for serious injury , including loss of life. These risks include gas explosions, pole strikes, and electric
contact cases.
Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic, and other significant events could negatively
impact the Registrants' results of operations, ability to raise capital and future growth (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters and extreme weather
events, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Utility Registrants’
service areas can also directly affect their capita l assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles
or damage to other operating equipment.
The impact that potentia l terrorist attacks could have on the industry and the Registrants is uncertain. The Registrants face a risk
that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror . Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained
military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel
supplies and markets, particularly oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of the
Registrants' facilities, which could adversely affect the Registrants' ability to manage their businesses effectively . Instability in the
financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recessio n, or other factors also could result
in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines
and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
The Registra nts could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic.
However , depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability , the ability
to operate Exelon's transmission and distribution assets could be adversely affected. See "The Registrants' results were negatively
affected by the impacts of COVID-19" above for additional information.
In addition, Exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property , casualty and
cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt
operations. However , there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and
casualty losses.
The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to
maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in transmission and distribution
infrastructure projects. Equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure,
including events that are beyond the Utility Registrants’  control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently . The
Registrants consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital
projects or raise the necessary capital.
38
Table of Contents
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS —
Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information regarding the Registrants’  potential future capital expenditures.
The Utility Registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs, and their capital
expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring
transmission systems (All Registrants).
Demand for electricity within the Utility Registra nts' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative
routing or curtailment of electricity usage. Also, insuf ficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize
the Utility Registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulat ory agency relationships. As with all
utilities, potential concer ns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in PJM or FERC requiring the
Utility Registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
PJM’ s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of
one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. However , service interruptions at other utilities may
cause interruptions in the Utility Registrants’  service areas.
The Registrants' performance could be negatively affected if they fail to attract and retain an appropriately
qualified workforce (All Registrants).
Certain events, such as the separation transaction, an employee strike, loss of employees, loss of contract resources due to a major
event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the
Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill
development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, produc tivity costs, and safety costs, could
arise. The Registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for
their transmission and distribution operations.
The Registrants could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which
may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated initiatives, such as smart grids and utility of the future.
These risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery , regulatory concerns, cybersecurity , and obsolescence of technology . Such
initiatives may not be successful.
Risks Related to the Separation (Exelon)
The separation may not achieve some or all of the benefits anticipated by Exelon and, following the separation,
Exelon's common stock price may underperform relative to Exelon's expectations.
By separating the Utility Registrants and Generation, Exelon created two publicly traded compan ies with the resources necessary to
best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating excellence. The separate companies are expected to create
value by having the strategic flexibility to focus on their unique customer , market and community  priorities. However , the separation
may not provide such results on the scope or scale that Exelon anticipates, and Exelon may not realize the anticipated benefits of
the separation. Failure to do so could have a material adverse ef fect on Exelon's financial statements and its common stock price.
In connection with the separation into two public companies, Exelon and Generation will indemnify each other
for certain liabilities. If Exelon is required to pay under these indemnities to Generation, Exelon's financial
results could be negatively impacted. The Generation indemnities may not be sufficient to hold Exelon
harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which Generation will be allocated responsibility, and
Generation may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.
39
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the separation agreement and certain other agreements between Exelon and Generation, each party will agree to
indemnify the other for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. Indemnities that Exelon may be required to provide
Generation are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact its business. Third parties could also seek to
hold Exelon responsible for any of the liabilitie s that Generation has agreed to retain. Any amounts Exelon is required to pay
pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require Exelon to divert cash that would otherwise have been
used in furtherance of its operating business. Further , the indemnities from Generation for Exelon's benefit may not be sufficient to
protect Exelon against the full amount of such liabilities, and Generation may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification
obligations.
Moreover , even if Exelon ultimately succeeds in recovering from Generation any amounts for which Exelon is held liable, Exelon
may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect Exelon's business, results of operations
and financial condition.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS
All Registrants
None.
40
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Generation
The following table presents Generation’ s interests in net electric generating capacity by station at December 31, 2021:
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
Midwest
Braidwood Braidwood, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,386 
Byron Byron, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,347 
LaSalle Seneca, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,320 
Dresden Morris, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 1,845 
Quad Cities Cordova, IL 2 75 Uranium Base-load 1,403 
Clinton Clinton, IL 1 Uranium Base-load 1,080 
Michigan Wind 2 Sanilac Co., MI 50 51 Wind Intermittent 46 
Beebe Gratiot Co., MI 34 51 Wind Intermittent 42 
Michigan Wind 1 Huron Co., MI 46 51 Wind Intermittent 35 
Harvest 2 Huron Co., MI 33 51 Wind Intermittent 30 
Harvest Huron Co., MI 32 51 Wind Intermittent 27 
Beebe 1B Gratiot Co., MI 21 51 Wind Intermittent 26 
Blue Breezes Faribault Co., MN 2 Wind Intermittent 3 
CP Windfarm Faribault Co., MN 2 51 Wind Intermittent 2 
Southeast Chicago Chicago, IL 8 Gas Peaking 296 
Clinton Battery Storage Blanchester , OH 1 Energy Storage Peaking 10 
Total Midwest 11,898 
Mid-Atlantic
Limerick Sanatoga, P A 2 Uranium Base-load 2,317 
Calvert Clif fs Lusby , MD 2 Uranium Base-load 1,789 
Peach Bottom Delta, P A 2 50 Uranium Base-load 1,324 
SalemLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 2 42.59 Uranium Base-load 995 
Conowingo Darlington, MD 11 Hydroelectric Base-load 572 
Criterion Oakland, MD 28 51 Wind Intermittent 36 
Fair Wind Garrett County , MD 12 Wind Intermittent 30 
Fourmile Ridge Garrett County , MD 16 51 Wind Intermittent 20 
Solar Horizons Emmitsburg, MD 1 51 Solar Intermittent 16 
Solar New Jersey 3 Middle Township, NJ 4 51 Solar Intermittent 2 
Muddy Run Drumore, P A 8 Hydroelectric Intermediate 1,070 
Eddystone 3, 4 Eddystone, P A 2 Oil/Gas Peaking 760 
Perryman Aberdeen, MD 5 Oil/Gas Peaking 404 
Croydon West Bristol, P A 8 Oil Peaking 391 
Handsome Lake Kennerdell, P A 5 Gas Peaking 268 (a)(b) (c)(d)
(e)
(e)
(f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(h)
(f)
(f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
41
Table of Contents
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
Richmond Philadelphia, P A 2 Oil Peaking 98 
Philadelphia Road Baltimore, MD 4 Oil Peaking 61 
Eddystone Eddystone, P A 4 Oil Peaking 60 
Delaware Philadelphia, P A 4 Oil Peaking 56 
Southwark Philadelphia, P A 4 Oil Peaking 52 
Falls Morrisville, P A 3 Oil Peaking 51 
MoserLower Pottsgrove
Twp., P A 3 Oil Peaking 51 
Chester Chester , PA 3 Oil Peaking 39 
Schuylkill Philadelphia, P A 2 Oil Peaking 30 
SalemLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 1 42.59 Oil Peaking 16 
Total Mid-Atlantic 10,508 
ERCOT
Whitetail Webb County , TX 57 51 Wind Intermittent 47 
SenderoJim Hogg and Zapata
County , TX 39 51 Wind Intermittent 40 
Colorado Bend II Wharton, TX 3 Gas Intermediate 1,143 
Wolf Hollow II Granbury , TX 3 Gas Intermediate 1,115 
Handley 3 Fort W orth, TX 1 Gas Intermediate 395 
Handley 4, 5 Fort W orth, TX 2 Gas Peaking 870 
Total ERCOT 3,610 
New York
Nine Mile Point Scriba, NY 2 Uranium Base-load 1,675 
FitzPatrick Scriba, NY 1 Uranium Base-load 842 
Ginna Ontario, NY 1 Uranium Base-load 576 
Total New York 3,093 
Other
Antelope V alley Lancaster , CA 1 Solar Intermittent 242 
Bluestem Beaver County , OK 60 51 Wind Intermittent 101 
Shooting Star Kiowa County , KS 65 51 Wind Intermittent 53 
Sacramento PV Energy Sacramento, CA 4 51 Solar Intermittent 30 
Bluegrass Ridge King City , MO 27 51 Wind Intermittent 29 (a)(b) (c) (d)
(f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(i) (f)
(g)(j) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
42
Table of Contents
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
Conception Barnard, MO 24 51 Wind Intermittent 26 
Cow Branch Rock Port, MO 24 51 Wind Intermittent 26 
Mountain Home Glenns Ferry , ID 20 51 Wind Intermittent 21 
High Mesa Elmore Co., ID 19 51 Wind Intermittent 20 
Echo 1 Echo, OR 21 50.49 Wind Intermittent 17 
Cassia Buhl, ID 14 51 Wind Intermittent 15 
Wildcat Lovington, NM 13 51 Wind Intermittent 14 
Echo 2 Echo, OR 10 51 Wind Intermittent 10 
Tuana Springs Hagerman, ID 8 51 Wind Intermittent 9 
Greensburg Greensburg, KS 10 51 Wind Intermittent 6 
Echo 3 Echo, OR 6 50.49 Wind Intermittent 5 
Three Mile Canyon Boardman, OR 6 51 Wind Intermittent 5 
Loess Hills Rock Port, MO 4 Wind Intermittent 5 
Denver Airport Solar Denver , CO 1 51 Solar Intermittent 4 
Mystic 8, 9 Charlestown, MA 6 Gas Intermediate 1,417 
HillabeeAlexander City , 
AL 3 Gas Intermediate 753 
Wyman 4 Yarmouth, ME 1 5.9 Oil Intermediate 34 
West Medway II West Medway , MA 2 Oil/Gas Peaking 189 
West Medway West Medway , MA 3 Oil Peaking 124 
Grand Prairie Alberta, Canada 1 Gas Peaking 105 
Framingham Framingham, MA 3 Oil Peaking 31 
Total Other 3,291 
Total 32,400 
__________
(a)All nuclear stations are boiling water reactors except Braidwood, Byron, Calvert Cliffs, Ginna, and Salem, which are pressurized water reactors.
(b)100%, unless otherwise indicated.
(c)Base-load units are plants that normally operate to take all or part of the minimum continuous load of a system and, consequently, produce
electricity at an essentially constant rate. Intermittent units are plants with output controlled by the natural variability of the energy resource
rather than dispatched based on system requirements. Intermediate units are plants that normally operate to take load of a system during the
daytime higher load hours and, consequently, produce electricity by cycling on and off daily. Peaking units consist of lower-efficiency, quick
response steam units, gas turbines and diesels normally used during the maximum load periods.
(d)For nuclear stations, capacity reflects the annual mean rating. Fossil stations and wind and solar facilities reflect a summer rating.
(e)On August 9, 2020, Generation announced it would permanently cease generation operations at Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021
and Mystic Unit 8 and 9 in 2024. On September 15, 2021, Generation reversed its previous decision to retire Byron and Dresden. See Note 7 —
Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(f)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share.
(g)Reflects the prior sale of 49% of CRP to a third party. See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
(h)Generation has deactivated the site and is evaluating for potential return of service or retirement beyond 2023.
(i)Generation wholly owns Nine Mile Point Unit 1 and has an 82% undivided ownership interest in Nine Mile Point Unit 2.
(j)CRP owns 100% of the Class A membership interests and a tax equity investor owns 100% of the Class B membership interests of the entity
that owns the Bluestem generating assets.
The net generation capability available for operation at any time may be less due to regulatory restrictions, transmission congestion,
fuel restrictions, ef ficiency of cooling facilities, level of water supplies, or generating(a)(b) (c) (d)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(e)
(f)
43
Table of Contents
units being temporarily out of service for inspection, maintenance, refueling, repairs, or modifications required by regulatory
authorities.
Generation maintains property insurance agains t loss or damage to its principal plants and properties by fire or other perils, subject
to certain exceptions. For additional information regarding nuclear insurance of generating facilities, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS —
Generation. For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed
the amount of insurance  maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on Generation’ s consolidated financial
condition or results of operations.
The Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants' electric substations and a portion of their transmission rights are located on property that they own. A
significant portion of their electric transmission and distribution facilities are located above or underneath highways, streets, other
public places, or property that others own. The Utility Registrants believe that they have satisfactory rights to use those places or
property in the form of permits, grants, easements, licenses, and franchise rights; however , they have not necessarily undertaken to
examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights rest.
Transmission and Distribution
The Utility Registrants’  high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2021 were as follows:
Voltage Circuit Miles
(Volts) ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
765,000 90 — — — — —
500,000 — 188 216 109 16 —
345,000 2,676 — — — — —
230,000 — 550 358 770 472 274
138,000 2,246 135 55 61 586 214
115,000 — — 700 25 — —
69,000 — 177 — — 567 667
___________
(a)    In addition, PECO, DPL, and ACE have an ownership interest located in Delaware and New Jersey. See Note 9 - Jointly Owned Electric Utility
Plant of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution system includes the following number of circuit miles of overhead and underground lines:
Circuit Miles ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Overhead 35,387 12,981 9,164 4,127 6,006 7,364
Underground 32,498 9,555 17,796 7,162 6,427 2,951
Gas
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL ’s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2021:
PECO BGE DPL
Transmission 9 152 8
Distribution 6,956 7,482 2,166
Service piping 6,479 6,407 1,473
Total 13,444 14,041 3,647(a)
(a)
44
Table of Contents
___________
(a)    DPL has a 10% undivided interest in approximately 8 miles of natural gas transmission mains located in Delaware which are used by DPL for its
natural gas operations and by 90% owner for distribution of natural gas to its electric generating facilities.
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL ’s natural gas facilities:
Registrant Facility LocationStorage Capacity
(mmcf)Send-out or Peaking
Capacity
(mmcf/day)
PECO LNG Facility West Conshohocken, P A 1,200 160
PECO Propane Air Plant Chester , PA 105 25
BGE LNG Facility Baltimore, MD 1,056 332
BGE Propane Air Plant Baltimore, MD 550 85
DPL LNG Facility Wilmington, DE 250 25
PECO, BGE, and DPL  also own 30, 30, and 10 natural gas city gate stations and direct pipeline customer delivery points at various
locations throughout their gas service territory , respectively .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principa l properties of ComEd, PECO, PEPCO, DPL, and ACE are subject to the lien of their respective Mortgages under which
their respective First Mortgage Bonds are issued. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agree ments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants maintain property insurance against loss or damage to their properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain
exceptions. For their insured losses, the Utility Registrants are self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy
deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolidated
financial condition or results of operations of the Utility Registrants.
Exelon
Security Measures
The Registra nts have initiated and work to main tain security measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced
security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term  design changes, and redundancy
measures. Additionally , the energy industry has strategic relationships with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans
are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the country’ s energy systems.
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS
All Registrants
The Registrants are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. For
information regarding material lawsuits and proceedings, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and
Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Such descriptions are incorporated herein by these
references.
45
Table of Contents
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable
46
Table of Contents
PART II
(Dollars in millions except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES
Exelon
Exelon’ s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq  (trading symbol: EXC). As of January 31, 2022, there were 980,136,968 shares of
common stock outstanding and approximately 85,423 record holders of common stock.
Stock Performance Graph
The performance graph below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns base d on an initial investment of $100 in
Exelon common stock, as compared with the S&P  500 Stock Index and the S&P  Utility Index, for the period 2017 through 2021.
This performance chart assumes:
•$100 invested on December 31, 2016 in Exelon common stock, the S&P  500 Stock Index, and the S&P  Utility Index; and
•All dividends are reinvested.
47
Table of Contents
Value of Investment at December 31,
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Exelon Corporation $100 $115.05 $136.13 $141.96 $136.44 $192.94
S&P 500 $100 $121.83 $116.49 $153.17 $181.35 $233.41
S&P Utilities $100 $112.11 $116.71 $147.46 $148.18 $174.36
ComEd
As of January 31, 2022 , there were 127,021,391 outstanding shares of common stock, $12.50 par value, of ComEd, of which
127,002,904 shares were indirectly held by Exelon. At January 31, 2022, in addition to Exelon , there were 285 record holders of
ComEd common stock. There is no established market for shares of the common stock of ComEd.
PECO
As of January 31, 2022, there were 170,478,507 outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of PECO, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
BGE
As of January 31, 2022 , there were 1,000 outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of BGE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
PHI
As of January 31, 2022, Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in PHI.
Pepco
As of January 31, 2022, there were 100 outstand ing shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of Pepco, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
DPL
As of January 31, 2022, there were 1,000 outstanding shares of common stock, $2.25 par value , of DPL, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
ACE
As of Janua ry 31, 2022, there were 8,546,017 outstanding shares of common stock, $3.00 par value, of ACE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
All Registrants
Dividends
Under applicable Federal law, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed
or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, or ACE may limit the dividends that these
companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with a financin g arranged through ComEd Financing III that ComEd will not declare dividends on
any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated
debt securities issued to ComEd Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
48
Table of Contents
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be below 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC or (b) Pepco’ s
senior unsec ured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity
levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DEPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL’s senior unsecured credit rating is
rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common  shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three
major credit rating agencies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requires ACE to obtain the
prior approval of the NJBPU before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization, excluding securitization
debt, falls below 30%. No such events have occurred.
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2022. The 2022 quarterly dividend will be $0.3375 per share.
At December 31, 2021, Exelon had retained earnings of $16,942 million, ComEd’ s retained earnings of $1,691 million consisting of
retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $3,330 million, partially offset by $1,639 million of unappropriated accumulated
deficits, PECO’ s retained earnings of $1,684 million, BGE’ s retained earnings of $1,995 million, and PHI's undistributed losses of
$210 million.
The following table sets forth Exelon’ s quarterly cash dividends per share paid during 2021 and 2020:
2021 2020
(per share)Fourth
QuarterThird
QuarterSecond
QuarterFirst
QuarterFourth
QuarterThird
QuarterSecond
QuarterFirst
Quarter
Exelon $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 
49
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth PHI's quarterly distributions and ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's quarterly
common dividend payments:
2021 2020
(in millions)4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter
ComEd 127 127 126 127 126 124 124 125 
PECO 85 85 84 85 85 85 85 85 
BGE 73 73 72 74 60 62 62 62 
PHI 98 191 333 81 102 183 134 134 
Pepco 47 98 95 28 58 73 73 28 
DPL 41 43 23 40 42 33 14 52 
ACE 8 51 215 14 3 76 12 23 
First Quarter 2022 Dividend
On February  8, 2022, Exelon's Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.3375 per share on Exelon’ s common
stock for the first quarter of 2022. The dividend is payable on Monday , March 10, 2022, to shareholders of record of Exelon as of 5
p.m. Eastern time on Friday , February 25, 2022.
50
Table of Contents
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL  DATA
Not Applicable
51
Table of Contents
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
(Dollars in millions except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
Exelon
Executive Overview
As of December 31, 2021, Exelon was a utility services holding company engaged in the generation, delivery , and marketing of
energy through Generation and the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE.
Exelon has eleven reportable segments consisting of Generation’ s five reportable segments (Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York,
ERCOT , and Other Power Regions), ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
and Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding Exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
Exelon’ s consolidated financial information includes the results of its seven separate operat ing subsidiary registrants, ComEd,
PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE and its subsidiary Generation. The following combined Management’ s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations summarizes results for the year ende d December 31, 2021 compared to
the year ended Decemb er 31, 2020, and is separately filed by Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. However ,
none of the Registrants makes any representatio n as to information related solely to any of the other Registrants. For discussion of
the year ended December 31, 2020 compare d to the year ended December 31, 2019, refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS in the 2020 Form 10-K, which was
filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021.
COVID-19.  The Registrants have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbreak (pandemic) of COVID-19.
The Registrants provide a critical service to our customers which means that it is paramount  that we keep our employees who
operate our businesses safe and minimize unnecessary risk of exposure to the virus by taking extra precautions for employees who
work in the field and in our facilities. The Registrants have implemented work from home polici es where appropriate, and imposed
travel limitations on employees.
The Registrants continue to implement strong physical and cyber-security measures to ensure that our systems remain functional in
order to both serve our operational needs with a remote workforce and keep them running to ensure uninterrupted service to our
customers.
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting as a result of COVID-19 that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, any of the Registra nts’ internal control over financial reporting. See ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES for additional information.
Unfavorable economic conditions due to COVID-19 resulted in an estimated reduction to Exelon’ s Net income of approximately $245
million for the year ende d December 31, 2020. The impact was not material for the year ended  December 31, 2021. To offset the
unfavorable impacts from COVID-19, Exelon identified approximately $250 million in cost savings in 2020. The cost savings
achieved in 2020 were higher than originally anticipated.
The Registra nts assessed long-lived assets, goodwill, and investments for recoverability and there were no material impairment
charges recorded in 2020 or 2021 as a result of COVID-19. See Note 12 — Asset Impairments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to other impairment assessments.
The Registrants will continue to monitor developments affecting their workforce, customers, and suppliers and will take additional
precautions that they determine to be necessary in order to mitigate the impacts. The Registrants cannot predict the full extent of the
impacts of COVID-19, which will depend on, among other things, the rate, and public perceptions of the effectiveness, of
vaccinations and rate of resumption of business activity .
52
Table of Contents
Financial Results of Operations
GAAP  Results of Operations. The following table sets forth Exelon's GAAP  consolidated Net Income attributable to common
shareholders by Registrant or subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared  to the same period in 2020. For
additional information regarding the financial results for the years ended December 31, 2021  and 2020 see the discussions of
Results of Operations by Registrant or subsidiary .
2021 2020(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Exelon $ 1,706 $ 1,963 $ (257)
ComEd 742 438 304 
PECO 504 447 57 
BGE 408 349 59 
PHI 561 495 66 
Pepco 296 266 30 
DPL 128 125 3 
ACE 146 112 34 
Generation (205) 589 (794)
Other (304) (355) 51 
__________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020.  Net income attributable to common
shareholders  decreased by $257 million and diluted earnings per average common share decreased to $1.74 in 2021 from $2.01 in
2020 primarily due to:
•Impacts of the February 2021 extreme cold weather event;
•Accelerated depreciation  and amortization associated with Generation's previous decision in the third quarter of 2020
to early retire Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021, a decision which was reversed on September 15, 2021,
and Generation's decision in the third quarter of 2020 to early retire Mystic Units 8 and 9 in 2024;
•Decommissioning-related activities that were not offset for the Byron units beginning in the second quarter of 2021
through September 15, 2021. With Generation's September 15, 2021 reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron,
Generation resumed contractual of fset for Byron as of that date;
•Impairments at Generation of the New England asset group, the Albany Green Energy biomass facility , and a wind
project, partially of fset by the absence of an impairment of the New England asset group in the third quarter of 2020;
•Higher net unrealized and realized losses on equity investments; and
•The absence of prior year one-time tax settlements.
The decreases were partially of fset by;(a)
53
Table of Contents
•Higher electric distribution earnings from higher rate base and higher allowed ROE due to an increase in treasury rates
at ComEd;
•The favorable impacts of the multi-year plan at BGE and Pepco and regulatory rate increases at DPL  and ACE;
•Favorable weather conditions at PECO and DPL's Delaware service territory;
•Favorable volume at PECO and ACE;
•Lower storm costs at PECO and DPL  due to the absence of the June 2020 and August 2020 storms, respectively;
•Lower operating and maintenance expense at ComEd due to the payments that ComEd made in 2020 under the
Deferred Prosecution Agreement;
•Higher mark-to-market gains;
•Higher net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•Absence of one time charges recorded in the third quarter of 2020 associated with Generation's decision to early retire
the Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities and Mystic Units 8 and 9, and the reversal of one-time charges resulting from
the reversal of the previous decision to early retire Byron and Dresden on September 15, 2021;
•Favorable sales and hedges of excess emission credits;
•Favorable commodity prices on fuel hedges;
•Lower nuclear fuel costs due to accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel and lower prices; and
•Higher New York ZEC revenues due to higher generation and an increase in ZEC prices.
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. In addition to net incom e, Exelon evaluates its operating performance using the
measure of Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the
ongoing operations of the business. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses,
and other specified items. This information is intended to enhance an investor ’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating
results and provide an indication of Exelon’ s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to
be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. In addition, this information is among the primary indicators
management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning
and forecasting of future periods. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not
be comparable to other  companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this
report.
54
Table of Contents
The following table provides a reconciliation between Net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance
with GAAP  and Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2020: 
For the Years Ended December 31,
2021 2020
(In millions, except per share data)Earnings per
Diluted ShareEarnings per
Diluted Share
Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders $ 1,706  $ 1.74 $ 1,963  $ 2.01 
Mark-to-Market Impact of Economic Hedging Activities (net of taxes of $145
and $73, respectively) (421) (0.43) (213) (0.22)
Unrealized Gains Related to NDT  Fund Investments (net of taxes of $141 and
$278, respectively) (139) (0.14) (256) (0.26)
Asset Impairments (net of taxes of $136 and $135, respectively) 405 0.41 396 0.41 
Plant Retirements and Divestitures (net of taxes of $290 and $244,
respectively) 865 0.88 718 0.74 
Cost Management Program (net of taxes of $2 and $14, respectively) 9 0.01 45 0.05 
Asset Retirement Obligation (net of taxes of $12 and $16, respectively) (35) (0.04) 48 0.05 
Change in Environmental Liabilities (net of taxes of $3 and $6, respectively) 9 0.01 18 0.02 
COVID-19 Direct Costs (net of taxes of $13 and $19, respectively) 36 0.04 50 0.05 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement Payments (net of taxes of $0) — — 200 0.20 
Acquisition Related Costs (net of taxes of $5 and $1, respectively) 15 0.02 4 — 
ERP System Implementation Costs (net of taxes of $4 and $1, respectively) 13 0.01 3 — 
Separation Costs (net of taxes of $31) 90 0.09 — — 
Costs Related to Suspension of Contractual Of fset (net of taxes of $45) 148 0.15 — — 
Income Tax-Related Adjustments (entire amount represents tax expense) 47 0.05 71 0.07 
Noncontrolling Interests (net of taxes of $2 and $19, respectively) 16 0.02 103 0.11 
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings $ 2,764  $ 2.82 $ 3,149  $ 3.22 
__________
Note:
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
Unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between GAAP Net Income and Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings is
based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each Registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is
taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. For all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds, the marginal
statutory income tax rates for 2021 and 2020 ranged from 25.0% to 29.0%. Under IRS regulations, NDT fund investment returns are taxed at different
rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified funds. The effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds
were 50.4% and 52.1% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(a)Reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on Generation’s NDT fund investments for Non-Regulatory Agreement Units.
(b)In 2021, reflects an impairment of the New England asset group, an impairment recorded as a result of the agreement to sell the Albany Green
Energy biomass facility, and an impairment of a wind project at Generation. In 2020, reflects an impairment at ComEd related to the acquisition
of transmission assets and an impairment of the New England asset group in the third quarter of 2020 at Generation.
(c)In 2021, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with Generation's decisions to early retire Byron, Dresden, and
Mystic Units 8 and 9, partially offset by reversal of one-time charges resulting from the reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron and
Dresden on September 15, 2021 and a gain on sale of Generation's solar business. Depreciation for Byron and Dresden was adjusted
beginning September 15, 2021 to reflect the extended useful life estimates. In 2020, primarily reflects one-time charges and accelerated
depreciation and amortization expenses(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
(i)
(j)
(k)
(l)
(m)
55
Table of Contents
associated with Generation’s decisions in the third quarter of 2020 to early retire Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and Mystic Units 8
and 9 in 2024.
(d)Primarily represents reorganization and severance costs related to cost management programs.
(e)For Generation, reflects an adjustment to the nuclear asset obligation for the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units resulting from the annual update
in the third quarter of 2021 and fourth quarter of 2020, respectively.
(f)Represents direct costs related to COVID-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies
and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the health of employees.
(g)Reflects the payments made by ComEd under the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, which ComEd entered in July 2020 with the U.S. Attorney’s
Office for the Northern District of Illinois.
(h)Reflects costs related to the acquisition of EDF's interest in CENG, which was completed in the third quarter of 2021.
(i)Reflects costs related to a multi-year Enterprise Resource Program (ERP) system implementation.
(j)Represents costs related to the separation primarily comprised of system-related costs, third-party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers,
and other experts assisting in the planned separation, and employee-related severance costs.
(k)Decommissioning-related activities for the former ComEd and PECO units (Regulatory Agreement Units), net of applicable taxes, including
realized and unrealized gains and losses on the NDT funds, depreciation of the ARC, and accretion of the decommissioning obligation, are
generally offset within Exelon’s consolidated statements of operations. These costs reflect the impact of suspension of contractual offset for the
Byron units beginning in the second quarter of 2021 through September 15, 2021. With Generation's September 15, 2021 reversal of the
previous decision to retire Byron, Generation resumed contractual offset for Byron as of that date.
(l)In 2021, primarily reflects the recognition of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset associated with Delaware net operating loss
carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. In 2021 and 2020, also reflects the adjustment to deferred income taxes due to changes in
forecasted apportionment.
(m)Represents elimination from Generation’s results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items, primarily related to unrealized
gains and losses on NDT fund investments for CENG units prior to Generation's acquisition of EDF's interest in CENG on August 6, 2021 and
the noncontrolling interest portion of a wind project impairment.
Significant 2021 Transactions and Developments
Separation
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating
excellence ("the separation"). The separation gives each company the financial and strategic independence to focus on its specific
customer needs, while executing its core business strategy . Exelon completed the separation on February 1, 2022. The new publicly
traded company is Cons tellation Energy Corporation. See Note 26 — Separation of the Combin ed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
In connectio n with the separation, Exelon incurred transaction costs of $122 million on a pre-tax basis for the year ended December
31, 2021, which are recorded in Operating and maintenance expense. Exelon expects to incur incremental transaction costs of
approximately $90 million in 2022. These costs are excluded from Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. The transaction costs
are primarily comprised of system-related costs, third-party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers, and other experts assisting
in the separation, and employee-related severance costs.
CENG Put Option
EDF had the option to sell its 49.99% equity interest in CENG to Generation exercisable beginning on January 1, 2016 and
thereafter until June 30, 2022. On November 20, 2019, Generation received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercise the put option and
sell its 49.99% equity interest in CENG to Generation and the put automatically exercised on January 19, 2020 at the end of the
sixty-day advance notice period. On August 6, 2021, Generation and EDF entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which
Generation, through a wholly owned subsidiary , purchased EDF’ s equity interest in CENG for a net purchase price of $885 million,
which includ es, among other things, an adjustment for EDF’ s share of the balance of the preferr ed distribution payable by CENG to
Generation. The difference between the net purchase price and EDF’ s noncontrolling interest as of the closing date was recorded to
Common Stock in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
In connectio n with the settlement agreement, on August 6, 2021, Generation issued approximately $880 million under a term loan
credit agreement to fund the transaction, which will expire on August 5, 2022.
56
Table of Contents
See Note Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Clean Energy Law
On Septemb er 15, 2021, the Illinois Public Act 102-0662 was signed into law by the Governor of Illinois (“Clean Energy Law”). The
Clean Energy Law is designed to achieve 100% carbon-free power by 2045 to enable the state’ s transition to a clean energy
economy . The Clean Energy Law establishes decarbonization requirements for Illinois as well as programs to support the retention
and develop ment of emissions-free sources of electricity . Among other things, the Clean Energy Law authorized the IPA to procure
up to 54.5 million CMC s from qualifying nuclear plants for a five-year period beginning on June 1, 2022 through May 31, 2027.
CMCs are credits for the carbon-free attributes of eligible nuclear power plants in PJM. The Byron, Dresden, and Braidwood nuclear
plants located in Illinois participated in the CMC procurement process and were awarded contracts that commit each plant to operate
through May 31, 2027. Pursuant to these contrac ts, ComEd will procure CMCs based upon the number of MWhs produced annually
by each plant, subject to minimum performance requirements. ComEd is required to purchase CMCs pursuant to these contracts
and all its costs of doing so will be recovered through a new rider .
Following enactment of the Clean Energy Law, Generation announced on September 15, 2021, that it has reversed the previous
decision to retire Byron and Dresden given the opportunity for additional revenue. In addition, Generation no longer considers the
Braidwood or LaSalle nuclear plants to be at risk for premature retirement. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information and Early Retirement of Generation Facilities below .
The Clean Energy Law also contains requirements associated with ComEd’ s transition away from the performance-based electric
distribution formula rate. The law authorizing that rate setting process sunsets at the end of 2022. The Clean Energy Law, and tariffs
adopted under it, governs both the remaining reconciliations of rates set under that process and requires ComEd to file in 2023 its
choice of either a genera l rate case or a four-yea r multi-year plan to set rates that take effect in 2024. If ComEd elects to file a multi-
year plan, that plan would set rates for 2024 – 2027, based on forecasted revenue requirements and an ICC determined rate of
return on rate base, including the cost of common equity . See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information and other features of the Clean Energy Law .
Early Retirement of Generation Facilities
In August 2020, Generat ion announced the inten tion to retire the Byron Generating Station in September 2021, Dresden Generating
Station in November 2021, and Mystic Units 8 and 9 at the expiration of the cost of service commitment in May 2024. As a result,
Exelon recognized a $500 million pre-tax impairment for the New England asset group along with certain one-time charges in the
third and fourth quarters of 2020 in addition to ongoing annual financial impacts stemming from shortening the expected economic
useful lives of these facilities, primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any ARC) and accelerated
amortization of nuclear fuel.
In the second quarter of 2021, an incremental decline in value resulted in an additional pre-tax impairment charge of $350 million for
the New England asset group.
Exelon recorded pre-tax charges of $53 million and $140 million, in the second and third quarters of 2021, respectively , for
decommissioning-related activities that were not offset for the Byron units due to the inability to recognize a regulatory asset at
ComEd.
On September 15, 2021 , Generation reversed the previous decision to early retire Byron and Dresden and the expected economic
useful life for both faciliti es was updated to 2044 and 2046 for Byron Units 1 and 2, respectively , and to 2029 and 2031 for Dresden
Units 2 and 3, respective ly. Depreciation was therefore adjusted beginning September 15, 2021, to reflect these extended useful life
estimates. In addition, in the third quarter of 2021, Exelon reversed approximately $81 million of severance benefit costs and $13
million of other one-time charges initially recorded in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 associated with the early retirements.
All of the charges were excluded from Exelon's Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings.
57
Table of Contents
Exelon recognized pre-tax expenses for Byron, Dresden, and Mystic Units 8 and 9 of $1,458 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, primarily due to accelerated depreciation and amortization of plant assets, partially  offset by the reversal of one-time
charges for Byron and Dresden.
See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements, Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations, and Note 12 — Asset Impairments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Impacts of the February 2021 Extreme Cold W eather Event and T exas-based Generating Assets Outages
Beginning on February 15, 2021, Generation’ s Texas-based generating assets within the ERCOT  market, specifically Colorado Bend
II, Wolf Hollow II, and Handley , experienced outages as a result of extreme cold weather conditions. In addition, those weather
conditions drove increased demand for service, dramatically increased wholesale power prices, and also increased gas prices in
certain regions.
The estimated impact to Exelon’ s Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 arisin g from these market and weather
conditions was a reducti on of approximately $800 million. The ultimate impact to Exelon’ s conso lidated financial statements may be
affected by a number of factors, including the impacts of customer and counterparty defaults and recoveries, any additional solutions
to address the financial challenges caused by the event, and related litigation and contract disputes. See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
To offset a portion of the unfavorable impacts, Exelon identified between $410 million and $490 million of enhanced revenue
opportunities, deferral of selected non-essential  maintenance, and primarily one-time cost savings, primarily at Generation, which
was achieved in 2021.
Agreement for the Sale of a Generation Biomass Facility
On April 28, 2021, Generation and ReGenerate Energy Holdings, LLC ("ReGenerate") entered into a purchase agreement, under
which ReGe nerate agree d to purchase Generation's interest in the Albany Green Energy biomass facility . As a result, in the second
quarter of 2021, Exelon recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $140 million which is excluded from Exelon’ s Adjusted (non-GAAP)
Operating Earnings. The sale was completed on June 30, 2021 for a net purchase price of $36 million. Note 2 — Mergers,
Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Utility Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric
transmission and distribution, and gas distribut ion rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The
outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future financial statements.
The following tables show the Utility Registrants’  completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2021. See Note
3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additi onal information on these and other
regulatory proceedings.
58
Table of Contents
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - IllinoisApril 16, 2020 Electric $ (11) $ (14) 8.38 %December 9,
2020January 1,
2021
April 16, 2021 Electric 51 46 7.36 %December 1,
2021January 1,
2022
PECO -
PennsylvaniaSeptember 30,
2020Natural
Gas69 29 10.24 %June 22,
2021July 1, 2021
March 30, 2021 Electric 246 132 N/ANovember
18, 2021January 1,
2022
BGE - MarylandMay 15, 2020
(amended
September 11,
2020)Electric 203 140 9.50 %December
16, 2020January 1,
2021 Natural
Gas108 74 9.65 %
Pepco - District of
ColumbiaMay 30, 2019
(amended June 1,
2020)Electric 136 109 9.275 %June 8, 2021 July 1, 2021
Pepco - MarylandOctober 26, 2020
(amended March
31, 2021)Electric 104 52 9.55 %June 28,
2021June 28,
2021
DPL - DelawareMarch 6, 2020
(amended
February 2, 2021)Electric 23 14 9.60 %September
15, 2021October 6,
2020
ACE - New JerseyDecember 9, 2020
(amended
February 26, 2021)Electric 67 41 9.60 %July 14, 2021January 1,
2022
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
DPL - Delaware January 14, 2022Natural
Gas$ 14 10.30 % First quarter of 2023
DPL - MarylandSeptember 1, 2021
(amended December
23, 2021)Electric 27 10.10 % First quarter of 2022
59
Table of Contents
Transmission Formula Rates
The following total incre ases/(decreases) were included in the Utility Registrants' 2021 annua l electric transmission formula rate
updates. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)Annual
Reconciliation
IncreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseAllowed Return on
Rate Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 33 $ 12 $ 45 8.20 % 11.50 %
PECO (2) 26 24 7.37 % 10.35 %
BGE 38 27 65 7.35 % 10.50 %
Pepco (9) 21 12 7.68 % 10.50 %
DPL 19 33 52 7.20 % 10.50 %
ACE 27 24 51 7.45 % 10.50 %
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies
Utility Rates and Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission
and distribut ion, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The outcomes of these
regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future results of operations, cash flows, and financial positions.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information on these
regulatory proceedings.
Legislative and Regulatory Developments
FERC Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
On April 15, 2021, FERC issued a Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOPR) propo sing to modify the current regulation
permitting a continuous 50-basis-point ROE incentive adder for a transmission utility that joins and remains a member of a RTO.
Under the NOPR, the ROE incentive adder would only be available for a period of up to three years after a transmission utility newly
joins a RTO and all existing ROE incentive adders would end for transmission utilities that have been members for three or more
years. The Utility Registrants’  existing transmissi on rates include the ROE incentive adder . Exelo n submitted comments to FERC on
this matter on June 25, 2021. Exelon cannot predict the outcome, but a final rule as proposed could have an adverse impact to the
Registrants’  financial statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the Utility Registrants’  transmission formula rates and regulatory proceedings at FERC.
City of Chicago Franchise Agreement
ComEd has had a Franchise Agreement with the City of Chicago (the City) since 1992. The Franchise Agreement grants rights to
use the public right of way to install, maintain, and operate the wires, poles, and other infrastruc ture required to deliver electricity to
residents and businesses across the City. The Franchise Agreement became terminable on one year notice as of December 31,
2020. It now continues in effect indefinitely unles s and until either party issues a notice of termina tion, effective one year later, or it is
replaced by mutual agreement with a new franchise agreement between ComEd and the City. If either party terminates and no new
agreement is reached between the parties, the parties could continue with ComEd providing electric services within the City with no
franchise agreement in place. The City also has an option to terminate and purchase the ComEd  system (“municipalize”), which also
requires one year notice. Neither party has issued a
60
Table of Contents
notice of termination at this time, the City has not exercised its municipalization option, and no new agreement has been reached.
Accordingly , the 1992 Franchise Agreement remains in effect at this time. In April 2021, the City invited interested parties to respond
to a Request for Information (RFI) regarding the franchise for electricity delivery . Under this process, the City could choose to
terminate the ComEd Franchise Agreement on one year notice and grant a franchise to another party instead. Final responses to the
RFI were due on July 30, 2021, however , on July 29, 2021, the City chose to extend the final submission deadline to September 30,
2021. ComEd submitted its response to the RFI by the due date and looks forward to continuing engagement with the City about its
response. While Exelon and ComEd cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the RFI and the Franchise Agreement, fundamental
changes in the agreeme nt or other adverse actions affecting ComEd’ s business in the City would require changes in their business
planning models and operations and could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s consolidated financial
statements. If the City were to disconnect from the ComEd system, ComEd would seek full compensation for the business and its
associated property taken by the City, as well as for all damages resulting to ComEd and its system. ComEd would also seek
appropriate compensation for stranded costs with FERC.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP  requires that management apply accounting policies and make
estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial
statements. Management believes that the acco unting policies described below require significant judgment in their application or
incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Additional
information on the application of these accou nting policies can be found in the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon)
Exelon recorded AROs associated with decommissioning Generation's nuclear units of $12.7 billion  at December 31, 2021. The
authoritative guidance requires that Generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating
plants. To estimate that liability , Generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which,
on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
As a result of nuclear plant retirements in the industry , in recent years, nuclear operators and third-party service providers are
obtaining more information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. At the same time, regulators are gaining more
information about decom missioning activities which could result in changes to existing decomm issioning requirements. In addition,
as more nuclear plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead
to a reduction in decommissioning costs. The amount of NDT funds could also impact the timing of the decommissioning activities.
Additionally , certain factors such as changes in regulatory requirements during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant
could impact the timing of plant retirements.
The nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key
assumptions for the expected timing and/or estim ated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the
nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
Decommissioning Cost Studies. Generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment
of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current
decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. Decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis,
for each of Generation’ s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. As part of the
annual cost study update process, Generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs
to determine  if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the AROs across
the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
Cost Escalation Factors. Generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the
decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. Cost escalation
studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are
61
Table of Contents
based on inflation indice s for labor , equipment and materials, energy , LLRW disposal, and other costs. All the nuclear AROs are
adjusted each year for updated cost escalation factors.
Probabilistic Cash Flow Models. Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various
scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis.
Probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% highe r (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower
(low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario . The assumed decommissioning scenarios generally include the following three
alternatives: (1) DECON, which assumes major decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2)
Shortened SAFST OR, which generally assumes a 30-year delay prior to onset of major decommissioning activities, and (3)
SAFST OR, which assumes the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition during decommissioning so that the
nuclear facility can be safely stored and subs equently decontaminated within 60 years after cessation of operations. In each
decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until DOE acceptance for disposal.
The actual decommissio ning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by Generation at the time of
shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the NDT funds at the time of shutdown and
regulatory or other commitments.
The assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the
original 40-year nuclear  license term, (2) the probability of operating through an initial 20-year license renewal term, (3) the
probability of a second,  20-year license renewal term, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to
changing market conditions and regulatory environments. As power market and regulatory environment developments occur ,
Generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary , the impacts of such developments into its nuclear ARO assumptions and
estimates.
Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of DOE acceptance of SNF for disposal.
Generation currently assumes DOE will begin accepting SNF from the industry in 2035. The SNF acceptance date assumption is
based on management’ s estimates of the amount of time required for DOE to select a site location and develop the necessary
infrastructure for long-term SNF storage. For additional information regarding SNF, see Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Discount Rates. The probability-weighted  estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using
credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (CARFR). Generation initially recognizes an ARO at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes
to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assump tions. The ARO is not required or
permitted to be re-measured for changes in the CARFR that occur in isolation. Increases in the ARO due to upward revisions in
estimated undiscounted  cash flows are considered new obligations and are measured using a current CARFR as the increase
creates a new cost layer within the ARO. Any decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the ARO are
treated as a modification  of an existing ARO cost layer and, therefore, are measured using the average historical CARFR rates used
in creating the initial ARO cost layers. If all of Generation's future nominal cash flows associated with the ARO were to be discounted
at the current prevailing CARFR, the obligation would increase from approximately $12.7 billion to approximately $16.0 billion.
The following table illustrates the significant impa ct that changes in the CARFR, when combined  with changes in projected amounts
and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the ARO:
Change in the CARFR applied to the annual ARO update(Decrease) Increase to ARO as of
December 31, 2021
2020 CARFR rather than the 2021 CARFR $ (490)
2021 CARFR increased by 50 basis points (600)
2021 CARFR decreased by 50 basis points 750 
62
Table of Contents
ARO Sensitivities. Changes in the assumptions underlying the ARO could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. The
impact of a change in any one of these assumptions to the ARO is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may
correspondingly change.
The following table illustrates the ef fects of changing certain ARO assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant:
Change in ARO AssumptionIncrease to ARO as of December
31, 2021
Cost escalation studies
Uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points $ 2,900 
Probabilistic cash flow models
Increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent 1,110 
Increase the likelihood of the DECON scenario by 10 percent and decrease the likelihood of the
SAFST OR scenario by 10 percent 480 
Shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent 1,570 
Extend the estimated date for DOE acceptance of SNF to 2040 290 
__________
(a)Excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
(b)Excludes any retired sites.
See Note 1 — Significan t Accounting Policies and Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for nuclear AROs.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, and PHI)
As of December 31, 2021, Exelon’ s $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists primarily of $2.6 billion at ComEd and $4 billion
at PHI. These entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more
frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units
below their carrying amount. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a
component) and is the level at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. ComEd has a single operating segment and reporting unit.
PHI’s operating segments and reporting units are Pepco, DPL, and ACE. See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Exelon's and ComEd’ s goodwill has been assigned entirely to
the ComEd reporting unit. Exelon's and PHI’s goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL, and ACE reporting units in the
amounts of $2.1 billion,  $1.4 billion, and $0.5 billion, respectively . See Note 13 — Intangible  Assets of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd, and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
Application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, and projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco's,
DPL's, and ACE's businesses and the fair value of debt.
While the 2021 annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to
changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s,
ComEd's, or PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 13 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.(a)
(b)
63
Table of Contents
Unamortized Energy Contract Assets and Liabilities (Exelon and PHI)
Unamortized energy contract assets and liabilitie s represent the remaining unamortized balance s of non-derivative energy contracts
that Generation has acquired and the electricity contracts Exelon acquired as part of the PHI merger . The initial amount recorded
represents the difference between the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition and the contract value based on the terms
of each contract. At Exelon and PHI, offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities were also recorded for those energy contract costs that
are probabl e of recovery or refund through customer rates. The unamortized energy contr act assets and liabilities and any
corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively , are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected
realization of the underlying cash flows. Amortization of the unamortized energy contract assets  and liabilities are recorded through
purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on the nature of the underlying contract. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters and Note 13 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets (Exelon)
Exelon regularly monitors and evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or
changes in circumstance s indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of potential impairment
may include  a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, or plans
to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life.
The review of long-lived assets or asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and
estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. For Generation, forecasting
future cash flows require s assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of fuel and the
expected operations of assets. A variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different concl usion regarding the recoverability of
an asset or asset group.  An impairment evaluatio n is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash
flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For
Generation, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic
dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units. The cash flows from the generating units are
generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level given the interdependency of cash flows generated from the customer supply and
risk manage ment activities within each region. In certain cases, the generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis
where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets
(typically contracted renewables).
On a quarte rly basis, Generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of potential impairment. If indicators
are present for a long-liv ed asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value
is performed. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group may not be
recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant’ s
view of the exit price of the asset or asset groups. This includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated
by the asset or asset groups and market discount rates. Events and circumstances often do not occur as expected, resulting in
differences between prospective financial information and actual results, which may be material. The determination of fair value is
driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), such as revenue and generation
forecasts, projected capital, maintenance expenditures, and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and
industry sources.
See Note 12 — Asset Impairments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of asset
impairment assessments.
Depreciable Lives of Property, Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
The Registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution
assets. These assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite, or unitary methods of
depreciation. The group approach is typically for groups of similar assets
64
Table of Contents
that have approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different
lives. Under both metho ds, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. The estimation
of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement
experience. Depreciation studies are conducted periodically and as required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory action, or
change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary .
For the Utility Registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowe d in customer rates for recovery of
depreciation costs. Generally , the Utility Registr ants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with
adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align
with management’ s judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been upda ted on a timely basis. Depreciation
expense and customer rates for ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE include an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and
removing plant from service upon retirement. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
related to removal costs.
PECO’ s removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the
life of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method. Estimates for such removal costs are also
evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
At Generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and
generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating
facilities and reassesses the reasonableness of estimated useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances warrant. When
a determination has been made that an asset will be retired before the end of its current estimated useful life, depreciation provisions
will be accelerated to reflect the shortened estim ated useful life. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets
could have a significant impact on the Registrants’  future results of operations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the
property , plant, and equipment of the Registrants.
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for substantially all current employees. The measurement of the
plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and
inputs and accounting policy elections. When developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well
as future expectations. The measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several  assumptions including the discount
rate, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increa se of health care costs, Exelon's
contributions, the rate of compensation increases, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain
plans, among others. The assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations.
Pension and OPEB plan assets include equity securities, including U.S. and international securi ties, and fixed income securities, as
well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity , and hedge funds.
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets. In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including
inflation and GDP  growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance,
weighted by Exelon’ s target asset class allocations. Exelon calculates the amount of expected  return on pension and OPEB plan
assets by multiplying the EROA  by the MRV of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated
contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. In determining MRV, the authoritative guidance for pensions and
postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic
and rational manner over not more than five years. For the majority of pension plan assets, Exelon uses a calculated value that
adjusts for 20% of the dif ference between fair value and expected MR V of plan assets. Use of this
65
Table of Contents
calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year
to year . For OPEB plan assets and certain pension plan assets, Exelon uses fair value to calculate the MR V.
Discount Rate. The discoun t rates are determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of
high-quality non-callable  (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and OPEB
obligations. The spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and OPEB
plans. The discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. Exelon utilizes an analytical tool
developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
Mortality . The mortalit y assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . Exelon’ s mortality
assumption utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2021 improvement scale adjusted to use Proxy SSA ultimate
improvement rates.
Sensitivity to Changes in Key Assumptions . The following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial
assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
Actual Assumption
Actuarial Assumption Pension OPEBChange in
Assumption Pension OPEB Total
Change in 2021 cost:
Discount rate 2.58% 2.51% 0.5% $ (57) $ (10) $ (67)
2.58% 2.51% (0.5)% 82 11 93 
EROA 7.00% 6.46% 0.5% (95) (12) (107)
7.00% 6.46% (0.5)% 95 12 107 
Change in benefit obligation at
December 31, 2021:
Discount rate 2.92% 2.88% 0.5% (1,393) (242) (1,635)
2.92% 2.88% (0.5)% 1,618 279 1,897 
__________
(a)In general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and OPEB cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. Therefore,
the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. Additionally,
Exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. The sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting
impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 15 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans.
Regulatory Accounting (All Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, the Registrants reflect the effects of cost-bas ed rate regulation in their financial
statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or products; and (3) a
reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. Regulatory assets
represent incurred costs that have been deferred  because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates.
Regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to
customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. If it is
concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria  discussed above, the Registrants
would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact, which could be material, would be
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
66
Table of Contents
The followin g table illustrates gains (losses) to be included in net income that could result from the elimination of regulatory assets
and liabilities  and charges against OCI related to deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and OPEB plans that are recorded
as regulatory assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets (before taxes):
December 31, 2021 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Gain (loss) $ 3,743 $ 4,739 $ (262) $ 268 $ (920) $ (182) $ 186 $ (239)
Charge against OCI $(3,259) $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
___________
(a)Exelon's charge against OCI (before taxes) consists of up to $2.2 billion, $391 million, $703 million, $323 million, $154 million, and $91 million
related to ComEd's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and
OPEB plans. Exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $66 million (before taxes) related to PECO’s portion of the deferred costs associated
with Exelon’s OPEB plans that would result in an increase in OCI if reversed.
See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information regarding
regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities of the Registrants.
For each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, the Registrants assess whether  the regulatory assets and liabilities
continue to meet the criteria for probable future  recovery or refund at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur .
This assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each Registrant's
jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. If the assessments and estimates
made by the Registrants  for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the
impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
Refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with
ICC-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for ComEd, and FERC transmission formula rate tariffs for the
Utility Registrants.
Accounting for Derivative Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registra nts use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk, and interest rate risk
related to ongoing business operations. The Registrants’  derivative activities are in accordanc e with Exelon’ s Risk Management
Policy (RMP ). See Note 16 — Derivative Finan cial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
The Registrants account for derivative financia l instruments under the applicable authoritative  guidance. Determining whether a
contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as
well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlying and one or more notional quantities. Changes in management’ s
assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded
contracts becoming in scope of new authoritative guidance.
All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected
under , NPNS. Derivatives entered for economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes  are recorded at fair value through
earnings. For economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the Utility Registrants, changes in the fair value
each period are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability given the likelihood of recovering the
associated costs through customer rates.
NPNS. As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the
requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and
energy-related products in the retail and wholesa le markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery . While some of these
contracts are considered  derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions
have been designated by Generation as NPNS transactions, which are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on
an accrual basis of accounting. Determining whether a contract qualifies for the NPNS requires  judgment on whether the contract
will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all the associated qualification and(a)
67
Table of Contents
documentation requirem ents. Revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as NPNS are recognized when the underlying
physical transaction is completed. Contracts that qualify for the NPNS are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities
are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period, and the contract is not financially settled
on a net basis. The contracts that ComEd has entered into with suppliers as part of ComEd’ s energy procurement process, PECO’ s
full requirement contracts under the PAPUC-app roved DSP program, most of PECO’ s natural gas supply agreements, all of BGE’ s
full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives, and certain Pepco, DPL, and ACE full requirement
contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the NPNS.
Commodity Contracts. Identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires Generation to determine that the
contract is in accordance  with the RMP . Generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regula r basis to determine if they continue
to be within the guidelines of the RMP .
As a part of the authorita tive guidance, the Registrants make estimates and assumptions conce rning future commodity prices, load
requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the
expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether to enter derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting
treatment for derivative transactions. Under the authoritative guidance for fair value measuremen ts, the Registrants categorize these
derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
Derivative contracts are traded in both exchang e-based and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are
valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy .
Certain derivative pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter , online
exchanges. The price quotations reflect the average of the mid-point of the bid-ask spread from observable markets that the
Registrants believe provide the most liquid mark et for the commodity . The price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure
the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. The Registrant’ s derivatives are
traded predominantly at liquid trading points. The remaining derivative contracts are valued using models that consider inputs such
as contract terms, including maturity , and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy , interest rates, volatility ,
credit worthiness, and credit spread. For derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generi c forwards, swaps, and options, the
model inputs are generally observable. Such instruments are categorized in Level 2.
For derivativ es that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both
observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in Level 3.
The Registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivativ e contracts, and both historical and
current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk. The impacts of nonperformance and credit risk to date have generally
not been material to the financial statements.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK and Note 18 — Fair Value of Financial
Assets and Liabilities and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the Registrants’  derivative instruments.
Taxation (All Registrants)
Significant management judgment is required in determining the Registrants’  provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the
uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. The Registrants
account for uncertain income tax positions using  a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-
not recogniti on threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax bene fit that is greater than 50% likely of
being realize d upon ultimate settlement. Manag ement evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and
circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant
information. Significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate
amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
68
Table of Contents
The Registrants evaluate quarterly the probabili ty of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income
and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary , to realize deferred tax assets. The Registrants also
assess negative evidence, such as the expirat ion of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the
Registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. Based on the combined assessment, the Registrants record valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
Actual incom e taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various  items, including future changes in
income tax laws, the Registrants’  forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax
planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. See Note 14 — Income
Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies (All Registrants)
In the preparation of their financial statements, the Registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events
and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information.
The amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. Such difference could have a
significant impact in the Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
Environmental Costs. Environmental investigat ion and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number
of sites for which the Registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs
that will be shared with other parties, the timing  of the remediation work, regulations, and the requirements of local governmental
authorities. Annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL to determine future remediation
requirements for MGP  sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly . In addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the
Registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. These matters, if resolv ed in a manner different from the
estimate, could have a significant impact in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements. See Note 19 — Commitments and
Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other , Inclu ding Perso nal Injury Claims.  The Registrants are self-insured for general liability , automotive liability , workers’
compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance
maintained. The Registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted, and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported
(IBNR). The IBNR reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually . Future events, such
as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties
surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than
estimated. Accordingly , these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact to the
Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
69
Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition (All Registrants)
Sources of Revenue and Determination of Accounting Treatment. The Registr ants earn revenues from various business
activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capac ity, and other commodities in non-
regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of
other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
The account ing treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative
guidance. The Registrants primarily apply the Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Derivative Revenues, and Alternative
Revenue Program Accounting guidance to recognize revenue as discussed in more detail below .
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The Registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations
within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power , natur al gas, and other energy-related
commodities are physically delivered to the customer . Transactions of the Registrants within the scope of Revenue from Contracts
with Custom ers general ly include non-derivative agreements, contracts that are designated as NPNS, sales to utility customers
under regulated service tarif fs, and spot-market energy commodity sales, including settlements with ISOs.
The determination of Generation’ s and the Utility Registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on
systematic readings of customer meters, generally monthly . At the end of each month, amount s of energy delivered to customers
since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. The measurement of
unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume,
customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. Increases or decreases in
volumes delivered to the utilities’  customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer
classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. In addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a
result of customers electing to use an alternative supplier , since unbilled commodity revenues are not recorded for these
customers. Changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter
reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however , total operating revenues would remain materially
unchanged. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
Derivative Revenues. The Registr ants record  revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of acco unting for
transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. These derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk
management activities. Mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair
value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts, and realized gains and losses.
Alternative Revenue Program Accounting. Certain of the Utility Registrants’  ratemaking mechanisms qualify as ARPs if they (i)
are establish ed by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above
those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery , and (iii)
allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized.
For mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the Utility Registrants’  formula rate mechanisms and revenue decoupling
mechanisms, the Utility Registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event
allowing additional billing  or refund has occurred. The ARP revenues presented in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income include both: (i) the recognition of “originating” ARP revenues (when the regulator-specified
condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the “originating”
ARP revenues as those  amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized  as Revenue from Contracts with
Customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , distributed generation rebates, and
transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that ComEd believes are probable of approval by the ICC and
FERC in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP revenue for their best estimate of
the electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of
approval by the MDPSC, DCPSC, and/or NJBPU in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco,
DPL,
70
Table of Contents
and ACE record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulti ng from future changes in rates that
they believe are probable of approval by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. Estimates of the current year
revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return
on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. The estimated reconciliation can be
affected by , among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed ROE, and actions by regulators or courts.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Customer Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
Utility Regist rants estima te the allowance for credit losses on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for
each company based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors to the outstanding receivable
balance by customer risk segment. Risk segments represent a group of customers with similar forward-looking credit quality
indicators and risk factors that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment
history and represent expected, future customer behavior . Loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a
historical average of charge-of fs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. The Utility Registrants' customer
accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally
occurs on a monthly basis. Utility Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements.
Utility Registrants' allowances for credit losses will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices, and economic conditions as
well as changes in ICC, P APUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DEPSC, and NJBPU regulations.
71
Table of Contents
ComEd
Results of Operations by Registrant or Subsidiary
Results of Operations—ComEd
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 6,406 $ 5,904 $ 502 
Operating expenses
Purchased power expense 2,271 1,998 (273)
Operating and maintenance 1,355 1,520 165 
Depreciation and amortization 1,205 1,133 (72)
Taxes other than income taxes 320 299 (21)
Total operating expenses 5,151 4,950 (201)
Operating income 1,255 954 301 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (389) (382) (7)
Other , net 48 43 5 
Total other income and (deductions) (341) (339) (2)
Income before income taxes 914 615 299 
Income taxes 172 177 5 
Net income $ 742 $ 438 $ 304 
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 . Net income  increased by $304 million primarily
due to increases in electric distribution formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of higher rate base and higher allowed electric
distribution ROE due to an increase in treasury  rates) and payments that ComEd made in 2020 under the Deferred Prosecution
Agreement. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information related to the Deferred Prosecution Agreement.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase
Electric Distribution $ 135 
Energy ef ficiency 42 
Transmission 13 
Other 23
213 
Regulatory required programs 289 
Total increase $ 502 
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electrici ty is affected by weather and customer usage. Operating revenues are not impacted
by abnormal weather , usage per customer , or number of customers as a result of revenue decoupling mechanisms implemented
pursuant to FEJA.
Distribution Revenue. EIMA  and FEJA  provide for a performance-based  formula rate, which requires an annual reconcil iation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm
restoration), investment s being recovered, and allowed ROE. Electric distribution revenue increased during the year ended
December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in 2020, due to the impact of higher rate base and higher allowed ROE due to
an increase in treasury rates.
72
Table of Contents
ComEd
Energy Efficiency Revenue.  FEJA  provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Under FEJA, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being
recovered, and allowed ROE. Energy efficiency revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the
same period in 2020, primarily due to increased regulatory asset amortization, which is fully recoverable.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs, capital investments being recov ered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in 2020, transmission revenues
increased primarily due to the impact of a higher rate base.
Other Revenue primarily includes assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs. Other revenue
increased for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in 2020, which primarily reflects mutual
assistance revenues associated with storm restoration ef forts.
Regulatory Required Programs represents revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as recoveries under the credit loss expense tariff, environmental costs associate d with MGP  sites, and costs related
to electricity , ZEC, and REC procurement. The riders are designed to provide full and current  cost recovery . The costs of these
programs are included in Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense,
and Taxes other than income. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as ComEd remains the distribution service provider for all
customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose
to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, ComEd either acts as the billing  agent or the competitive supplier
separately bills its own customers, and therefore does not record Operating revenues or Purch ased power expense related to the
electricity . For customers that choose to purchase electric generation from ComEd, ComEd is permitted to recover the electricity ,
ZEC, and REC procurem ent costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in Operating revenues and
Purchased power expense related to the electricity , ZECs, and RECs.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Stateme nts for the presentation of ComEd's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase of $273 million  for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in 2020, in Purchased power
expense  is offset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
73
Table of Contents
ComEd
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
(Decrease) Increase
Deferred Prosecution Agreement payme nts $ (200)
BSC costs 21 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (5)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 6 
Storm-related cos ts (6)
Other 4 
(180)
Regulatory required programs 15 
Total decrease $ (165)
__________
(a)See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in
rates annually through a rider mechanism.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase
Depreciation and amortization $ 48 
Regulatory asset amortization 24 
Total increase $ 72 
__________
(a)Reflects ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)Includes amortization of ComEd's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2021  and 2020, were 18.8%  and 28.8%, respectively . See Note 14
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components
of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
74
Table of Contents
PECO
Results of Operations—PECO
2021 2020(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 3,198 $ 3,058 $ 140 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel expense 1,081 1,018 (63)
Operating and maintenance 934 975 41 
Depreciation and amortization 348 347 (1)
Taxes other than income taxes 184 172 (12)
Total operating expenses 2,547 2,512 (35)
Operating income 651 546 105 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (161) (147) (14)
Other , net 26 18 8 
Total other income and (deductions) (135) (129) (6)
Income before income taxes 516 417 99 
Income taxes 12 (30) (42)
Net income $ 504 $ 447 $ 57 
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020.  Net income  increased by $57 million primarily
due to favorable weather conditions, an increase in volume, and a decrease in storm cost activity , net of tax repair deductions.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
(Decrease) Increase
Electric Gas Total
Weather $ 16 $ 1 $ 17 
Volume 15 13 28 
Pricing 12 7 19 
Transmission 13 — 13 
Other 1 3 4 
57 24 81 
Regulatory required programs 58 1 59 
Total increase $ 115 $ 25 $ 140 
Weather . The demand for electric ity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric business, very
warm weath er in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months
are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and
natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in
2020, Opera ting revenu es related to weather increased due to the impact of favorable weather conditions in PECO's service
territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based  on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in
PECO’ s service territor y. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in PECO’ s service territory for the years ended
December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 and normal weather consisted of the following:
75
Table of Contents
PECO
 For the Years Ended December 31,  % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2021 2020 Normal 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 3,946 3,959 4,409 (0.3)% (10.5) %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,586 1,521 1,435 4.3 % 10.5 %
Volume.  Electric volume, exclusi ve of the effects of weath er, for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in
2020, increased on a net basis due to an increase in overall usage for customers further increas ed by customer growth. Natural gas
volume for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, increased due to retail load growth.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2021 2020% Change
2021 vs. 2020Weather -
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries
Residential 14,262 14,041 1.6 % 0.1 %
Small commercial & industrial 7,597 7,210 5.4 % 4.3 %
Large commercial & industrial 14,003 13,669 2.4 % 2.1 %
Public authorities & electric railroads 559 575 (2.8)% (2.8)%
Total electric retail deliveries 36,421 35,495 2.6 % 1.7 %
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2021 2020
Residential 1,517,806 1,508,622 
Small commercial & industrial 155,308 154,421 
Large commercial & industrial 3,107 3,101 
Public authorities & electric railroads 10,306 10,206 
Total 1,686,527 1,676,350 
Natural Gas Deliveries to customers (in mmcf) 2021 2020% Change
2021 vs. 2020Weather -
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries
Residential 39,580 38,272 3.4 % 1.4 %
Small commercial & industrial 21,361 19,341 10.4 % 7.0 %
Large commercial & industrial 34 36 (5.6)% 8.3 %
Transportation 25,081 24,533 2.2 % 1.4 %
Total natural gas deliveries 86,056 82,182 4.7 % 2.8 %
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2021 2020
Residential 497,873 492,298 
Small commercial & industrial 44,815 44,472 
Large commercial & industrial 6 5 
Transportation 670 713 
Total 543,364 537,488 (b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
76
Table of Contents
PECO
Pricing for the year ended December 31, 2021 compa red to the same period in 2020 increased primarily due to higher overall
effective rates due to favorable customer mix. Additionally , the increase represents revenue from higher natural gas distribution
rates.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered.
Other Revenue primarily includes revenue related to late payment charges. Other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021
compared to the same period in 2020, remained relatively consistent.
Regulatory Required Programs  repre sents revenues collected under approve d riders to recover costs incurred for regulator y
programs such as energ y efficiency , PGC, and the GSA. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as
a return. The costs of these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel expense, Operating and maintenance expense,
Depreciation and amortization expense, and Income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from
competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as
PECO rema ins the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is
recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive
suppliers, PECO either acts as the billing agent or the competitive supplier separately bills its own customers and therefore PECO
does not record Opera ting revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For
customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from PECO, PECO is permitted to recover the electricity ,
natural gas, and REC procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in Operating revenues
and Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity , natural gas, and RECs.      
See Note 5—Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of PECO's
revenue disaggregation.
The increas e of $63 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, respectively , in
Purchased power and fuel expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
 Increase (Decrease)
Storm-related costs $ (64)
Credit loss expense (3)
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 23 
BSC costs 19 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 2 
Other (8)
(31)
Regulatory Required Programs (10)
Total decrease $ (41)
__________
(a)Primarily reflects the absence of costs in 2021 due to the June and August 2020 storms.(a)
77
Table of Contents
PECO
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
 Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 17 
Regulatory asset amortization (16)
Total increase $ 1 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other than incom e taxes increased by $12 million  for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in
2020, primarily due to higher P A gross receipts tax, which is of fset in operating revenues, and P A Use Tax.
Interest expense, net increased $14 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020,
respectively , primarily due to the issuance of debt in 2021.
Effective income tax rates  were 2.3% and (7.2)% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . See Note 14 —
Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of the change in effective
income tax rates.(a)
78
Table of Contents
BGE
Results of Operations—BGE
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 3,341 $ 3,098 $ 243 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 1,175 991 (184)
Operating and maintenance 811 789 (22)
Depreciation and amortization 591 550 (41)
Taxes other than income taxes 283 268 (15)
Total operating expenses 2,860 2,598 (262)
Operating income 481 500 (19)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (138) (133) (5)
Other , net 30 23 7 
Total other income and (deductions) (108) (110) 2 
Income before income taxes 373 390 (17)
Income taxes (35) 41 76 
Net income $ 408 $ 349 $ 59 
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020.  Net income  increased by $59 million primarily
due to favorable impacts  of the multi-year plan, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense. See Note 3
— Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the three-year
electric and natural gas distribution multi-year plans.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase
Electric Gas Total
Distribution $ 7 $ 2 $ 9 
Transmission 35 — 35 
Other 13 3 16 
55 5 60 
Regulatory required programs 116 67 183 
Total increase $ 171 $ 72 $ 243 
79
Table of Contents
BGE
Revenue Decoupling. The demand  for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating
revenues are not impacted by abnormal weathe r or usage per customer as a result of a monthly rate adjustment that provides for
fixed distribu tion revenu e per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or
usage per customer , they are impacted by chang es in the number of customers. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on revenue decoupling for BGE.
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2021 2020
Residential 1,195,929 1,190,678 
Small commercial & industrial 115,049 114,173 
Large commercial & industrial 12,637 12,478 
Public authorities & electric railroads 268 267 
Total 1,323,883 1,317,596 
As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2021 2020
Residential 651,589 647,188 
Small commercial & industrial 38,300 38,267 
Large commercial & industrial 6,179 6,101 
Total 696,068 691,556 
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, due to customer
growth.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to the reduction in revenue in 2020 due to the settlement agreement of
ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities and increases in underlying costs and capital investments.
Other Revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance, off-system sales, and service application
fees. Other revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, as BGE had
temporarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment and temporarily ceased new late fees for all customers in 2020
which has resumed in 2021.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as conservation, demand respon se, STRIDE, and the POLR mechanism. The riders are designed to provide full and
current cost recovery , as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel
expense, Operating and maintenance expense , Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes.
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as BGE remains the distributio n service provider for all customers
and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to
purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, BGE acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record
Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natura l gas. For customers that choose to
purchase electric genera tion or natural gas from BGE, BGE is permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs
from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and/or natural gas in Operating revenues and Purchased
power and fuel expense. BGE recovers electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of BGE's
revenue disaggregation.
80
Table of Contents
BGE
The increas e of $184 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, respectively , in
Purchased power and fuel expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
BSC costs 19 
Storm-related costs 7 
Credit loss expense 2 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 4 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 1 
Small business grants commitment (15)
Other (3)
15 
Regulatory required programs 7 
Total increase $ 22 
__________
(a)Reflects charitable contributions expensed as a result of a commitment in 2020 to a multi-year small business grants program.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 44 
Regulatory required programs (4)
Regulatory asset amortization 1 
Total increase $ 41 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other  than income taxes increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily
due to higher property taxes.
Effective income tax rates  were (9.4)% and 10.5%  for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . The change is
primarily due to the multi-year plan which resulted in the acceleration of certain income tax benefits and the April 24, 2020 settlement
agreement of ongoing transmission related income tax regulatory liabilities. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on both the three-year electric and natural gas distribution
multi-year plans and the April 24, 2020 settlement agreement and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
81
Table of Contents
PHI
Results of Operations—PHI
PHI’s Results of Operations include the results of its three reportable segments, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. PHI also has a business
services subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the
applicable subsidiaries. Additionally , the results of PHI's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities.
All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The following table sets forth PHI's
GAAP  consolidated Net income by Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. See the
Results of Operations for Pepco, DPL, and ACE for additional information.
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
PHI $ 561 $ 495 $ 66 
Pepco 296 266 30 
DPL 128 125 3 
ACE 146 112 34 
Other (9) (8) (1)
__________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, PHI's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020. Net income  increased by $66 million primarily
due to favorable impacts  as a result of rate case outcomes, higher transmission revenues due to an increase in capital investments
in DPL's and ACE's service territories, higher distribution revenues due to an increase in volume in ACE's service territory , favorable
weather conditions in DPL's Delaware electric service territory , a decrease in storm costs due to the August 2020 storms in Delaware
at DPL, a decrease in credit loss expense at Pepco and DPL, and partially offset by recognition  of a valuation allowance against a
deferred tax asset at DPL, due to a change in Delaware tax law and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense.(a)
82
Table of Contents
Pepco
Results of Operations—Pepco
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 2,274 $ 2,149 $ 125 
Operating expenses
    Purchased power 624 602 (22)
Operating and maintenance 471 453 (18)
Depreciation and amortization 403 377 (26)
Taxes other than income taxes 373 367 (6)
Total operating expenses 1,871 1,799 (72)
Gain on sales of assets — 9 (9)
Operating income 403 359 44 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (140) (138) (2)
Other , net 48 38 10 
Total other income and (deductions) (92) (100) 8 
Income before income taxes 311 259 52 
Income taxes 15 (7) (22)
Net income $ 296 $ 266 $ 30 
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020.  Net income  increased by $30 million primarily
due to favorable impacts  of the Maryland and District of Columbia multi-year plans, and a decrease in credit loss expense, partially
offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense and various operating expenses.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase
Distribution $ 31 
Transmission 32 
Other 7 
70 
Regulatory required programs 55 
Total increase $ 125 
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in both Maryland and the District of Columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a
result of a BSA that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not
impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on revenue decoupling
for Pepco Maryland and District of Columbia.
83
Table of Contents
Pepco
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2021 2020
Residential 841,831 832,190 
Small commercial & industrial 54,216 53,800 
Large commercial & industrial 22,568 22,459 
Public authorities & electric railroads 181 168 
Total 918,796 908,617 
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to
favorable impacts of the Maryland and District of Columbia multi-year plans in 2021.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to the reduction in revenue in 2020 due to the settlement agreement of
ongoing transmission related income tax regulatory liabilities and increases in underlying costs.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, DC PLUG, and SOS procurement and administrative costs. The riders are designed
to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in
Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than
income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice
programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as Pepco remains the distribution service provi der for all customers and charges a
regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customer s that choose to purchase electric
generation from compe titive suppliers, Pepco acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record Operating revenues or
Purchased power expense related to the electricity . For customers that choose to purchase elect ric generation from Pepco, Pepco is
permitted to recover the electricity and REC procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the
electricity and RECs in Operating revenues and Purchased power expense. Pepco recovers electricity and REC procurement costs
from customers with a slight mark-up.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of Pepco's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase of $22 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, in Purchased power
expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
84
Table of Contents
Pepco
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Storm related costs $ 5 
BSC and PHISCO costs 3 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (4)
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (5)
Credit loss expense (6)
Other 21 
14 
Regulatory required programs 4 
Total increase $ 18 
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 17 
Regulatory asset amortization (13)
Regulatory required programs 22 
Total increase $ 26 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other  than income taxes increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily
due to an increase in property taxes.
Gain on sales of assets  decreased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020  due to
the sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Other , net increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primar ily due to higher AFUDC
equity .
Effective income tax rates were 4.8% and (2.7)% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . The change is
primarily related to the settlement agreement of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by the
multi-year plan which resulted in the acceleration of certain income tax benefits. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the three-year electric distribution multi-year plan and the
April 24, 2020 settlement agreement, and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.(a)
85
Table of Contents
DPL
Results of Operations—DPL
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 1,380 $ 1,271 $ 109 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 539 503 (36)
Operating and maintenance 345 361 16 
Depreciation and amortization 210 191 (19)
Taxes other than income taxes 67 65 (2)
Total operating expenses 1,161 1,120 (41)
Operating income 219 151 68 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (61) (61) — 
Other , net 12 10 2 
Total other income and (deductions) (49) (51) 2 
Income before income taxes 170 100 70 
Income taxes 42 (25) (67)
Net income $ 128 $ 125 $ 3 
Year Ended  December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020.  Net income  increased by $3 million primarily due
to higher electric distribu tion rates, a decrease in storm costs due to the August 2020 storms in Delaware, a decrease in credit loss
expense, higher transmission revenues due to an increase in capital investments, and favorable weather conditions at DPL's
Delaware electric servic e territories, which was partially offset by the recognition of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax
asset due to a change in Delaware tax law and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Electric Gas Total
Weather $ 5 $ 1 $ 6 
Volume 1 (1) — 
Distribution 21 2 23 
Transmission 33 — 33 
Other 2 — 2 
62 2 64 
Regulatory required programs 41 4 45 
Total increase $ 103 $ 6 $ 109 
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in Maryland are not impacted  by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a BSA that provides for
a fixed distribution charg e per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues from electric distribution in Maryland are not
impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on revenue decoupling
for DPL  Maryland.
Weather . The demand for electricity and natural gas in Delaware is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in
winter months are referr ed to as "favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditio ns result in increased deliveries of
electricity and natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces
86
Table of Contents
DPL
demand. During the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, Operating revenues related to weather
increased due to favorable weather conditions in DPL's Delaware electric service territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree  days for a 20-year period in DPL's
Delaware electric service territory and a 30-year  period in DPL's Delaware natural gas service territory . The changes in heating and
cooling degree days in DPL’s Delaware service territory for the year ended December 31, 2021  compared to same period in 2020
and normal weather consisted of the following:
For the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Delaware Electric Service Territory 2021 2020 Normal 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,239 4,146 4,608 2.2 % (8.0)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,380 1,264 1,256 9.2 % 9.9 %
For the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Delaware Natural Gas Service Territory 2021 2020 Normal 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,239 4,146 4,679 2.2 % (9.4)%
Volume, exclusive of the effects of weather , remained relatively consistent for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the
same period in 2020.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in GWhs) 2021 2020% Change
2021 vs. 2020Weather -
Normal %
Change 
Residential 3,214 3,149 2.1 % (0.1)%
Small commercial & industrial 1,452 1,255 15.7 % 14.4 %
Large commercial & industrial 3,149 3,225 (2.4)% (2.9)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 34 32 6.3 % 9.1 %
Total electric retail deliveries7,849 7,661 2.5 % 1.1 %
As of December 31,
Number of Total Electric Customers (Maryland and Delaware) 2021 2020
Residential 476,260 472,621 
Small commercial & industrial 63,195 62,461 
Large commercial & industrial 1,218 1,223 
Public authorities & electric railroads 604 609 
Total 541,277 536,914 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from DPL and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Natural Gas Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in mmcf) 2021 2020% Change
2021 vs. 2020Weather -
Normal %
Change
Residential 7,914 7,832 1.0 % (0.9)%
Small commercial & industrial 3,747 3,718 0.8 % (1.2)%
Large commercial & industrial 1,679 1,703 (1.4)% (1.5)%
Transportation 6,778 6,631 2.2 % 1.7 %
Total natural gas deliveries 20,118 19,884 1.2 % (0.2)%(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
87
Table of Contents
DPL
As of December 31,
Number of Delaware Natural Gas Customers 2021 2020
Residential 128,121 127,128 
Small commercial & industrial 10,027 10,017 
Large commercial & industrial 20 16 
Transportation 158 161 
Total 138,326 137,322 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from DPL and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive
natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to
higher electric distribution rates in Maryland that became effective in July 2020 and higher electr ic distribution rates in Delaware that
became ef fective in October 2020.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to the reduction in revenue in 2020 due to the settlement agreement of
ongoing transmission related income tax regulatory liabilities and increases in underlying costs and capital investments.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energ y efficiency programs, DE Renewable Portfolio Standards, SOS procurement and administrative costs, and
GCR costs. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of
these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and
amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. All customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive
electric generation suppliers; however , only certain commercial and industrial customers have the choice to purchase natural gas
from compe titive natural gas suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as DPL remains the
distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating
revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, DPL either acts as
the billing agent or the competitive supplier sepa rately bills its own customers, and therefore does not record Operating revenues or
Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric
generation or natural gas from DPL, DPL is permitted to recover the electricity , natural gas, and REC procurement costs from
customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity , natural gas, and RECs in Operating revenues and Purchased
power and fuel expense.  DPL recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up, and natural gas
costs without mark-up.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of DPL's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase of $36 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period  in 2020, in Purchased power and
fuel expense is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs .
88
Table of Contents
DPL
The changes in  Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
(Decrease) Increase
Storm-related costs $ (20)
Credit loss expense (7)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (3)
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (2)
BSC and PHISCO costs 10 
Other 7 
(15)
Regulatory required programs (1)
Total decrease $ (16)
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 14 
Regulatory asset amortization (1)
Regulatory required programs 6 
Total increase $ 19 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Effective income tax rates were 24.7%  and (25.0)% for the years ended December 31, 2021  and 2020, respectively . The increase
for the year ended Dece mber 31, 2021 is primarily related to the recognition of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset
associated with Delaware net operating loss carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law and nonrecurring impact related to
the settleme nt agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities in 2020. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for
additional information on the April 24, 2020 settlement agreement, and Note 14 — Income  Taxes of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.(a)
89
Table of Contents
ACE
Results of Operations—ACE
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 1,388 $ 1,245 $ 143 
Operating expenses
Purchased power 694 609 (85)
Operating and maintenance 320 326 6 
Depreciation and amortization 179 180 1 
Taxes other than income taxes 8 8 — 
Total operating expenses 1,201 1,123 (78)
Gain on sale of assets — 2 (2)
Operating income 187 124 63 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (58) (59) 1 
Other , net 4 6 (2)
Total other income and (deductions) (54) (53) (1)
Income before income taxes 133 71 62 
Income taxes (13) (41) (28)
Net income $ 146 $ 112 $ 34 
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 . Net income increased $34 million primarily due
to favorable impacts as a result of outcomes from a distribution base rate case, higher distribution revenues due to an increase in
volume, and higher transmission revenues due to an increase in capital investments which was partially offset by an increase in
depreciation and amortization expense.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Weather $ 2 
Volume 17 
Distribution 1 
Transmission 51 
Other (3)
68 
Regulatory required programs 75 
Total increase $ 143 
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in New Jersey are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per custom er as a result of the Conservation
Incentive Program (CIP)  which became effective , prospectively , in the third quarter of 2021. The CIP compares current distribution
revenues by customer class to approved target revenues established in ACE’ s most recent distribution base rate case. The CIP is
calculated annually , and recovery is subject to certain conditions, including an earnings test and ceilings on customer rate increases.
While Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the
number of customers. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the ACE CIP .
Weather . Prior to the third quarter of 2021, the demand for electricity was affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer mont hs and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather
conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity . Conversely , mild weather reduces demand.
There was an increase related to weather for the year
90
Table of Contents
ACE
ended Dece mber 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 due to the absence of impa cts in the second half of 2021 as a
result of the CIP .
Heating and cooling degree days  are quantita tive indices  that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ACE’ s
service territory . The change s in heating and cooling degree days in ACE’ s service territory for the year ended December 31, 2021
compared to same period in 2020, and normal weather consisted of the following:
For the Years Ended December 31,
Normal% Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2021 2020 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,256 4,029 4,609 5.6 % (7.7)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,284 1,314 1,197 (2.3)% 7.3 %
Volume,  exclusive of the effects of weather , increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020,
primarily due to customer growth, usage and absence of impacts in the second half of 2021 as a result of the CIP .
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2021 2020% Change
2021 vs. 2020Weather - Normal
% Change
Residential 4,220 4,029 4.7 % 3.8 %
Small commercial & industrial 1,409 1,277 10.3 % 10.0 %
Large commercial & industrial 3,146 3,067 2.6 % 2.8 %
Public authorities & electric railroads 46 47 (2.1)% (1.9)%
Total retail deliveries 8,821 8,420 4.8 % 4.3 %
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2021 2020
Residential 499,628 497,672 
Small commercial & industrial 61,900 61,622 
Large commercial & industrial 3,156 3,282 
Public authorities & electric railroads 717 701 
Total 565,401 563,277 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from ACE and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Distribution Revenue remained relatively consistent for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to the reduction in revenue in 2020 due to the settlement agreement of
ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities and increases in underlying costs and capital investments.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, service connection fees, and mutual assistance revenues.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, Societal Benefits Charge, Transition Bonds, and BGS procurement and
administrative costs. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The
costs of these programs are included in Purchased power expense,(b)
(a)
91
Table of Contents
ACE
Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. Customers have
the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the
volume of deliveries, as ACE remains the distrib ution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution
service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive
suppliers, ACE acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record Operating revenues or Purchased power expense related to
the electricity . For custom ers that choose to purchase electric generation from ACE, ACE is perm itted to recover the electricity , ZEC,
and REC procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in Operating revenues and
Purchased power expense related to the electricity , ZECs, and RECs.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statem ents for the presentation of ACE's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase of $85 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to same period in 2020, in Purchased power
expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs .
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
(Decrease) Increase
Storm-related costs $ (9)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (1)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials 1 
BSC and PHISCO costs 7 
Other (6)
(8)
Regulatory required programs 2 
Total decrease $ (6)
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates
annually through the Societal Benefits Charge.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 15 
Regulatory asset amortization (1)
Regulatory required programs (15)
Total decrease $ (1)
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Effective income tax rates were (9.8)%  and (57.7)% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . The change
is primarily related to the settlement agreement of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by
the July 14, 2021 settle ment which allowed ACE to retain certain tax benefits. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional
information on the April 24, 2020 and July 14, 2021 settlement agreements, and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
92
Table of Contents
Generation
Results of Operations—Generation
2021 2020Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 19,649 $ 17,603 $ 2,046 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 12,163 9,585 (2,578)
Operating and maintenance 4,555 5,168 613 
Depreciation and amortization 3,003 2,123 (880)
Taxes other than income taxes 475 482 7 
Total operating expenses 20,196 17,358 (2,838)
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 201 11 190 
Operating (loss) income (346) 256 (602)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (297) (357) 60 
Other , net 795 937 (142)
Total other income and (deductions) 498 580 (82)
Income before income taxes 152 836 (684)
Income taxes 225 249 24 
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (10) (8) (2)
Net (loss) income (83) 579 (662)
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 122 (10) 132 
Net (loss) income attributable to membership interest $ (205) $ 589 $ (794)
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020. Net income attributable to membership
interest decreased by $794 million primarily due to:
•Impacts of the February 2021 extreme cold weather event;
•Accelerated depreciation  and amortization associated with Generation's previous decision in the third quarter of 2020
to early retire Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021, a decision which was reversed on September 15, 2021,
and Generation's decision in the third quarter of 2020 to early retire Mystic Units 8 and 9 in 2024;     
•Decommissioning-related activities that were not offset for the Byron units beginning in the second quarter of 2021
through September 15, 2021. With Generation's September 15, 2021 reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron,
Generation resumed contractual of fset for Byron as of that date;
•Impairments of the New England asset group, the Albany Green Energy biomass facility at Generation, and a wind
project at Generation, partially offset by the absence of an impairment of the New England asset group in the third
quarter of 2020;
•Higher net unrealized and realized losses on equity investments; and
•The absence of prior year one-time tax settlements.
The decreases were partially of fset by:
•Higher mark-to-market gains;
•Higher net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•Absence of one time charges recorded in 2020 associated with Generation's decision to early  retire the Byron and
Dresden nuclear facilities and Mystic Units 8 and 9, and the reversal of one-time
93
Table of Contents
Generation
charges resulting from the reversal of the previous decision to early retire Byron and Dresden on September 15, 2021;
•Favorable sales and hedges of excess emission credits;
•Favorable commodity prices on fuel hedges;
•Lower nuclear fuel costs due to accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel and lower prices; and
•Higher New York ZEC revenues due to higher generation and an increase in ZEC prices.
Operating revenues. The basis for Generation 's reportable segments is the integrated management of its electricity business that is
located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize
multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale  and retail). Generation's hedging
strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions. Generation's five reportable segments are Mid-
Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT , and Other Power Regions. See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these reportable segments.
The following business activities are not allocated to a region and are reported under Other: natural gas, as well as other
miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations.
For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, Operating revenues by region were as follows:
2021 vs. 2020
2021 2020 Variance % Change
Mid-Atlantic $ 4,584 $ 4,645 $ (61) (1.3)%
Midwest 4,060 4,024 36 0.9 %
New York 1,575 1,431 144 10.1 %
ERCOT 1,181 958 223 23.3 %
Other Power Regions 4,890 4,002 888 22.2 %
Total electric revenues 16,290 15,060 1,230 8.2 %
Other 3,992 2,433 1,559 64.1 %
Mark-to-market (losses) gains (633) 110 (743)
Total Operating revenues $ 19,649 $ 17,603 $ 2,046 11.6 %
__________
(a)% Change in mark-to-market is not a meaningful measure.
(b)Includes results of transactions with PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(c)Includes results of transactions with ComEd.(a)
(b)
(c)
94
Table of Contents
Generation
Supply Sources. Generation’ s supply sources by region are summarized below:
2021 vs. 2020
Supply Source (GWhs) 2021 2020 Variance % Change
Nuclear Generation
Mid-Atlantic 53,589 52,202 1,387 2.7 %
Midwest 93,107 96,322 (3,215) (3.3)%
New York 28,291 26,561 1,730 6.5 %
Total Nuclear Generation 174,987 175,085 (98) (0.1)%
Fossil and Renewables
Mid-Atlantic 2,271 2,206 65 2.9 %
Midwest 1,083 1,240 (157) (12.7) %
New York 1 4 (3) (75.0) %
ERCOT 13,187 11,982 1,205 10.1 %
Other Power Regions 9,995 11,121 (1,126) (10.1) %
Total Fossil and Renewables 26,537 26,553 (16) (0.1)%
Purchased Power
Mid-Atlantic 13,576 22,487 (8,911) (39.6) %
Midwest 561 770 (209) (27.1) %
ERCOT 3,256 5,636 (2,380) (42.2) %
Other Power Regions 50,212 51,079 (867) (1.7)%
Total Purchased Power 67,605 79,972 (12,367) (15.5) %
Total Supply/Sales by Region
Mid-Atlantic 69,436 76,895 (7,459) (9.7)%
Midwest 94,751 98,332 (3,581) (3.6)%
New York 28,292 26,565 1,727 6.5 %
ERCOT 16,443 17,618 (1,175) (6.7)%
Other Power Regions 60,207 62,200 (1,993) (3.2)%
Total Supply/Sales by Region 269,129 281,610 (12,481) (4.4)%
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants. Includes
the total output for fully owned plants and the total output for CENG prior to the acquisition of EDF’s interest on August 6, 2021 as CENG was
fully consolidated. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on Generation’s acquisition of EDF’s interest in CENG.
(b)Includes affiliate sales to PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE in the Mid-Atlantic region and affiliate sales to ComEd in the Midwest region.
Nuclear Fleet Capacity Factor . The following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the Generation-operated plants, which
reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by Exelon, excluding Salem, which is operated by PSEG. The nuclear fleet
capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the
plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. Generation considers capacity factor to be a useful
measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. Generation has included the analysis below as a complement to
the financial  information provided in accordance with GAAP . However , these measures are not a presentation defined under GAAP
and may not be comparable to other companies ’ presentations or be more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in
this report.
2021 2020
Nuclear fleet capacity factor 94.5 % 95.4 %
Refueling outage days 262 260 
Non-refueling outage days 34 19 (a)
(b)
(b)
95
Table of Contents
Generation
ZEC Prices.  Generation is compens ated through state progr ams for the carbon-free attributes of its nuclear generation. ZEC prices
have a significant impa ct on operating revenues. The following table presents the average  ZEC prices ($/MWh) for each of
Generation's major regions in which state progr ams have been enacted. Prices reflect the weighted average price for the various
delivery periods within each calendar year .
2021 vs. 2020
State (Region) 2021 2020 Variance % Change
New Jersey (Mid-Atlantic) $ 10.00 $ 10.00 $ — — %
Illinois (Midwest) 16.50 16.50 — — %
New York (New York) 20.93 19.59 1.34 6.8 %
Capacity Prices.  Generation participates  in capacity auctions in each of its major regions, except ERCOT  which  does not have a
capacity market. Generation also incurs capacity costs associated with load served, except in ERCOT . Capacity prices have a
significant impact on Generation's operating revenues and purchased power and fuel. The following table presents the average
capacity prices ($/MW Day) for each of Generati on's major regions. Prices reflect the weighted average price for the various auction
periods within each calendar year .
2021 vs. 2020
Location (Region) 2021 2020 Variance % Change
Eastern Mid-Atlantic Area Council (Mid-Atlantic and Midwest) $ 174.96 $ 159.50 $ 15.46 9.7 %
ComEd (Midwest) 192.45 194.22 (1.77) (0.9)%
Rest of State (New York) 98.35 47.81 50.54 105.7 %
Southeast New England (Other) 163.66 200.69 (37.03) (18.5) %
Electricity Prices. The price of electricity has a significant impact on Generation's operating revenues and purcha sed power cost.
The following table presents the average day-ahead around-the-clock price ($/MWh) for each of Generation's major regions.
2021 vs. 2020
Location (Region) 2021 2020 Variance % Change
PJM W est (Mid-Atlantic) $ 38.91 $ 20.95 $ 17.96 85.7 %
ComEd (Midwest) 34.76 18.96 15.80 83.3 %
Central (New York) 29.90 16.36 13.54 82.8 %
North (ERCOT) 146.63 22.03 124.60 565.6 %
Southeast Massachusetts (Other) 46.38 23.57 22.81 96.8 %
__________
(a)Reflects New England, which comprises the majority of the activity in the Other region.(a)
96
Table of Contents
Generation
For the year ended December 31, 2021 comp ared to 2020, changes in Operating revenues  by region were approx imately as
follows:
2021 vs. 2020
Variance % Change Description
Mid-Atlantic $ (61) (1.3)%• unfavorable wholesale load revenue of $(520) primarily due to
lower volumes; partially of fset by
• favorable settled economic hedges of $365 due to settled prices
relative to hedged prices
• favorable retail load revenue of $95 primarily due to higher
prices
Midwest 36 0.9 %• favorable net wholesale load and generation revenue of $540
primarily due to higher prices, partially of fset by decreased
generation due to higher nuclear outage days
• unfavorable settled economic hedges of $(525) due to settled
prices relative to hedged prices
New York 144 10.1 %• favorable nuclear generation revenue of $75 primarily due to
higher prices and lower nuclear outage days
• favorable ZEC revenue of $70 due to higher prices and higher
nuclear generation
ERCOT 223 23.3 %• favorable retail load revenue of $140 primarily due to higher
prices in part due to the February 2021 extreme cold weather
event
• favorable settled economic hedges of $65 due to settled prices
relative to hedged prices
Other Power Regions 888 22.2 %• favorable settled economic hedges of $655 due to settled prices
relative to hedged prices
• favorable retail load revenue of $535 due to higher prices and
higher volumes; partially of fset by
• unfavorable wholesale load revenue of $(380) primarily due to
lower volumes
Other 1,559 64.1 %• favorable gas revenue of $1,375 primarily due to higher prices
in part due to the February 2021 extreme cold weather event
Mark-to-market (743) • losses on economic hedging activities of $(633) in 2021
compared to gains of $110 in 2020
Total $ 2,046 11.6 %
__________
(a)% Change in mark-to-market is not a meaningful measure.
(b)See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
mark-to-market gains and losses.
Purchased power and fuel. See Operating revenues above for discussion of Generation's reportable segments and hedging
strategies and for supplemental statistical data, including supply sources by region, nuclear fleet capacity factor , capacity prices, and
electricity prices.(a)
(b)
97
Table of Contents
Generation
The following business activities are not allocated to a region and are reported under Other: natural gas, as well as other
miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall purchased power and fuel expense or results of operations, and
accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear decommissioning.
For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, Purchased power and fuel by region were as follows:
2021 vs. 2020
2021 2020 Variance % Change
Mid-Atlantic $ 2,320 $ 2,442 $ 122 5.0 %
Midwest 1,343 1,121 (222) (19.8) %
New York 414 434 20 4.6 %
ERCOT 2,006 532 (1,474) (277.1) %
Other Power Regions 3,999 3,336 (663) (19.9) %
Total electric purchased power and fuel 10,082 7,865 (2,217) (28.2) %
Other 3,279 1,904 (1,375) (72.2) %
Mark-to-market gains (1,198) (184) 1,014 
Total purchased power and fuel $ 12,163 $ 9,585 $ (2,578) (26.9) %
__________
(a)% Change in mark-to-market is not a meaningful measure.
(b)Includes results of transactions with PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(c)Includes results of transactions with ComEd.(a)
(b)
(c)
98
Table of Contents
Generation
For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, changes in Purchased power and fuel by region were approxim ately as
follows:
2021 vs. 2020
Variance % Change Description
Mid-Atlantic $ 122 5.0 %• favorable purchased power and net capacity impact of $80
primarily due to higher nuclear generation, lower load and higher
capacity prices earned partially of fset by lower cleared capacity
volumes
• favorable settlement of economic hedges of $70 due to settled
prices relative to hedged prices
Midwest (222) (19.8) %• unfavorable purchased power and net capacity impact of $(330)
primarily due to higher energy prices, lower nuclear generation,
lower cleared capacity volumes, and lower capacity prices;
partially of fset by
• favorable nuclear fuel cost of $75 primarily due to accelerated
amortization of nuclear fuel and lower nuclear fuel prices
New York 20 4.6 %• favorable settlement of economic hedges of $45 due to settled
prices relative to hedged prices; partially of fset by
• unfavorable purchased power and net capacity impact of $(40)
primarily due to higher energy prices partially of fset by higher
nuclear generation and higher capacity prices earned
ERCOT (1,474) (277.1) %• unfavorable purchased power of $(755) primarily due to higher
energy prices primarily during the February 2021 extreme cold
weather event
• unfavorable settlement of economic hedges of $(535) due to
settled prices relative to hedged prices
• unfavorable fuel cost of $(170) primarily due to higher gas
prices
Other Power Regions (663) (19.9) %• unfavorable purchased power and net capacity impact of $(855)
primarily due to higher energy prices, lower generation, lower
cleared capacity volumes, and lower capacity prices
• unfavorable fuel cost of $(80) primarily due to higher gas prices;
partially of fset by
• net favorable environmental products activity of $270 primarily
driven by favorable emissions activity partially of fset by
unfavorable RPS activity
Other (1,375) (72.2) %• unfavorable net gas purchase costs and settlement of economic
hedges of $(1,150)
• unfavorable accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated
with announced early plant retirements of $(90)
Mark-to-market 1,014 • gains on economic hedging activities of $1,198 in 2021
compared to gains of $184 in 2020
Total $ (2,578) (26.9) %
__________
(a)% Change in mark-to-market is not a meaningful measure.
(b)See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
mark-to-market gains and losses.(a)
(b)
99
Table of Contents
Generation
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2021 vs. 2020
(Decrease) Increase
Plant retirements and divestitures $ (484)
ARO update (109)
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (64)
Insurance (45)
Cost management program (34)
Nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned Salem plants (16)
Corporate allocations (14)
Acquisition related costs 15 
Credit loss expense 21 
Asset impairments 27 
Separation costs 49 
Other 41 
Total decrease $ (613)
__________
(a)Primarily reflects contractual offset of accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with Generation's previous decision to early retire
the Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Depreciation and amortization expense  increased  for the year ended Dece mber 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020,
primarily due to the accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with Generation's previous decision to early retire the
Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities. This decision was reversed on September 15, 2021 and depreciation for Byron and Dresden
was adjusted beginning September 15, 2021 to reflect the extended useful life estimates. A portion of this accelerated depreciation
and amortization is of fset in Operating and maintenance expense.
Gain on sales of asset s and businesses  increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020,
primarily due to gains on sales of equity investments that became publicly traded entities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first
half of 2021 and a gain on sale of Generation's solar business.
Interest expens e, net decreased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to
decreased expense related to the CR nonrecour se senior secured term loan credit facility and interest rate swaps, and decreases in
interest rates. See Note  17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the CR credit facility and interest rate swaps.
Other , net decreased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, due to activity described in the
table below:(a)
100
Table of Contents
Generation
2021 2020
Net unrealized gains on NDT  funds $ 204 $ 391 
Net realized gains on sale of NDT  funds 381 70 
Interest and dividend income on NDT  funds 98 90 
Contractual elimination of income tax expense 226 180 
Net unrealized (losses) gains from equity investments (160) 186 
Other 46 20 
Total other , net $ 795 $ 937 
__________
(a)Unrealized gains, realized gains, and interest and dividend income on the NDT funds are associated with the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units.
In addition, also includes unrealized gains, realized gains, and interest and dividend income on the NDT funds associated with the Byron units
as decommissioning-related impacts were not offset starting in the second quarter of 2021 due to the inability to recognize a regulatory asset at
ComEd. With the September 15, 2021 reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron, Generation resumed contractual offset for Byron as of
that date. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)Contractual elimination of income tax expense is associated with the income taxes on the NDT funds of the Regulatory Agreement Units.
(c)Net unrealized gains and losses from equity investments that became publicly traded entities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first half of
2021.
Effective income tax rates were 148.0%  and 29.8% for the years ended December 31, 2021  and 2020, respectively . The higher
effective tax rate in 2021  is primarily due to the impacts of the February 2021 extreme cold weat her event on Income before income
taxes. See Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  increased for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same
period in 2020, primarily due to CENG's results of operations prior to Generation's acquisition of EDF's interest in CENG on August
6, 2021.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
All results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a GAAP  basis.
The Registrants’  operating and capital expenditu res requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations,
the sale of certain receivables, as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. The
Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. Each of the Registrants annually evaluates
its financing  plan, dividend practices, and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investm ent grade ratings while meeting its
cash needs to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and OPEB
obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. The Registrants spend a significant amou nt of cash on capital improvements
and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , the Utility Registrants operate in rate-regulated
environments in which the amount of new invest ment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over
an extended  period of time. A broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its
needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing
structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). Each Registrant’ s access to external financing on reasonable terms depends
on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. If these
conditions deteriorate to the extent that the Registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the
Registrants have access to credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $10.3 billion, as of December 31, 2021. The
Registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings, and to
issue letters of credit. See the “Credit Matters” section below for additional information. The Registrants expect cash flows to be
sufficient to meet opera ting expenses, financing costs, and capital expenditure requirements.  See Note 17 — Debt and Credit
Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Registrants’  debt and
credit agreements.(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
101
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Operating Activities (All Registrants)
The Utility Registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in
the case of PECO, BGE, and DPL, gas distribution services. The Utility Registrants' distrib ution services are provided to an
established and diverse base of retail customers. The Utility Registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy , weather
conditions, future legisla tive initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, and their ability to
achieve operating cost reductions. Generation's cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy
and energy-related products and services to customers.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from operating activities for the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020 by Registrant:
(Decrease) increase in cash flows from operating activities Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net income $ (125)$ 304 $ 57 $ 59 $ 66 $ 30 $ 3 $ 34 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash:
Non-cash operating activities (332) 12 11 (35) 45 35 23 (15)
Option premiums paid, net (199) — — — — — — — 
Collateral (posted) received, net (568) (14) — — — — — — 
Income taxes 187 (8) (26) (40) 42 12 38 1 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (64) (48) — (3) (9) — (1) (1)
Changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and
liabilities (122) 25 (46) (136) 11 (116) 50 77 
(Decrease) increase in cash flows from operating activities $(1,223)$ 271 $ (4)$(155)$155 $ (39)$113 $ 96 
Changes in the Registrants' cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each Registrant’ s respective
results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below . In
addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
•See Note 24 —Supplemental Financial Informat ion of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and
the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information on non-cash operating activities .
•Option premiums paid relate to options contracts that Generation purchases and sells as part of its established
policies and procedures to manage risks associated with market fluctuations in commodity prices. See Note 16 —
Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on derivative contracts.
•Depending upon whether Exelon is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral  may be required to be
posted with or collected from its counterparties. In addition, the collateral posting and collecti on requirements differ
depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the over-the-counter mark ets. See Note 16 —
Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on the Registrants’  collateral.
•See Note 14 —Income  Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  and the Registrants'
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information on income taxes.
•Changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities  include a decrease in Accounts receivable
at Exelon resulting from the impact of cash received in 2020 related to the revolving accounts receivable financing
arrangement entered into on April 8, 2020, and an increase in Accounts payable and accrued  expenses at Exelon
resulting from the impact of certain penalties for natural gas delivery associated with the February 2021 extreme cold
weather event at
102
Table of Contents
Generation and increases in natural gas prices at Generation. See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable and Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for addition al information on the
sales of customer accounts receivable and on the February 2021 extreme cold weather event, respectively .
Cash Flows from Investing Activities (All Registrants)
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020 by Registrant:
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from investing activities Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Capital expenditures $ 67 $ (170)$ (93)$ 21 $(116)$ (70)$ (5)$(44)
Investment in NDT fund sales, net (18) — — — — — — — 
Collection of DPP 131 — — — — — — — 
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses 831 — — — — — — — 
Changes in intercompany money pool — — (68) — — — — — 
Other investing activities 8 24 2 16 (5) (1) 7 (5)
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from investing activities $ 1,019 $ (146)$ (159)$ 37 $(121)$ (71)$ 2 $(49)
Significant investing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
•Variances in capital expenditures  are primarily due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. See the
"Credit Matters" section below for additional information on projected capital expenditure spending.
•See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on the Collection of DPP .
•Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses  increased primarily due to the sale of a significant portion of Exelon's
solar business and a biomass facility and proce eds received on sales of equity investments. See Note 2 — Mergers,
Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
the sale of Exelon's solar business and biomass facility .
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term  borrowing needs. Refer below for more information
regarding the intercompany money pool.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities (All Registrants)
The following table provi des a summary of the change in cash flows from financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020 by Registrant:
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from financing activities Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Changes in short-term borrowings, net $ 638 $ (516)$ — $ 206 $ (60)$ 187 $(87)$(160)
Long-term debt, net 774 300 100 (100) 91 (22) 27 86 
Changes in intercompany money pool — — (80) — (23) — — — 
Dividends paid on common stock (5) (8) 1 (46) — (36) (6) (174)
Acquisition of noncontrolling interest (885) — — — — — — — 
Distributions to member — — — — (150) — — — 
Contributions from/(to) parent/member — 79 166 (154) 189 (18) 8 202 
Other financing activities 91 (3) (5) 2 (7) — (3) (4)
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from financing activities $ 613 $ (148)$ 182 $ (92)$ 40 $ 111 $(61)$(50)
103
Table of Contents
Significant financing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
•Changes in short-term borrowings, net, is driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 365 days.
Refer to Note 17 - Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on short-term borrowings.
•Long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. Refer to debt issuances and
redemptions tables below for additional information.
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term  borrowing needs. Refer below for more information
regarding the intercompany money pool.
•Exelon’ s ability to pay dividends  on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating
subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and
cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. See Note 19 - Commitments and Conting encies of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. See below for quarterly
dividends declared.
•See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information related to the acquisition  of CENG noncontrolling interest.
•Other finan cing activit ies primarily consists of debt issuance costs. See debt issuances table below for additional
information on the Registrants’  debt issuances.
104
Table of Contents
Debt Issuances and Redemptions
See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  long-term debt. Debt activity for 2021 and 2020 by Registrant was as follows:
During 2021, the following long-term debt was issued:
Company/Subsidiary Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon Long-Term Software
License Agreements3.62 % December 1, 2025$ 4 Procurement of software licenses.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1303.13 % March 15, 2051 700Repay a portion of outstanding
commercial paper obligations and two
outstanding term loans, and to fund
other general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1312.75 % September 1, 2051 450Refinance existing indebtedness and
for general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds3.05 % March 15, 2051 375Funding for general corporate
purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds2.85 % September 15, 2051 375Refinance existing indebtedness and
for general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 2.25 % June 15, 2031 600Repay a portion of outstanding
commercial paper obligations, repay
existing indebtedness, and to fund
other general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 2.32 % March 30, 2031 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.29 % September 28, 2051 125Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 3.24 % March 30, 2051 125Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 2.30 % March 15, 2031 350Refinance existing indebtedness,
repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations, and for general corporate
purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 2.27 % February 15, 2032 75Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation West Medway II
Nonrecourse DebtLIBOR + 3% March 31, 2026 150Funding for general corporate
purposes.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing2.53% - 4.24% January 31, 2022 -
February 28, 20222Funding to install energy conservation
measures.
__________
(a)In connection with the separation, Exelon Corporate entered into three 18-month term loan agreements. On January 21, 2022, two of the loan
agreements were issued for $300 million each with an expiration date of July 21, 2023. On January 24, 2022, the third loan agreement was
issued for $250 million with an expiration date of July 24, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65%.
(b)On November 16, 2021, DPL entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $125 million at 3.06% due on February 15, 2052.
The closing date of the issuance occurred on February 15, 2022.
(c)On November 16, 2021, ACE entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $25 million and $150 million at 2.27% and 3.06%
due on February 15, 2032 and February 15, 2052, respectively. The closing date of the issuance occurred on February 15, 2022.
(d)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
nonrecourse debt.
(e)The nonrecourse debt has an average blended interest rate.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)(e)
(f)
105
Table of Contents
(f)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
During 2020, the following long-term debt was issued:
Company/Subsidiary Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon Notes 4.05 % April 15, 2030$ 1,250 Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Exelon Notes 4.70 % April 15, 2050 750Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1282.20 % March 1, 2030 350Repay a portion of outstanding
commercial paper obligations and
fund other general corporate
purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1293.00 % March 1, 2050 650Repay a portion of outstanding
commercial paper obligations and
fund other general corporate
purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds2.80 % June 15, 2050 350Funding for general corporate
purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 2.90 % June 15, 2050 400Repay commercial paper obligations
and for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 2.53 % February 25, 2030 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.28 % September 23, 2050 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 2.53 % June 9, 2030 100Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
DPL Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.05 % January 1, 2031 78Refinance existing indebtedness.
ACE Tax-Exempt First
Mortgage Bonds2.25 % June 1, 2029 23Refinance existing indebtedness.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 3.24 % June 9, 2050 100Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation Senior Notes 3.25 % June 1, 2025 900Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation Constellation
Renewables
Nonrecourse DebtLIBOR + 2.75% December 15, 2027 750Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing2.53% - 3.95% February 28, 2021 -
March 31, 20216Funding to install energy conservation
measures.
__________
(a)The bonds have a 1.05% interest rate through July 2025.
(b)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
nonrecourse debt.
(c)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.(a)
(b)
(c)
106
Table of Contents
During 2021, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company/Subsidiary Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount
Exelon Senior Notes 2.45% April 15, 2021 $ 300 
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreements 3.95% May 1, 2024 24
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreements 3.62% December 1, 2025 1 
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds 3.40% September 1, 2021 350
PECO First Mortgage Bonds 1.70% September 15, 2021 300
BGE Senior Notes 3.50% November 15, 2021 300
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 4.35% April 1, 2021 200
ACE Tax-Exempt First Mortgage Bonds 6.80% March 1, 2021 39
ACE Transition Bonds 5.55% October 20, 2021 21
Generation Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt 6.00% February 28, 2033 35
Generation CR Nonrecourse Debt3-month LIBOR +
2.50% December 15, 2027 17
Generation SolGen Nonrecourse Debt 3.93% September 30, 2036 7
Generation Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt 2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037 24
Generation West Medway II Nonrecourse Debt LIBOR + 3% March 31, 2026 13
Generation RPG Nonrecourse Debt 4.11% March 31, 2035 9
__________
(a)As part of the 2012 Constellation merger, Exelon entered intercompany loan agreements that mirrored the terms and amounts of the third-party
debt obligations. In connection with the separation, on January 31, 2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from Generation of $258 million to
settle the intercompany loan. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the mirror debt.
(b)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
nonrecourse debt.
(c)The interest rate was amended to 3-month LIBOR + 2.50% on June 16, 2021.
(d)The nonrecourse debt has an average blended interest rate.(a)
(b)
(b) (c)
(b)
(b)
(b) (d)
(b)
107
Table of Contents
During 2020, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company/Subsidiary Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount
Exelon Notes 2.85% June 15, 2020 $ 900 
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreements 3.95% May 1, 2024 24
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds 4.00% August 1, 2020 500
DPL Tax-Exempt Bonds 5.40% February 1, 2031 78
ACE Tax-Exempt First Mortgage Bonds 4.88% June 1, 2029 23
ACE Transition Bonds 5.55% October 20, 2023 20
Generation Senior Notes 2.95% January 15, 2020 1,000
Generation Senior Notes 4.00% October 1, 2020 550
Generation Senior Notes 5.15% December 1, 2020 550
Generation Tax-Exempt Bonds 2.50% - 2.70%December 1, 2025 - June 1,
2036 412
Generation CR Nonrecourse Debt3-month LIBOR +
3.00% November 30, 2024 796
Generation Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt 6.00% February 28, 2033 33
Generation Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt 2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037 23
Generation RPG Nonrecourse Debt 4.11% March 31, 2035 9
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 3.71% December 31, 2020 4
Generation NUKEM 3.15% September 30, 2020 3
Generation SolGen Nonrecourse Debt 3.93% September 30, 2036 3
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 4.12% November 30, 2020 1
__________
(a)The senior notes are legacy Constellation mirror debt that were previously held at Exelon. As part of the 2012 Constellation merger, Exelon
assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirrored the terms and amounts of external obligations held by Exelon. See Note 17 — Debt and
Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
From time to time and as market conditions warrant, the Registrants may engage in long-term  debt retirements via tender offers,
open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
Dividends
Quarterly dividends declared by the Exelon Board of Directors during the year ended December  31, 2021 and for the first quarter of
2022 were as follows:
Period Declaration Date Shareholder of Record Date Dividend Payable DateCash per
Share
First Quarter 2021 February 21, 2021 March 8, 2021 March 15, 2021 $ 0.3825 
Second Quarter 2021 April 27, 2021 May 14, 2021 June 10, 2021 $ 0.3825 
Third Quarter 2021 July 27, 2021 August 13, 2021 September 10, 2021 $ 0.3825 
Fourth Quarter 2021 October 29, 2021 November 15, 2021 December 10, 2021 $ 0.3825 
First Quarter 2022 February 8, 2022 February 25, 2022 March 10, 2022 $ 0.3375 
___________
(a)Exelon's Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2022. The 2022 quarterly dividend will be $0.3375 per share.(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(a)
108
Table of Contents
Credit Matters and Cash Requirements (All Registrants)
The Registr ants fund liquidity needs for capital expenditures, working capital, energy hedging, and other financial commitments
through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets, and large, diversified credit
facilities. The credit facilities include $10.3 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $6.5 billion was available to support
additional commercial paper as of December 31, 2021, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate
commitments for the Registrants. On February 1, 2022, Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registra nts each entered into a new 5-year
revolving credit facility that replaced its existing syndicated revolving credit facility . See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The Registrants had access to the commercial
paper markets and had availability under their revolving credit facilities during 2021 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when
necessary . Exelon and Generation used their available credit facilities to manage short-term liquidity needs as a result of the impacts
of the February 2021 extreme cold weather event. The Registrants routinely review the sufficienc y of their liquidity position, including
appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements,
increases in margin-related transactions, chan ges in hedging levels, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. The
Registrants closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associate d with the credit facilities, including
monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising, and merger activity. See PART I, ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS for additional information regarding the ef fects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
The Registra nts believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets, and their credit facilities provide sufficient
liquidity to support the estimated future cash requirements discussed below .
Pursuant to the Separation Agreement between Exelon and Constellation Energy Corporation, Exelon made a cash payment of
$1.75 billion to Generat ion on January 31, 2022. See Note 26 — Separation of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on the separation.
The following table presents the incremental collateral that each Utility Registrant would have been required to provide in the event
each Utility Registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at December 31, 2021 and availabl e credit facility capacity prior to any
incremental collateral at December 31, 2021:
PJM Credit Policy
CollateralOther Incremental Collateral
RequiredAvailable Credit Facility
Capacity Prior to Any
Incremental Collateral
ComEd $ 28 $ — $ 998 
PECO 1 37 600 
BGE 4 78 470 
Pepco 3 — 125 
DPL 4 14 151 
ACE 1 — 155 
__________
(a)Represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.(a)
109
Table of Contents
Capital Expenditures
As of December 31, 2021, estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and improvements are as follows:
(in millions) 2022 Transmission 2022 Distribution 2022 Gas Total 2022 Beyond 2022
Exelon N/A N/A N/A $ 8,600 $ 24,950 
ComEd 450 2,025 N/A 2,475 7,775 
PECO 175 850 325 1,325 4,500 
BGE 275 500 475 1,225 4,100 
PHI 600 1,175 100 1,850 5,650 
Pepco 275 625 N/A 900 2,750 
DPL 150 250 100 475 1,550 
ACE 175 300 N/A 475 1,375 
___________
(a)Exelon's estimated capital expenditures include estimated capital expenditures for Generation.
(b)Numbers rounded to the nearest $25M and may not sum due to rounding.
(c)Includes estimated capital expenditures for the Utility Registrants from 2023 and 2025 and includes estimated capital     expenditures for
Generation from 2023 to 2024.
Projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic
conditions and other factors.
Projected capital expenditures at the Utility Registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including
enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems.
The Utility Registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and
borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100%
funded status on an ABO basis over time. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension
contributions. Based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change, Exelon’ s estimated annual
qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million in 2022. Exelon's estimated contributions include contributions
related to Generation's qualified pension plans. In connection with the separation, an additional qualified pension contribution of
$207 million was comple ted on February 1, 2022. Unlike the qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s non-qualified pension plans are not
funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While OPEB plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its plans. For
Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has historically
considered several facto rs in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, includin g liabilities management, levels of
benefit claims paid, and regulatory implication s (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.(b) (b)(c)
(a)
110
Table of Contents
The following table provides all Registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans , planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to OPEB plans in 2022:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 505 $ 32 $ 50 
ComEd 173 2 12 
PECO 12 1 2 
BGE 48 2 16 
PHI 60 10 7 
Pepco 2 1 6 
DPL 1 1 — 
ACE 7 — — 
_________
(a)Exelon's estimated contributions include contributions related to Generation's qualified pension plans. These payments are based on the
combined plans, as of December 31, 2021 and do not reflect the impacts of the separation.
To the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and OPEB plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual
pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. Conversely , to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the
pension and OPEB plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and OPEB contribution requirements in
future years could decrease. Additionally , expected contributions could change if Exelon changes its pension or OPEB funding
strategy .
See Note 15 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
pension and OPEB contributions.
Cash Requirements for Other Financial Commitments
The following tables summarize the Registrants'  future estimated cash payments as of December 31, 2021 under existing financial
commitments:(a)
111
Table of Contents
Exelon
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 3,357 $ 35,300 $ 38,657 2022 - 2053
Interest payments on long-term debt 1,509 23,670 25,179 2022 - 2051
Operating leases 99 937 1,036 2022 - 2106
Purchase power obligations 620 1,109 1,729 2022 - 2036
Fuel purchase agreements 1,303 5,446 6,749 2022 - 2054
Electric supply procurement 2,122 1,254 3,376 2022 - 2025
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 302 1,691 1,993 2022 - 2033
Other purchase obligations 5,247 5,806 11,053 2022 - 2046
DC PLUG obligation 33 37 70 2022 - 2024
SNF obligation — 1,210 1,210 2022 - 2035
Pension contributions 505 190 695 2022 - 2027
Total cash requirements $ 15,097 $ 76,650 $ 91,747 
__________
(a)Exelon's future estimated cash payments include future estimated cash payments for Generation.
(b)Includes amounts from ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(c)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2021. Includes estimated interest payments due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(d)Capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $57 million and $315
million for 2022 and beyond 2022, respectively, and $372 million in total.
(e)Purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for REC purchases and payments associated with contracted generation
agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that
are contingent in nature.
(f)Represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(g)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants or subsidiary and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the
normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to
period.
(h)These amounts represent Exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. Qualified pension contributions for years after 2027 are
not included.(a) (a) (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
112
Table of Contents
ComEd
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ — $ 10,084 $ 10,084 2022 - 2053
Interest payments on long-term debt 394 7,467 7,861 2022 - 2051
Operating leases 2 3 5 2022 - 2025
Electric supply procurement 474 260 734 2022 - 2024
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 271 1,438 1,709 2022 - 2033
Other purchase obligations 858 764 1,622 2022 - 2031
ZEC commitments 160 706 866 2022 - 2027
Total cash requirements $ 2,159 $ 20,722 $ 22,881 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd financing trust.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the ComEd financing trust.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ComEd and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
PECO
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 350 $ 4,084 $ 4,434 2022 - 2051
Interest payments on long-term debt 166 3,213 3,379 2022 - 2051
Operating leases — 1 1 2022 - 2034
Fuel purchase agreements 140 271 411 2022 - 2029
Electric supply procurement 490 2 492 2022 - 2023
Other purchase obligations 846 690 1,536 2022 - 2030
Total cash requirements $ 1,992 $ 8,261 $ 10,253 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the PECO financing trusts.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between PECO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
113
Table of Contents
BGE
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 250 $ 3,750 $ 4,000 2022 - 2050
Interest payments on long-term debt 138 2,312 2,450 2022 - 2050
Operating leases 16 19 35 2022 - 2106
Fuel purchase agreements 112 481 593 2022 - 2038
Electric supply procurement 764 498 1,262 2022 - 2024
Other purchase obligations 692 607 1,299 2022 - 2040
Total cash requirements $ 1,972 $ 7,667 $ 9,639 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between BGE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
PHI
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 387 $ 6,618 $ 7,005 2022 - 2051
Interest payments on long-term debt 282 3,953 4,235 2022 - 2051
Finance leases 12 67 79 2022 - 2029
Operating leases 38 230 268 2022 - 2032
Fuel purchase agreements 31 242 273 2022 - 2030
Electric supply procurement 1,097 754 1,851 2022 - 2025
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 31 253 284 2022 - 2032
Other purchase obligations 1,016 1,031 2,047 2022 - 2029
DC PLUG obligation 33 37 70 2022 - 2024
Total cash requirements $ 2,927 $ 13,185 $ 16,112 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2021.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco, DPL, ACE, and PHISCO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in
the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period
to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
114
Table of Contents
Pepco
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 309 $ 3,150 $ 3,459 2022 - 2051
Interest payments on long-term debt 149 2,287 2,436 2022 - 2051
Finance leases 4 23 27 2022 - 2029
Operating leases 8 47 55 2022 - 2032
Electric supply procurement 498 384 882 2022 - 2025
Other purchase obligations 603 551 1,154 2022 - 2026
DC PLUG obligation 33 37 70 2022 - 2024
Total cash requirements $ 1,604 $ 6,479 $ 8,083 
__________ 
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
DPL
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 78 $ 1,711 $ 1,789 2022 - 2051
Interest payments on long-term debt 63 1,013 1,076 2022 - 2051
Finance leases 5 27 32 2022 - 2029
Operating leases 10 60 70 2022 - 2027
Fuel purchase agreements 31 242 273 2022 - 2030
Electric supply procurement 298 187 485 2022 - 2024
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 31 253 284 2022 - 2032
Other purchase obligations 214 192 406 2022 - 2028
Total cash requirements $ 730 $ 3,685 $ 4,415 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2021.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between DPL and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(c)
115
Table of Contents
ACE
2022 Beyond 2022 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ — $ 1,572 $ 1,572 2022 - 2050
Interest payments on long-term debt 56 519 575 2022 - 2050
Finance leases 3 17 20 2022 - 2029
Operating leases 4 9 13 2022 - 2027
Electric supply procurement 301 183 484 2022 - 2024
Other purchase obligations 158 240 398 2022 - 2027
Total cash requirements $ 522 $ 2,540 $ 3,062 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2021 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2021 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ACE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information  of the Registrants’  other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
Additionally , see below for where to find additional information regarding the financial commitments in the tables above in the
Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements:
Item Location within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Long-term debt Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Interest payments on long-term debt Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Finance leases Note 11 — Leases
Operating leases Note 11 — Leases
SNF obligation Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
REC commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
ZEC commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
DC PLUG obligation Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Pension contributions Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Credit Facilities (All Registrants)
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper . PECO meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from
the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the
issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate  meets its short-term liquidity
requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool. The Registrants may use
their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance
of letters of credit.
See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
on the Registrants’  credit facilities and short term borrowing activity .(a)
(b)
116
Table of Contents
Capital Structure
At December 31, 2021, the capital structures of the Registrants consisted of the following:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Long-term debt 50 % 44 % 44 % 45 % 40 % 49 % 48 % 48 %
Long-term debt to af filiates 1 % 1 % 2 % — % — % — % — % — %
Common equity 45 % 55 % 54 % 53 % — % 49 % 48 % 48 %
Member ’s equity — % — % — % — % 57 % — % — % — %
Commercial paper and notes
payable 4 % — % — % 2 % 3 % 2 % 4 % 4 %
__________ 
(a)Includes approximately $390 million, $205 million, and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of Exelon, ComEd, and PECO respectively.
These special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities of ComEd and
PECO. See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the authoritative guidance for VIEs.
Security Ratings (All Registrants)
The Registra nts’ access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those
markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
The Registrants’  borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a
downgrading of a Registrant’ s securities could increase fees and interest charges under that Registrant’ s credit agreements.
As part of the normal course of business, the Registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the
Registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for
doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the Registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency ,
it is possible  that a coun terparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making  a demand for adequate assurance
of future performance, which could include the posting of additional collateral. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
The credit ratings for Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registrants did not change for the year ended December 31, 2021. On
January 14, 2022, Fitch lowered Exelon Corporate's long-term rating from BBB+ to BBB and affirmed the short-term rating of F2. In
addition, Fitch upgraded Pepco, ACE, and PHI's  long-term rating from BBB to BBB+ and upgraded Pepco and ACE's senior secured
rating from A- to A.(a)
117
Table of Contents
Intercompany Money Pool (All Registrants)
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing, both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed
from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of December 31, 2021, are presented in the following
tables. ACE did not have any intercompany money pool activity as of December 31, 2021.
For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2021
Exelon Intercompany Money PoolMaximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Exelon Corporate $ 735 $ — $ 217 
Generation — (426) — 
PECO 303 (100) — 
BSC — (435) (260)
PHI Corporate — (40) (7)
PCI 60 — 50 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2021
PHI Intercompany Money PoolMaximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Pepco $ — $ (30) $ — 
DPL 30 — — 
Shelf Registration Statements (All Registrants)
Exelon and the Utility Registrants have a curren tly effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, filed with the
SEC, that will expire in August 2022. The ability of each Registrant to sell securities off the shelf  registration statement or to access
the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required
regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the Registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
Regulatory Authorizations (All Registrants)
The Utility Registrants are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from Federal and State Commissions as
follows:
As of December 31, 2021
Short-term Financing Authority Remaining Long-term Financing Authority
Commission Expiration Date Amount Commission Expiration Date Amount
ComEd FERC December 31, 2023 $ 2,500 ICC January 1, 2025 $ 2,093 
PECO FERC December 31, 2023 1,500 PAPUC December 31, 2024 1,900 
BGE FERC December 31, 2023 700 MDPSC N/A 500 
Pepco FERC December 31, 2023 500 MDPSC / DCPSC December 31, 2022 625 
DPL FERC December 31, 2023 500 MDPSC / DEPSC December 31, 2022 172 
ACE NJBPU December 31, 2023 350 NJBPU December 31, 2022 175 
__________
(a)On October 15, 2021, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, and DPL filed applications with FERC and on July 21, 2021, ACE filed an application with
NJBPU for renewal of their short-term financing authority through December 31, 2023. ComEd received approval on December 16, 2021, PECO
and BGE received approval on December 23, 2021, Pepco and DPL received approval on December 28, 2021, and ACE received approval on
December 1, 2021.
(b)On November 18, 2021, ComEd had an additional $2 billion in new money long-term debt financing authority from the ICC with an effective date
of January 1, 2022 and an expiration date of January 1, 2025.
(c)On December 2, 2021, PECO received approval from the PAPUC for $2.5 billion in new long-term debt financing authority with an effective date
of January 1, 2022.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
118
Table of Contents
(d)ACE is currently in the process of renewing its long-term financing authority with the NJBPU and expects approval by August 1, 2022.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Registrants are exposed to market risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, counterparty credit, interest
rates, and equity prices. Exelon manages these  risks through risk management policies and objectives for risk assessment, control
and valuation, counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring and reporting of risk exposures. Historically , reporting on risk
management issues has been to Exelon’ s Risk Management Committee, the Risk Management Committees of each Utility
Registrant, and the Risk Committee of Exelon’ s Board of Directors. After separation, reporting on risk management issues will be to
Exelon’ s Executive Com mittee, the Risk Management Committees of each Utility Registrant, and the Audit and Risk Committee of
Exelon’ s Board of Directors.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Commodity price risk is associated with price movements resulting from changes in supply and demand, fuel costs, market liquidity ,
weather conditions, governmental regulatory and environmental policies, and other factors. To the extent the total amount of energy
Exelon gene rates and purchases differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell, Exelon is exposed to market fluctuations
in commodit y prices. Exelon seeks to mitigate its commodity price risk through the sale and purchase of electricity , fossil fuel, and
other commodities.
Generation
Electricity available from Generation’ s owned or contracted generation supply in excess of Generation’ s obligations to customers,
including portions of the Utility Registrants' retail load, is sold into the wholesale markets. To reduce commodity price risk caused by
market fluctuations, Generation enters into non-derivative contracts as well as derivative contracts, including swaps, futures,
forwards, and options, with approved counterparties to hedge anticipated exposures. Generation uses derivative instruments as
economic hedges to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. We expect the settlement of the majority of our economic
hedges will occur during 2022 through 2024.
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions which have not been hedged. For merchant revenues not already hedged via
comprehensive state programs, such as the CMC in Illinois, we utilize a three-year ratable sales plan to align our hedging strategy
with our financial objectives. The prompt three-year merchant revenues are hedged on an approximate rolling 90%/60%/30% basis.
We may also enter transactions that are outside of this ratable hedging program.As of Dece mber 31, 2021, the percentage of
expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, and ERCOT  reportable segments is 92%-95% and 73%-76%
for 2022 and 2023, respectively . The percentage of expected generation hedged is the amoun t of equivalent sales divided by the
expected generation. Expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets
from owned or contracted generation based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market
conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power , fuel, load following products and options. Equivalent sales represent all
hedging products, which include economic hedges, CMC payments, and certain non-derivative contracts.
A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be accomplished with fuel products based on assumed correlations between power
and fuel prices, which routinely change in the market. Market price risk exposure is the risk of a change in the value of unhedged
positions. The forecasted market price risk exposure for Generation’ s entire economic hedge portfolio associated with a $5/MWh
reduction in the annual average around-the-clock  energy price based on December 31, 2021 market conditions and hedged position
would be a decrease in pre-tax net income of approximately $20 million and $243 million for 2022 and 2023, respectively . Power
price sensitivities are derived by adjusting power price assumptions while keeping all other price inputs constant. Generation actively
manages its portfolio to mitigate market price risk exposure for its unhedged position. Actual results could differ depending on the
specific timing of, and markets affected by, price changes, as well as future changes in Generation’ s portfolio. See Note 16 —
Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Fuel Procurement
119
Table of Contents
Generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts, and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies
are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. Supply market conditions
may make Generation’ s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to
deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices.
Utility Registrants
ComEd entered into 20-year floating-to-fixed renewable energy swap contracts beginning in June 2012, which are considered an
economic hedge and have changes in fair value recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset or liability . ComEd has block energy
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process, which are considered derivatives
and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accoun ted for on an accrual basis of accounting. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process . BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have
certain full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accounted for on an
accrual basis of accounting. Other full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
PECO, BGE , and DPL also have executed derivative natural gas contracts, which either qualify for NPNS or have no mark-to-market
balances because the derivatives are index priced, to hedge their long-term price risk in the natural gas market. The hedging
programs for natural gas procurement have no direct impact on their financial statements. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE do
not execute derivatives for speculative purposes.
For additional information on these contracts, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Trading and Non-Trading Marketing Activities
The following table detailing Exelon’ s (including Generation's) and ComEd’ s trading and non-trading marketing activities is included
to address the recommended disclosures by the energy industry’ s Committee of Chief Risk Of ficers (CCRO).
The following table provides detail on changes in Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s commodity mark-to-m arket net asset or liability balance
sheet position from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2021. It indicates the drivers behind changes in the balance sheet
amounts. This table incorporates the mark-to-market activities that are immediately recorded in earnings. This table excludes all
NPNS contracts and does not segregate proprietary trading activity . See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the balance sheet classification of the mark-to-
market energy contract net assets (liabilities) recorded as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
120
Table of Contents
Exelon ComEd
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 567 $ (301)
Total change in fair value during 2020 of contracts recorded in result of operations (203) — 
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations 469 — 
Changes in allocated collateral (513) — 
Net option premium paid 139 — 
Option premium amortization (104) — 
Upfront payments and amortizations 73 — 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 428 (301)
Total change in fair value during 2021 of contracts recorded in result of operations 797 — 
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations (228) — 
Changes in fair value—recorded through regulatory assets 82 82 
Changes in allocated collateral 96 — 
Net option premium paid 338 — 
Option premium amortization (125) — 
Upfront payments and amortizations 15 — 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 1,403 $ (219)
__________
(a)Exelon's balance related to Generation is shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties.
(b)For ComEd, the changes in fair value are recorded as a change in regulatory assets. As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, ComEd recorded a
regulatory asset of $301 million and $219 million, respectively, related to its mark-to-market derivative liabilities with unaffiliated suppliers.
ComEd recorded $33 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $33 million in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2020. ComEd
recorded $62 million of increases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $20 million recorded in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2021.
(c)Includes derivative contracts acquired or sold by Generation through upfront payments or receipts of cash, excluding option premiums, and the
associated amortizations.
Fair Values
The followin g tables present maturity and source of fair value for Exelon and ComEd mark-to-market commodity contract net assets
(liabilities). The tables provide two fundamental pieces of information. First, the tables provide the source of fair value used in
determining the carrying amount of Exelon's and ComEd's total mark-to-market net assets (liabilities), net of allocated collateral.
Second, the tables show the maturity , by year, of Exelon's and ComEd's commodity contract net assets (liabilities), net of allocated
collateral, giving an indication of when these mark-to-market amounts will settle and either generate or require cash. See Note 18 —
Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy .(a)
(c) 
(a)
(b)
(c) 
(a)
121
Table of Contents
Exelon
Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value 2022 2023 2024 2025 20262027 and
Beyond
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative contracts :
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $711 $ 66 $ 53 $ 43 $ 24 $ — $ 897 
Prices provided by external sources (Level 2) 442 436 (60) 1 — — 819 
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3) 19 (93) 2 (15) (45) (181) (313)
Total $1,172 $409 $ (5) $ 29 $(21) $ (181) $ 1,403 
__________
(a)Exelon's maturity by year includes maturities related to Generation's mark-to-market contract net assets (liabilities).
(b)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in results of operations.
(c)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid/(received) from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $512 million
at December 31, 2021.
(d)Includes ComEd’s net assets (liabilities) associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
ComEd
Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value 2022 2023 2024 2025 20262027 and
Beyond
Commodity derivative contracts:
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3) $(18) $(19) $(21) $(20) $(21) $ (120) $ (219)
__________
(a)Represents ComEd’s net liabilities associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
Credit Risk (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties that execute derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date. See Note 16—Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a
detailed discussion of credit risk.
Generation
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, NPNS, and payables and
receivables, net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as of December 31, 2021. The tables
further delin eate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the concentration of credit risk to
individual counterparties and an indication of the duration of a company’ s credit risk by credit rating of the counterparties. The figures
in the table below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail customers, uranium procurement contracts, and exposure
through R TOs, ISOs, and commodity exchanges, which are discussed below .(a)(b)(c)
(d)
(a)
(a)
122
Table of Contents
Rating as of December 31, 2021Total
Exposure
Before Credit
CollateralCredit
CollateralNet
ExposureNumber of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net ExposureNet Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 715 $ 176 $ 539 1 $ 106 
Non-investment grade 13 — 13 — — 
No external ratings
Internally rated—investment
grade 111 — 111 — — 
Internally rated—non-investment
grade 226 47 179 — — 
Total $ 1,065 $ 223 $ 842 1 $ 106 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2021, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $163 million of cash and
$60 million of letters of credit.
Maturity of Credit Risk Exposure
Rating as of December 31, 2021Less than
2 Years2-5
YearsExposure
Greater than
5 YearsTotal Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral
Investment grade $ 605 $ 62 $ 48 $ 715 
Non-investment grade 13 — — 13 
No external ratings
Internally rated—investment grade 111 — — 111 
Internally rated—non-investment grade 181 39 6 226 
Total $ 910 $ 101 $ 54 $ 1,065 
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty As of December 31, 2021
Financial institutions $ 32 
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 711 
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 62 
Other 37 
Total $ 842 
The Utility Registrants
Credit risk for the Utility Registrants is gove rned by credit and collection policies, which are aligned with state regulatory
requirements. The Utility Registrants are currently obligated to provide service to all electric customers within their franchised
territories. The Utility Registrants record an allowance for credit losses on customer receivables, based upon historical loss
experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors, to provide for the potential loss from nonpayment by these
customers. The Utility Registrants will monitor nonpayment from customers and will make any necessary adjustments to the
allowance for credit losses on customer receiv ables. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for the allowance for credit losses policy . The Utility Registrants did not have any customers
representing over 10% of their revenues as of December 31, 2021. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the regulatory recov ery of credit losses on customer
accounts receivable.
As of December 31, 2021, the Utility Registrants net credit exposure to suppliers was immaterial. See Note 16 — Derivative
Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features (All Registrants)
Generation(a)
123
Table of Contents
As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physical or financial contracts for the sale and purchase of
electricity , natural gas, and other commodities. In accordance with the contracts and applicable law, if Generation is downgraded by
a credit rating agency , especially if such downg rade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would
attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance. Depending on
Generation’ s net position with a counterparty , the demand could be for the posting of collateral. In the absence of expressly agreed-
to provisions  that specify the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circumstances of
the situation  at the time of the demand. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding collateral requirements and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the letters of credit supporting the
cash collateral.
Generation transacts output through bilateral contracts. The bilateral contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of
counterparties to meet their contractual payme nt obligations. As market prices rise above or fall below contracted price levels,
Generation is required to post collateral with purchasers; as market prices fall below contracted price levels, counterparties are
required to post collatera l with Generation. To post collateral, Generation depends on access to bank credit facilities, which serve as
liquidity sources to fund collateral requirements. See ITEM 7. Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Matters — Exelon Credit
Facilities for additional information.
The Utility Registrants
As of December 31, 2021, the Utility Registrants were not required to post collateral under their energy and/or natural gas
procurement contracts. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
RTOs and ISOs (All Registrants)
All Registran ts participat e in all, or some, of the established, wholesale spot energy markets that are administered by PJM, ISO-NE,
NYISO, CAISO, MISO, SPP, AESO, OIESO, and ERCOT . ERCOT  is not subject to regulation by FERC but performs a similar
function in Texas to that performed by RTOs in markets regulated by FERC. In these areas, power is traded through bilateral
agreements between buyers and sellers and on the spot energy markets that are administered by the RTOs or ISOs, as applicable.
In areas where there is no spot energy market, electricity is purchased and sold solely through bilateral agreements. For sales into
the spot markets admini stered by an RTO or ISO, the RTO or ISO maintains financial assurance policies that are established and
enforced by those admin istrators. The credit policies of the RTOs and ISOs may, under certain circumstances, require that losses
arising from the default of one member on spot energy market transactions be shared by the remaining participants. Non-
performance or non-payment by a major counterparty could result in a material adverse impact on the Registrants’  financial
statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on the February 2021 extreme cold weather event and Texas-based generating asset outages.
Exchange T raded T ransactions (Exelon, PHI, and DPL)
Generation enters into commodity transactions on NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX, and the Nodal exchange ("the Exchanges"). DPL
enters into commodity transactions on ICE. The Exchange clearinghouses act as the counterpart y to each trade. Transactions on the
Exchanges must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. As a result, transactions on Exchanges are
significantly collateralized and have limited counterparty credit risk.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (Exelon)
Exelon and Generation use a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage interest rate exposure. Exelon and
Generation may also utilize interest rate swaps to manage their interest rate exposure. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in the
interest rates  associated with unhedged variable -rate debt (excluding Commercial Paper) and fixed-to-floating swaps would result in
approximately a $2 millio n decrease in Exelon pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2021. To manage foreign exchange
rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, Generation utilizes foreign
currency derivatives, which
124
Table of Contents
are typically  designated as economic hedge s. See Note 16—Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Equity Price Risk (Exelon)
Generation maintains trust funds, as required by the NRC, to fund certain costs of decommissioning its nuclear plants. Generation’ s
NDT funds are reflected at fair value in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The mix of securities in the trust funds is designed to
provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to compensate Generation for inflationary increases in decommissioning
costs; however , the equity securities in the trust funds are exposed to price fluctuations in equity markets, and the value of fixed-rate,
fixed-income securities are exposed to changes in interest rates. Generation actively monitors the investment performance of the
trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocation in accordance with Generation’ s NDT fund investment policy . A hypothetical 25
basis points increase in interest rates and 10% decrease in equity prices would result in a $892  million reduction in the fair value of
the trust assets as of December 31, 2021. This calculation holds all other variables constant and assumes only the discussed
changes in interest rates  and equity prices. See Liquidity and Capital Resources section of ITEM  7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS for additional information.
125
Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The manage ment of Exelon Corporation (Exelo n) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Exelon’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Exelon’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiv eness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 25, 2022
126
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The manage ment of Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd) is responsible for establishing  and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ComEd’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ComEd’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 25, 2022
127
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of PECO Energy Company (PECO) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PECO’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PECO’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 25, 2022
128
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
BGE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, BGE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 25, 2022
129
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Pepco Holdings LLC (PHI) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PHI’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PHI’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PHI’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, PHI’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 25, 2022
130
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Potomac Electric Power Company (Pepco) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Pepco’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Pepco’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
  
February 25, 2022
131
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Delmarva Power & Light Company (DPL) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
DPL’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of DPL’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, DPL’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, DPL ’s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 25, 2022
132
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Atlantic City Electric Company (ACE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ACE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ACE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 25, 2022
133
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Exelon Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(1)(i), and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1 )(ii), of Exelon Corporation and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial repor ting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the conso lidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Compan y as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2021 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions
on the Company’ s consolidated financial statem ents and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm register ed with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit s in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
134
Table of Contents
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below , providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Annual Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) Assessment
As described in Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a legal obligation to decommission its
nuclear generation stations following permanent cessation of operations. To estimate its decommissioning obligations related to its
nuclear generating statio ns for financial accounting and reporting purposes, management uses a probability-weighted, discounted
cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple outcome scenarios that include significant estimates and
assumptions, and are based on decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates, probabilistic cash flow models, and discount
rates. Management updates its ARO annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent upda tes, based on its review of updated
cost studies and its annual evaluation of cost escalation factors and probabilities assigned to various scenarios. As of December 31,
2021, the nuclear decommissioning ARO was $12.7 billion.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company’ s annual nuclear
decommissioning ARO assessment is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when estimating its
decommissioning obliga tions; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity , and effort in performing procedures
and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s discounted cash flow model and significant assumptions related to
decommissioning cost studies. In addition, the audit ef fort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used in management’ s ARO assessmen t. These procedures also included,
among others, testing management’ s process for estimating the decommissioning obligations by evaluating the appropriateness of
the discoun ted cash flow model, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management, and evaluating the
reasonableness of management’ s significant assumptions related to decommissioning cost studies. Professionals with specialized
skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the results of decommissioning cost studies.
Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Generation Assets
As described in Notes 1, 8, and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived
assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indica te that the carrying value of those
assets may not be recov erable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to,
declines in energy prices, condition of the asset,  or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life.
Management determine s if long-lived assets or asset groups are potentially impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected
future cash flows to the carrying value when indicators of impairment exist. When the undiscou nted cash flow analysis indicates a
long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess
of the carryi ng amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value  analysis is primarily based on the
income approach using significant unobserva ble inputs including revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital and
maintenance expenditures, and discount rates. As of December 31, 2021, the total carrying value of long-lived generation assets
subject to this assessment was $19.6 billion.
135
Table of Contents
The principa l considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company’ s impairment assessment of
long-lived generation assets is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by managemen t in assessing the recoverability and
estimating the fair value of these long-lived generation assets or asset groups; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment,
subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s significant assumptions related
to revenue and genera tion forecasts. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and
knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used to assess the recoverability and estimate the fair value of the Company’ s
long-lived generation assets or asset groups. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’ s process for
developing the expected future cash flows for the long-lived generation assets or asset groups by evaluating the appropriateness of
the future cash flow model, testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management, and evaluating the
reasonableness of management’ s significant assumptions related to revenue and generation forecasts. Evaluating the
reasonableness of the revenue and generation forecasts involved considering whether the forecasts were consistent with future
commodity prices and external market data. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the
reasonableness of the revenue forecasts.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its current ly recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of
December 31, 2021, there were $9.5 billion of regulatory assets and $10.0 billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2000.
136
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Commonwealth Edison Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(2)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(ii), of Commonwealth Edison Company
and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
137
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $2.2 billion of regulatory assets and $6.9
billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000.
138
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of PECO Energy Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(3)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(3)(ii), of PECO Energy Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
139
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $991 million of regulatory assets and $729
million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1932.
140
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(4)(i), and the
financial statement sche dule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(4)(ii), of Baltimor e Gas and Electric Company (the
“Company”) (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicate d to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicati ng the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in the financial statements the effects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory asset s or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
141
Table of Contents
respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $692 million of regulatory assets and $960 million of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company ’s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since at least 1993. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
142
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Pepco Holdings LLC
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(5)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(5)( ii), of Pepco Holdings LLC and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
143
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $2.2 billion of regulatory assets and $1.3
billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001.
144
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Potomac Electric Power Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(ii), of Potomac Electric Power Company (the
“Company”) (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicate d to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicati ng the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in the financial statements the effects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory asset s or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
145
Table of Contents
respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $745 million of regulatory assets and $563 million of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company ’s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
146
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Delmarva Power & Light Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(ii), of Delmarva Power & Light Company (the
“Company”) (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicate d to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicati ng the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in the financial statements the effects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory asset s or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
147
Table of Contents
respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $280 million of regulatory assets and $466 million of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company ’s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
148
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Atlantic City Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(8)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(ii), of Atlantic City Electric Company and
its subsidiary (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
149
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2021, there were $491 million of regulatory assets and $252
million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 25, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998.
150
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Incom e
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Competitive businesses revenues $ 18,467  $ 16,400  $ 17,754  
Rate-regulated utility revenues 17,709  16,633  16,839  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 171 6 (155)
Total operating revenues 36,347  33,039  34,438  
Operating expenses
Competitive businesses purchased power and fuel 12,157  9,592  10,849  
Rate-regulated utility purchased power and fuel 5,207  4,512  4,648  
Operating and maintenance 8,659  9,408  8,615  
Depreciation and amortization 6,036  5,014  4,252  
Taxes other than income taxes 1,766  1,714  1,732  
     Total operating expenses 33,825  30,240  30,096  
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 201 24 31 
Gain on deconsolidation of business — — 1 
Operating income 2,723  2,823  4,374  
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (1,546 ) (1,610 ) (1,591 )
Interest expense to af filiates (25) (25) (25)
Other , net 1,056  1,145  1,227  
      Total other income and (deductions) (515) (490) (389)
Income before income taxes 2,208  2,333  3,985  
Income taxes 370 373 774 
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (9) (6) (183)
Net income 1,829  1,954  3,028  
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 123 (9) 92 
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 1,706  $ 1,963  $ 2,936  
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes
Net income $ 1,829  $ 1,954  $ 3,028  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost (4) (40) (65)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost 223 190 149 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation adjustment 432 (357) (289)
Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges (1) (3) — 
Unrealized gain on investments in unconsolidated af filiates — — 1 
Unrealized gain on foreign currency translation — 4 6 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 650 (206) (198)
Comprehensive income 2,479  1,748  2,830  
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 123 (9) 93 
Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,356  $ 1,757  $ 2,737  
Average shares of common stock outstanding:
Basic 979 976 973 
Assumed exercise and/or distributions of stock-based awards 1 1 1 
Diluted 980 977 974 
Earnings per average common share:
Basic $ 1.74 $ 2.01 $ 3.02 
Diluted $ 1.74 $ 2.01 $ 3.01 
__________
(a) The number of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive ef fect was zero for the year
ended December 31, 2021 and less than 1 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 .(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
151
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 1,829  $ 1,954  $ 3,028  
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization 7,573  6,527  5,780  
Asset impairments 552 591 201 
Gain on sales of assets and businesses (201) (24) (27)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 18 309 681 
Net fair value changes related to derivatives (568) (268) 222 
Net realized and unrealized gains on NDT  funds (586) (461) (663)
Net unrealized losses (gains) on equity investments 160 (186) — 
Other non-cash operating activities (200) 592 613 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (703) 697 (243)
Inventories (141) (85) (87)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 440 (129) (425)
Option premiums paid, net (338) (139) (29)
Collateral (posted) received, net (74) 494 (438)
Income taxes 327 140 (64)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (665) (601) (408)
Other assets and liabilities (4,411 ) (5,176 ) (1,482 )
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 3,012  4,235  6,659  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (7,981 ) (8,048 ) (7,248 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales 6,532  3,341  10,051  
Investment in NDT  funds (6,673 ) (3,464 ) (10,087 )
Collection of DPP 3,902  3,771  — 
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net — — (41)
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses 877 46 53 
Other investing activities 26 18 12 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (3,317 ) (4,336 ) (7,260 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 269 161 781 
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 1,380  500 — 
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days (350) — (125)
Issuance of long-term debt 3,481  7,507  1,951  
Retirement of long-term debt (1,640 ) (6,440 ) (1,287 )
Dividends paid on common stock (1,497 ) (1,492 ) (1,408 )
Acquisition of CENG noncontrolling interest (885) — — 
Proceeds from employee stock plans 80 45 112 
Other financing activities (80) (136) (82)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 758 145 (58)
 Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 453 44 (659)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 1,166  1,122  1,781  
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 1,619  $ 1,166  $ 1,122  
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 16 $ 194 $ (7)
Increase in DPP 3,652  4,441  — 
Increase in PP&E related to ARO update 642 850 968 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
152
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,182  $ 663 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 393 438 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 3,913 3,597
Customer allowance for credit losses (375) (366)
Customer accounts receivable, net 3,538  3,231  
Other accounts receivable 1,664 1,469
Other allowance for credit losses (76) (71)
Other accounts receivable, net 1,588  1,398  
Mark-to-market derivative assets 2,169  644 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 389 297 
Materials and supplies 1,480  1,425  
Regulatory assets 1,296  1,228  
Renewable energy credits 529 633 
Assets held for sale 13 958 
Other 1,380  1,647  
Total current assets 13,957  12,562  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$30,318  and $ 26,727  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 84,219  82,584  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 8,224  8,759  
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 15,938  14,464  
Investments 443 440 
Goodwill 6,677  6,677  
Mark-to-market derivative assets 949 555 
Other 2,606  3,276  
Total deferred debits and other assets 34,837  34,171  
Total assets $ 133,013  $ 129,317  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
153
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 3,330  $ 2,031  
Long-term debt due within one year 3,373  1,819  
Accounts payable 4,136  3,562  
Accrued expenses 1,955  2,078  
Payables to af filiates 5 5 
Regulatory liabilities 376 581 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 999 295 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 91 100 
Renewable energy credit obligation 779 661 
Liabilities held for sale 3 375 
Other 1,064  1,264  
Total current liabilities 16,111  12,771  
Long-term debt 35,324  35,093  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 390 390 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 14,194  13,035  
Asset retirement obligations 13,090  12,300  
Pension obligations 2,990  4,503  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 1,687  2,011  
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,210  1,208  
Regulatory liabilities 9,628  9,485  
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 714 473 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 147 238 
Other 2,733  2,942  
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 46,393  46,195  
Total liabilities 98,218  94,449  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock ( No par value, 2,000  shares authorized, 979 shares and 976 shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 20,324  19,373  
Treasury stock, at cost ( 2 shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2020) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 16,942  16,735  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (2,750 ) (3,400 )
Total shareholders’  equity 34,393  32,585  
Noncontrolling interests 402 2,283  
Total equity 34,795  34,868  
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 133,013  $ 129,317  
__________
(a)Exelon’s consolidated assets include $2,549 million and $10,200 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of certain VIEs that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Exelon’s consolidated liabilities include $1,077 million and $3,598 million as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Exelon. See Note 23–Variable
Interest Entities for additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
154
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Shareholders' Equity
(In millions, shares in thousands)Issued
SharesCommon
StockTreasury
StockRetained
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss, netNoncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 970,020 $19,116 $ (123)$14,743 $ (2,995)$ 2,306 $ 33,047 
Net income — — — 2,936 — 92 3,028 
Long-term incentive plan activity 3,111 40 — — — — 40 
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 1,285 112 — — — — 112 
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 6 — — — — 6 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (48) (48)
Common stock dividends
($1.45/common share) — — — (1,412) — — (1,412)
Other comprehensive loss, net of
income taxes — — — — (199) (1) (200)
Balance, December 31, 2019 974,416 $19,274 $ (123)$16,267 $ (3,194)$ 2,349 $ 34,573 
Net income (loss) — — — 1,963 — (9) 1,954 
Long-term incentive plan
activity 1,570 40 — — — — 40 
Employee stock purchase
plan issuances 1,480 56 — — — — 56 
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 3 — — — — 3 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (57) (57)
Common stock dividends
($1.53/common share) — — — (1,495) — — (1,495)
Other comprehensive loss, net of
income taxes — — — — (206) — (206)
Balance, December 31, 2020 977,466 $19,373 $ (123)$16,735 $ (3,400)$ 2,283 $ 34,868 
Net income — — — 1,706 — 123 1,829 
Long-term incentive plan activity 1,734 69 — — — — 69 
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 2,091 90 — — — — 90 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (37) (37)
Acquisition of CENG noncontrolling
interest — 1,080 — — — (1,965) (885)
Deferred tax adjustment related to
acquisition of CENG noncontrolling
interest — (290) — — — — (290)
Common stock dividends
($1.53/common share) — — — (1,499) — — (1,499)
Acquisition of other noncontrolling
interest — 2 — — — (2) — 
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — — — 650 — 650 
Balance, December 31, 2021 981,291 $20,324 $ (123)$16,942 $ (2,750)$ 402 $ 34,795 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
155
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 6,323  $ 5,914  $ 5,850  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 42 (47) (133)
Operating revenues from af filiates 41 37 30 
Total operating revenues 6,406  5,904  5,747  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,888  1,653  1,565  
Purchased power from af filiates 383 345 376 
Operating and maintenance 1,048  1,231  1,041  
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 307 289 264 
Depreciation and amortization 1,205  1,133  1,033  
Taxes other than income taxes 320 299 301 
Total operating expenses 5,151  4,950  4,580  
Gain on sales of assets — — 4 
Operating income 1,255  954 1,171  
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (376) (369) (346)
Interest expense to af filiates (13) (13) (13)
Other , net 48 43 39 
Total other income and (deductions) (341) (339) (320)
Income before income taxes 914 615 851 
Income taxes 172 177 163 
Net income $ 742 $ 438 $ 688 
Comprehensive income $ 742 $ 438 $ 688 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
156
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 742 $ 438 $ 688 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 1,205  1,133  1,033  
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 244 228 109 
Other non-cash operating activities 126 202 265 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
     Accounts receivable (25) (10) (34)
     Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 32 (1) (12)
     Inventories (2) (13) (16)
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses — 63 (51)
     Collateral received, net — 14 48 
     Income taxes — 8 95 
     Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (196) (148) (77)
     Other assets and liabilities (531) (590) (345)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,595  1,324  1,703  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (2,387 ) (2,217 ) (1,915 )
Other investing activities 26 2 29 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (2,361 ) (2,215 ) (1,886 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (323) 193 130 
Issuance of long-term debt 1,150  1,000  700 
Retirement of long-term debt (350) (500) (300)
Dividends paid on common stock (507) (499) (508)
Contributions from parent 791 712 250 
Other financing activities (16) (13) (16)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 745 893 256 
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (21) 2 73 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 405 403 330 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 384 $ 405 $ 403 
Supplemental cash flow information
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (46)$ 109 $ (37)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
157
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 131 $ 83 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 210 279 
Accounts receivable
       Customer accounts receivable 647 656
       Customer allowance for credit losses (73) (97)
          Customer accounts receivable, net 574 559 
       Other accounts receivable 227 239
       Other allowance for credit losses (17) (21)
          Other accounts receivable, net 210 218 
Receivables from af filiates 16 22 
Inventories, net 170 170 
Regulatory assets 335 279 
Other 76 49 
Total current assets 1,722  1,659  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$6,099  and $ 5,672  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 25,995  24,557  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 1,870  1,749  
Investments 6 6 
Goodwill 2,625  2,625  
Receivables from af filiates 2,761  2,541  
Prepaid pension asset 1,086  1,022  
Other 405 307 
Total deferred debits and other assets 8,753  8,250  
Total assets $ 36,470  $ 34,466  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
158
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ — $ 323 
Long-term debt due within one year — 350 
Accounts payable 647 683 
Accrued expenses 384 390 
Payables to af filiates 121 96 
Customer deposits 99 86 
Regulatory liabilities 185 289 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 18 33 
Other 133 143 
Total current liabilities 1,587  2,393  
Long-term debt 9,773  8,633  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 205 205 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 4,685  4,341  
Asset retirement obligations 144 126 
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 169 173 
Regulatory liabilities 6,759  6,403  
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 201 268 
Other 592 595 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 12,550  11,906  
Total liabilities 24,115  23,137  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Commo n stock ($ 12.50  par value, 250 shares authorized, 127 shares outstanding as
of December 31, 2021 and 2020) 1,588  1,588  
Other paid-in capital 9,076  8,285  
Retained deficit unappropriated (1,639 ) (1,639 )
Retained earnings appropriated 3,330  3,095  
Total shareholders’  equity 12,355  11,329  
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 36,470  $ 34,466  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
159
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity
(In millions)Common
StockOther
Paid-In
CapitalRetained Deficit
UnappropriatedRetained
Earnings
AppropriatedTotal
Shareholders’
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,588  $ 7,322  $ (1,639 )$ 2,976  $ 10,247  
Net income — — 688 — 688 
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (688) 688 — 
Common stock dividends — — — (508) (508)
Contributions from parent — 250 — — 250 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,588  $ 7,572  $ (1,639 )$ 3,156  $ 10,677  
Net income — — 438 — 438 
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (438) 438 — 
Common stock dividends — — — (499) (499)
Contributions from parent — 713 — — 713 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,588  $ 8,285  $ (1,639 )$ 3,095  $ 11,329  
Net income — — 742 — 742 
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (742) 742 — 
Common stock dividends — — — (507) (507)
Contributions from parent — 791 — — 791 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 1,588  $ 9,076  $ (1,639 )$ 3,330  $ 12,355  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
160
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,613  $ 2,519  $ 2,505  
Natural gas operating revenues 538 514 610 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 26 16 (21)
Operating revenues from af filiates 21 9 6 
Total operating revenues 3,198  3,058  3,100  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 699 645 610 
Purchased fuel 188 185 262 
Purchased power from af filiates 194 188 157 
Operating and maintenance 757 816 707 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 177 159 154 
Depreciation and amortization 348 347 333 
Taxes other than income taxes 184 172 165 
Total operating expenses 2,547  2,512  2,388  
Gain on sales of assets — — 1 
Operating income 651 546 713 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (149) (136) (124)
Interest expense to af filiates, net (12) (11) (12)
Other , net 26 18 16 
Total other income and (deductions) (135) (129) (120)
Income before income taxes 516 417 593 
Income taxes 12 (30) 65 
Net income $ 504 $ 447 $ 528 
Comprehensive income $ 504 $ 447 $ 528 
    
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
161
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 504 $ 447 $ 528 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 348 347 333 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax
credits 11 (23) 20 
Other non-cash operating activities — 24 38 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (35) (88) (29)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 21 (6) (5)
Inventories (26) (1) 4 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 15 63 (11)
Income taxes 5 31 (34)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (18) (18) (28)
Other assets and liabilities (52) 1 (65)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 773 777 751 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,240 ) (1,147 ) (939)
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool — 68 (68)
Other investing activities 9 7 (1)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,231 ) (1,072 ) (1,008 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Issuance of long-term debt 750 350 325 
Retirement of long-term debt (300) — — 
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool (40) 40 — 
Dividends paid on common stock (339) (340) (358)
Contributions from parent 414 248 188 
Other financing activities (9) (4) (6)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 476 294 149 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 18 (1) (108)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 26 27 135 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 44 $ 26 $ 27 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 26 $ 55 $ 40 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
162
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 36 $ 19 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 8 7 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 489 511
Customer allowance for credit losses (105) (116)
Customer accounts receivable, net 384 395 
Other accounts receivable 116 130
Other allowance for credit losses (7) (8)
Other accounts receivable, net 109 122 
Receivables from af filiates 1 2 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 51 33 
Materials and supplies 45 38 
Regulatory assets 48 25 
Other 29 21 
Total current assets 711 662 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,964  and $ 3,843  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 11,117  10,181  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 943 776 
Investments 34 30 
Receivables from af filiates 597 475 
Prepaid pension asset 386 375 
Other 36 32 
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,996  1,688  
Total assets $ 13,824  $ 12,531  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
163
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year $ 350 $ 300 
Accounts payable 494 479 
Accrued expenses 136 129 
Payables to af filiates 70 50 
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool — 40 
Customer deposits 48 59 
Regulatory liabilities 94 121 
Other 35 30 
Total current liabilities 1,227  1,208  
Long-term debt 3,847  3,453  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 184 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,421  2,242  
Asset retirement obligations 29 29 
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 286 286 
Regulatory liabilities 635 503 
Other 83 93 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 3,454  3,153  
Total liabilities 8,712  7,998  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ( No par value, 500 shares authorized, 170 shares outstanding as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020) 3,428  3,014  
Retained earnings 1,684  1,519  
Total shareholder's equity 5,112  4,533  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 13,824  $ 12,531  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
164
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 2,578  $ 1,242  $ 3,820  
Net income — 528 528 
Common stock dividends — (358) (358)
Contributions from parent 188 — 188 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 2,766  $ 1,412  $ 4,178  
Net income — 447 447 
Common stock dividends — (340) (340)
Contributions from parent 248 — 248 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 3,014  $ 1,519  $ 4,533  
Net income — 504 504 
Common stock dividends — (339) (339)
Contributions from parent 414 — 414 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 3,428  $ 1,684  $ 5,112  
 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
165
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,497  $ 2,323  $ 2,368  
Natural gas operating revenues 801 739 700 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 12 16 12 
Operating revenues from af filiates 31 20 26 
Total operating revenues 3,341  3,098  3,106  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 699 509 585 
Purchased fuel 243 171 181 
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates 233 311 286 
Operating and maintenance 618 617 600 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 193 172 160 
Depreciation and amortization 591 550 502 
Taxes other than income taxes 283 268 260 
Total operating expenses 2,860  2,598  2,574  
Operating income 481 500 532 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (138) (133) (121)
Other , net 30 23 28 
Total other income and (deductions) (108) (110) (93)
Income before income taxes 373 390 439 
Income taxes (35) 41 79 
Net income $ 408 $ 349 $ 360 
Comprehensive income $ 408 $ 349 $ 360 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
166
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 408 $ 349 $ 360 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 591 550 502 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (17) 37 130 
Other non-cash operating activities 75 97 85 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable 30 (165) 25 
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (13) (8) 1 
Inventories (29) 10 (1)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 14 102 (43)
Income taxes 20 60 (67)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (81) (78) (48)
Other assets and liabilities (269) (70) (196)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 729 884 748 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,226 ) (1,247 ) (1,145 )
Other investing activities 18 2 8 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,208 ) (1,245 ) (1,137 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 130 (76) 40 
Issuance of long-term debt 600 400 400 
Retirement of long-term debt (300) — — 
Dividends paid on common stock (292) (246) (224)
Contributions from parent 257 411 193 
Other financing activities (6) (8) (8)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 389 481 401 
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (90) 120 12 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 145 25 13 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 55 $ 145 $ 25 
Supplemental cash flow information
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (59)$ 53 $ 6 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
167
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 51 $ 144 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 4 1 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 436 487
Customer allowance for credit losses (38) (35)
Customer accounts receivable, net 398 452 
Other accounts receivable 124 117
Other allowance for credit losses (9) (9)
Other accounts receivable, net 115 108 
Receivables from af filiates 1 3 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 42 25 
Materials and supplies 53 41 
Prepaid utility taxes 49 — 
Regulatory assets 215 168 
Other 8 6 
Total current assets 936 948 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$4,299  and $ 4,034  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 10,577  9,872  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 477 481 
Investments 14 10 
Prepaid pension asset 276 270 
Other 44 69 
Total deferred debits and other assets 811 830 
Total assets $ 12,324  $ 11,650  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
168
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 130 $ — 
Long-term debt due within one year 250 300 
Accounts payable 349 346 
Accrued expenses 176 205 
Payables to af filiates 48 61 
Customer deposits 97 110 
Regulatory liabilities 26 30 
Other 48 91 
Total current liabilities 1,124  1,143  
Long-term debt 3,711  3,364  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,686  1,521  
Asset retirement obligations 26 23 
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 175 189 
Regulatory liabilities 934 1,109  
Other 98 104 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,919  2,946  
Total liabilities 7,754  7,453  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ( No par value, 0 shares  authorized, 0 shares  outstanding as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020) 2,575  2,318  
Retained earnings 1,995  1,879  
Total shareholder's equity 4,570  4,197  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 12,324  $ 11,650  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,500 authorized and 1,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.(a) (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
169
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,714  $ 1,640  $ 3,354  
Net income — 360 360 
Common stock dividends — (224) (224)
Contributions from parent 193 — 193 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,907  $ 1,776  $ 3,683  
Net income — 349 349 
Common stock dividends — (246) (246)
Contributions from parent 411 — 411 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 2,318  $ 1,879  $ 4,197  
Net income — 408 408 
Common stock dividends — (292) (292)
Contributions from parent 257 — 257 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 2,575  $ 1,995  $ 4,570  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
170
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 4,769  $ 4,463  $ 4,639  
Natural gas operating revenues 168 162 167 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 91 21 (14)
Operating revenues from af filiates 13 17 14 
Total operating revenues 5,041  4,663  4,806  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,417  1,279  1,371  
Purchased fuel 73 69 75 
Purchased power from af filiates 367 366 352 
Operating and maintenance 925 940 939 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 179 159 143 
Depreciation and amortization 821 782 754 
Taxes other than income taxes 458 450 450 
Total operating expenses 4,240  4,045  4,084  
Gain on sales of assets — 11 — 
Operating income 801 629 722 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (267) (268) (263)
Other , net 69 57 55 
Total other income and (deductions) (198) (211) (208)
Income before income taxes 603 418 514 
Income taxes 42 (77) 38 
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate — — 1 
Net income $ 561 $ 495 $ 477 
Comprehensive income $ 561 $ 495 $ 477 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
171
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 561 $ 495 $ 477 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 821 782 754 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 24 (97) (7)
Other non-cash operating activities (12) 103 161 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (48) (159) (39)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 6 3 3 
Inventories (16) (6) (27)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 34 49 (17)
Income taxes 17 (25) 16 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (48) (39) (25)
Other assets and liabilities (182) (104) (179)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,157  1,002  1,117  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,720 ) (1,604 ) (1,355 )
Other investing activities 2 7 (3)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,718 ) (1,597 ) (1,358 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 100 160 154 
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — — (125)
Issuance of long-term debt 825 602 485 
Retirement of long-term debt (260) (128) (157)
Change in Exelon intercompany money pool (14) 9 12 
Distributions to member (703) (553) (526)
Contributions from member 683 494 398 
Other financing activities (17) (10) (5)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 614 574 236 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 53 (21) (5)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 160 181 186 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 213 $ 160 $ 181 
Supplemental cash flow information
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (6)$ 54 $ 2 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
172
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 136 $ 111 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 77 39 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 616 611
Customer allowance for credit losses (104) (86)
Customer accounts receivable, net 512 525 
Other accounts receivable 283 260
Other allowance for credit losses (39) (33)
Other accounts receivable, net 244 227 
Receivable from af filiates 2 8 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 11 6 
Materials and supplies 209 198 
Regulatory assets 432 440 
Other 69 45 
Total current assets 1,692  1,599  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$2,108  and $ 1,811  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 16,498  15,377  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 1,794  1,933  
Investments 145 140 
Goodwill 4,005  4,005  
Prepaid pension asset 344 365 
Deferred income taxes 8 10 
Other 258 307 
Total deferred debits and other assets 6,554  6,760  
Total assets $ 24,744  $ 23,736  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
173
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 468 $ 368 
Long-term debt due within one year 399 347 
Accounts payable 578 539 
Accrued expenses 281 299 
Payables to af filiates 104 104 
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 7 21 
Customer deposits 81 106 
Regulatory liabilities 68 137 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 89 92 
Other 171 141 
Total current liabilities 2,246  2,154  
Long-term debt 7,148  6,659  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,675  2,439  
Asset retirement obligations 70 59 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 66 86 
Regulatory liabilities 1,238  1,438  
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 146 235 
Other 570 622 
  Total deferred credits and other liabilities 4,765  4,879  
Total liabilities 14,159  13,692  
Commitments and contingencies
Member's equity
Membership interest 10,795  10,112  
Undistributed losses (210) (68)
Total member's equity 10,585  10,044  
Total liabilities and member's equity $ 24,744  $ 23,736  
_____________
(a)PHI’s consolidated total assets include $0 million and $18 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE
that can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. PHI’s consolidated total liabilities include $0 million and $26 million as of December 31,
2021 and 2020, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to PHI. See Note 23 - Variable Interest
Entities for additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
174
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
Gains/(Losses)Total
Member's Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,220  $ 39 $ 9,259  
Net income — 477 477 
Distribution to member — (526) (526)
Contributions from member 398 — 398 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 9,618  $ (10)$ 9,608  
Net Income — 495 495 
Distribution to member — (553) (553)
Contributions from member 494 — 494 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 10,112  $ (68)$ 10,044  
Net income — 561 561 
Distribution to member — (703) (703)
Contributions from member 683 — 683 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 10,795  $ (210)$ 10,585  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
175
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,216  $ 2,102  $ 2,258  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 53 40 (3)
Operating revenues from af filiates 5 7 5 
Total operating revenues 2,274  2,149  2,260  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 353 324 401 
Purchased power from af filiate 271 278 264 
Operating and maintenance 258 248 273 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 213 205 209 
Depreciation and amortization 403 377 374 
Taxes other than income taxes 373 367 378 
Total operating expenses 1,871  1,799  1,899  
Gain on sales of assets — 9 — 
Operating income 403 359 361 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (140) (138) (133)
Other , net 48 38 31 
Total other income and (deductions) (92) (100) (102)
Income before income taxes 311 259 259 
Income taxes 15 (7) 16 
Net income $ 296 $ 266 $ 243 
Comprehensive income $ 296 $ 266 $ 243 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
176
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 296 $ 266 $ 243 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 403 377 374 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (8) (46) 1 
Other non-cash operating activities (52) (23) 56 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (28) (67) (22)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 6 (12) 5 
Inventories (8) 1 (19)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 16 41 (39)
Income taxes 11 (1) 9 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (11) (11) (14)
Other assets and liabilities (163) (24) (82)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 462 501 512 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (843) (773) (626)
Other investing activities (1) — 3 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (844) (773) (623)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 140 (47) 42 
Issuance of long-term debt 275 300 260 
Retirement of long-term debt — (3) (125)
Dividends paid on common stock (268) (232) (213)
Contributions from parent 244 262 160 
Other financing activities (6) (6) (3)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 385 274 121 
Increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 3 2 10 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 65 63 53 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 68 $ 65 $ 63 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 30 $ 1 $ 39 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
177
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 34 $ 30 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 34 35 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 277 279
Customer allowance for credit losses (37) (32)
Customer accounts receivable, net 240 247 
Other accounts receivable 160 131
Other allowance for credit losses (16) (13)
Other accounts receivable, net 144 118 
Receivables from af filiates — 2 
Inventories, net 119 111 
Regulatory assets 213 214 
Other 25 13 
Total current assets 809 770 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,875  and $ 3,697  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 8,104  7,456  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 532 570 
Investments 120 115 
Prepaid pension asset 279 284 
Other 59 69 
Total deferred debits and other assets 990 1,038  
Total assets $ 9,903  $ 9,264  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
178
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 175 $ 35 
Long-term debt due within one year 313 3 
Accounts payable 272 226 
Accrued expenses 160 164 
Payables to af filiates 59 55 
Customer deposits 35 51 
Regulatory liabilities 14 46 
Merger related obligation 27 33 
Other 55 61 
Total current liabilities 1,110  674 
Long-term debt 3,132  3,162  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,275  1,189  
Asset retirement obligations 45 39 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 3 13 
Regulatory liabilities 549 644 
Other 314 340 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,186  2,225  
Total liabilities 6,428  6,061  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 0.01 par value, 200 shares authorized, 0 shares  outstanding as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020) 2,302  2,058  
Retained earnings 1,173  1,145  
Total shareholder's equity 3,475  3,203  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 9,903  $ 9,264  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 100 outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
179
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,636  $ 1,081  $ 2,717  
Net income — 243 243 
Common stock dividends — (213) (213)
Contributions from parent 160 — 160 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,796  $ 1,111  $ 2,907  
Net income — 266 266 
Common stock dividends — (232) (232)
Contributions from parent 262 — 262 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 2,058  $ 1,145  $ 3,203  
Net income — 296 296 
Common stock dividends — (268) (268)
Contributions from parent 244 — 244 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 2,302  $ 1,173  $ 3,475  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
180
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 1,191  $ 1,107  $ 1,143  
Natural gas operating revenues 168 162 167 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 14 (7) (11)
Operating revenues from af filiates 7 9 7 
Total operating revenues 1,380  1,271  1,306  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 387 359 381 
Purchased fuel 73 69 75 
Purchased power from af filiates 79 75 70 
Operating and maintenance 183 208 171 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 162 153 152 
Depreciation and amortization 210 191 184 
Taxes other than income taxes 67 65 56 
Total operating expenses 1,161  1,120  1,089  
Operating income 219 151 217 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (61) (61) (61)
Other , net 12 10 13 
Total other income and (deductions) (49) (51) (48)
Income before income taxes 170 100 169 
Income taxes 42 (25) 22 
Net income $ 128 $ 125 $ 147 
Comprehensive income $ 128 $ 125 $ 147 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
181
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 128 $ 125 $ 147 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 210 191 184 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 39 (13) (7)
Other non-cash operating activities 3 51 27 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable 15 (34) (5)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (3) 8 (5)
Inventories (8) (5) (6)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 16 4 3 
Income taxes 13 (25) 12 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (1) — (1)
Other assets and liabilities (27) (30) (55)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 385 272 294 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (429) (424) (348)
Other investing activities 4 (3) 1 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (425) (427) (347)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 3 90 56 
Issuance of long-term debt 125 178 75 
Retirement of long-term debt — (80) (12)
Dividends paid on common stock (147) (141) (139)
Contributions from parent 120 112 63 
Other financing activities (5) (2) (1)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 96 157 42 
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 56 2 (11)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 15 13 24 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 71 $ 15 $ 13 
Supplemental cash flow information
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (18)$ 20 $ (4)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
182
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 28 $ 15 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 43 — 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 149 176
Customer allowance for credit losses (18) (22)
Customer accounts receivable, net 131 154 
Other accounts receivable 58 68
Other allowance for credit losses (8) (9)
Other accounts receivable, net 50 59 
Receivables from af filiates 1 1 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 11 6 
Materials and supplies 54 51 
Prepaid utility taxes 20 11 
Regulatory assets 68 58 
Other 16 13 
Total current assets 422 368 
Property , plant, and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,635  and $ 1,533  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 4,560  4,314  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 212 222 
Prepaid pension asset 157 162 
Other 61 74 
Total deferred debits and other assets 430 458 
Total assets $ 5,412  $ 5,140  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
183
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 149 $ 146 
Long-term debt due within one year 83 82 
Accounts payable 131 126 
Accrued expenses 40 46 
Payables to af filiates 33 36 
Customer deposits 28 32 
Regulatory liabilities 25 47 
Other 59 20 
Total current liabilities 548 535 
Long-term debt 1,727  1,595  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 803 715 
Asset retirement obligations 16 14 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 11 15 
Regulatory liabilities 441 493 
Other 89 97 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 1,360  1,334  
Total liabilities 3,635  3,464  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 2.25 par value, 0 shares  authorized, 0 shares  outstanding as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 1,209  1,089  
Retained earnings 568 587 
Total shareholder's equity 1,777  1,676  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 5,412  $ 5,140  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,000 authorized and 1,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.(a) (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
184
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 914 $ 595 $ 1,509  
Net income — 147 147 
Common stock dividends — (139) (139)
Contributions from parent 63 — 63 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 977 $ 603 $ 1,580  
Net income — 125 125 
Common stock dividends — (141) (141)
Contributions from parent 112 — 112 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,089  $ 587 $ 1,676  
Net income — 128 128 
Common stock dividends — (147) (147)
Contributions from parent 120 — 120 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 1,209  $ 568 $ 1,777  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
185
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 1,362  $ 1,253  $ 1,237  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 24 (12) — 
Operating revenues from af filiates 2 4 3 
Total operating revenues 1,388  1,245  1,240  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 677 596 589 
Purchased power from af filiate 17 13 19 
Operating and maintenance 179 192 187 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 141 134 133 
Depreciation and amortization 179 180 157 
Taxes other than income taxes 8 8 4 
Total operating expenses 1,201  1,123  1,089  
Gain on sales of assets — 2 — 
Operating income 187 124 151 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (58) (59) (58)
Other , net 4 6 6 
Total other income and (deductions) (54) (53) (52)
Income before income taxes 133 71 99 
Income taxes (13) (41) — 
Net income $ 146 $ 112 $ 99 
Comprehensive income $ 146 $ 112 $ 99 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
186
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 146 $ 112 $ 99 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 179 180 157 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (15) (37) 3 
Other non-cash operating activities — 36 22 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (37) (55) (13)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 4 6 (6)
Inventories 1 (3) (1)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 3 5 26 
Income taxes — (1) 2 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (3) (2) (1)
Other assets and liabilities 17 (42) (27)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 295 199 261 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (445) (401) (375)
Other investing activities 1 6 (1)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (444) (395) (376)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (43) 117 56 
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — — (125)
Issuance of long-term debt 425 123 150 
Retirement of long-term debt (260) (44) (18)
Dividends paid on common stock (288) (114) (124)
Contributions from parent 319 117 175 
Other financing activities (5) (1) (1)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 148 198 113 
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (1) 2 (2)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 30 28 30 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 29 $ 30 $ 28 
Supplemental cash flow information
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (18)$ 33 $ (29)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
187
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 29 $ 17 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents — 3 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 190 156
Customer allowance for credit losses (49) (32)
Customer accounts receivable, net 141 124 
Other accounts receivable 76 72
Other allowance for credit losses (15) (11)
Other accounts receivable, net 61 61 
Receivables from af filiates 2 6 
Inventories, net 36 37 
Regulatory assets 61 75 
Other 3 3 
Total current assets 333 326 
Property , plant, and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,420  and $ 1,303  as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 3,729  3,475  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 430 395 
Prepaid pension asset 27 40 
Other 37 50 
Total deferred debits and other assets 494 485 
Total assets $ 4,556  $ 4,286  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
188
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 144 $ 187 
Long-term debt due within one year 3 261 
Accounts payable 165 177 
Accrued expenses 44 46 
Payables to af filiates 31 31 
Customer deposits 18 23 
Regulatory liabilities 28 44 
Other 12 11 
Total current liabilities 445 780 
Long-term debt 1,579  1,152  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 679 624 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 12 17 
Regulatory liabilities 224 274 
Other 49 48 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 964 963 
Total liabilities 2,988  2,895  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 3 par value, 25 shares authorized, 9 shares outstanding as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020) 1,590  1,271  
Retained (deficit) earnings (22) 120 
Total shareholder's equity 1,568  1,391  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 4,556  $ 4,286  
_____________
(a)ACE’s consolidated assets include $0 million and $13 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. ACE’s consolidated liabilities include $0 million and $21 million as of December 31, 2021
and 2020, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to ACE. See Note 23 - Variable Interest
Entities for additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
189
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common StockRetained Earnings
(Deficit)Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 979 $ 147 $ 1,126  
Net income — 99 99 
Common stock dividends — (124) (124)
Contributions from parent 175 — 175 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,154  $ 122 $ 1,276  
Net income — 112 112 
Common stock dividends — (114) (114)
Contributions from parent 117 — 117 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,271  $ 120 $ 1,391  
Net income — 146 146 
Common stock dividends — (288) (288)
Contributions from parent 319 — 319 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 1,590  $ (22)$ 1,568  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
190
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
1. Significant Accounting Policies (All Registrants)
Description of Business (All Registrants)
As of Decem ber 31, 2021, Exelon was a utility services holding company engaged in the generation, delivery and marketing of
energy through Generation and the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE.
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies. The separation was completed on February 1, 2022. See Note 26 – Separation of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Name of Registrant / Subsidiary   Business   Service Territories
Commonwealth Edison Company
(registrant)Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company
(registrant)Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of
Philadelphia (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customersPennsylvania counties surrounding the City of
Philadelphia (natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and Electric
Company (registrant)Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore
(electricity and natural gas)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC (registrant) Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL, and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Potomac Electric 
Power Company (registrant)  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia, and major portions of
Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties,
Maryland.
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power &  Light
Company (registrant)Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural
gas)
Atlantic City Electric Company
(registrant)Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Constellation Energy Generation,
LLC (formerly Exelon Generation
Company, LLC) (subsidiary)Generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its customer-facing business,
Constellation, which sells electricity to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells natural gas, renewable energy, and
other energy-related products and services.Five reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New
York, ERCOT, and Other Power Regions
Basis of Presentation (All Registrants)
This is a combined annual report of all Registrants. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to the Registrants as
indicated parenthetically next to each corresponding disclosure. When appropriate, the Registrants are named specifically for their
related activities and disclosures. Each of the Registrant’ s Consolidated Financial Statements includes the accounts of its
subsidiaries. The accounts of Generation are included within Exelon's Consolidated Financ ial Statements. For activities and
disclosures associated with Generation include d in the Notes to the Exelon Consolidated Financial Statements, Generation is
specifically named. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, human resources, financial, information technology , and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and
191
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s corporate operations are presented
as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations unless otherwise disclosed.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon owned 100% of Generation, PECO , BGE, and PHI and more than 99% of ComEd. PHI
owns 100% of Pepco, DPL, and ACE. Generation owns 100% of its significant consolidated subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly ,
except for certain consolidated VIEs, including CRP, of which Generation holds a 51% interest. The remaining interests in the
consolidated VIEs are included in noncontrolling interests on Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet. See Note 23 — Variable Interest
Entities for additional information on VIEs. As of February 1, 2022, as a result of the completion of the separation, Exelon no longer
owns any interest in Generation. See Note 26 — Separation for additional information.
The Registra nts consolid ate the accounts of entities in which a Registrant has a controlling financial interest, after the elimination of
intercompany transactions. Where the Registrants do not have a controlling financial interest in an entity , proportionate
consolidation, equity method accounting, or accounting for investments in equity securities with or without readily determinable fair
value is applied. The Registrants apply proportionate consolidation when they have an undivided interest in an asset and are
proportionately liable for their share of each liability associated with the asset. The Registrants proportionately consolidate their
undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and transmission facilities. Under proportionate consolidation, the
Registrants separately record their proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses related to the undivided
interest in the asset. The Registrants apply equity method accounting when they have significan t influence over an investee through
an ownership in common stock, which generally approximates a 20% to 50% voting interest. The Registrants apply equity method
accounting to certain investments and joint ventures. Under equity method accounting, the Registrants report their interest in the
entity as an investment and the Registrants’  percentage share of the earnings from the entity as single line items in their financial
statements. The Registrants use accounting for investments in equity securities with or without readily determinable fair values if
they lack significant influence, which generally results when they hold less than 20% of the common stock of an entity . Under
accounting for investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair values, the Registrants report their investment values
based on quoted prices in active markets and realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in earnings. Under accounting
for investme nts in equity securities without readi ly determinable fair values, the Registrants report their investments at cost adjusted
for changes from observ able transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issue r, less impairment, and changes in
measurement are reported in earnings.
The accompanying consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for annual financial statements
and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.
COVID-19 (All Registrants)
The Registrants have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbre ak (pandemic) of the 2019 novel
coronavirus (COVID-19). The Registrants provide a critical service to their customers and have taken measures to keep employees
who operate the busines s safe and minimize unnecessary risk of exposure to the virus, includi ng extra precautions for employees
who work in the field. The Registrants have implemented work from home policies where appropriate and imposed travel limitations
on employees.
Management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and accompanying notes, and the amounts of revenues
and expenses reported during the periods cove red by those financial statements and accompanying notes. As of December 31,
2021 and 2020, and through the date of this report, management assessed certain accounting matters that require consideration of
forecasted financial information, including, but not limited to, allowance for credit losses and the carrying value of goodwill and other
long-lived assets, in context with the information reasonably available and the unknown future impacts of COVID-19. The
Registrants' future assessment of the magnitude  and duration of COVID-19, as well as other factors, could result in material impacts
to their consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.
192
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates (All Registrants)
The prepara tion of financial statements of each of the Registrants in conformity with GAAP  requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanyin g notes. Areas in which significant
estimates have been made include, but are not limited to, the accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs and other AROs,
pension and OPEB, inventory reserves, allow ance for credit losses, goodwill and long-lived asset impairment assessments,
derivative instruments, unamortized energy contracts, fixed asset depreciation, environmental costs and other loss contingencies,
taxes, and unbilled energy revenues. Actual results could dif fer from those estimates.
Accounting for the Effects of Regulation (All Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, the Registrants reflect the effects of cost-bas ed rate regulation in their financial
statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: 1) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or products; and (3)
there is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The
Registrants account for their regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legisla tive guidance from the regulatory
authorities having jurisdiction, principally the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DEPSC, and NJBPU, under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized and the related expense or revenue is
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the recovery or refund included in customer rates. The
Registrants ' regulatory assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date are probable of being recovered or settled in future rates. If
a separable portion of the Registrants' business was no longer able to meet the criteria discussed above, the affected entities would
be required to eliminate from their consolidated financial statements the effects of regulation for that portion, which could have a
material impact on their financial statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
With the exception of income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities, the Registrants classify  regulatory assets and liabilities with
a recovery or settlement  period greater than one year as both current and non-current in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, with the
current portion represen ting the amount expecte d to be recovered from or refunded to customers over the next twelve-month period
as of the balance sheet date. Income tax-rela ted regulatory assets and liabilities are classified entirely as non-current in the
Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets to align with the classification of the related deferred income tax balances.
The Registra nts treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial
statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and distinct event that has future
impacts on the parties af fected by the order .
Revenues (All Registrants)
Operating Revenues. The Registrants’  operating revenues generally consist of revenues from contracts with customers involving
the sale and delivery of energy commodities and related products and services, utility revenues from ARP, and realized and
unrealized revenues recognized under mark-to-market energy commodity derivative contracts. The Registrants recognize revenue
from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that the entities expect to be
entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue include competitive sales of power ,
natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary sources of revenue include regulated
electric and natural gas tariff sales, distribution,  and transmission services. At the end of each month, the Registrants accrue an
estimate for the unbilled amount of energy delivered or services provided to customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by the MDPSC,
DCPSC, and/or NJBPU in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE,  Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP
revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are
probable of approval by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional
information.
193
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Option Contracts, Swaps, and Commodity Derivatives. Certain optio n contracts and swap arrangements  that meet the definition
of derivative instruments are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recog nized as revenue or expense. The
classification of revenue or expense is based on the intent of the transaction. To the extent a Utility Registrant receives full cost
recovery for energy procurement and related costs from retail customers, it records the fair value of its energy swap contracts with
unaffiliated suppliers as well as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information.
Taxes Directly Imposed on Revenue-Producing Transactions. The Registrants collect certain taxes from customers such as
sales and gross receipts taxes, along with other taxes, surcharges, and fees, that are levied by state or local governments on the
sale or distribution of electricity and gas. Some  of these taxes are imposed on the customer , but paid by the Registrants, while
others are imposed on the Registrants. Where these taxes are imposed on the customer , such as sales taxes, they are reported on
a net basis with no impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. However , where these taxes
are imposed  on the Registrants, such as gross receipts taxes or other surcharges or fees, they are reported on a gross basis.
Accordingly , revenues are recognized for the taxes collected from customers along with an offsetting expense. See Note 24 —
Supplemental Financial Information for taxes that are presented on a gross basis.
Leases (All Registrants)
The Registra nts recogni ze a ROU asset and lease liability for operating and finance leases with a term of greater than one year.
Operating lease ROU assets are included in Other deferred debits and other assets and operating lease liabilities are included in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance lease ROU
assets are included in Plant, property , and equipment, net and finance lease liabilities are include d in Long-term debt due within one
year and Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ROU asset is measured as the sum of (1) the present value of
all remaining fixed and in-substance fixed payments using the rate implicit in the lease whenever that is readily determinable or each
Registrant’ s incremental borrowing rate, (2) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date (less any lease
incentives received), and (3) any initial direct costs incurred. The lease liability is measured  the same as the ROU asset, but
excludes any payments  made before the commencement date and initial direct costs incurre d. Lease terms include options to
extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably  certain they will be exercised. The Registrants include non-lease components for
most asset classes, which are service-related costs that are not integral to the use of the asset, in the measurement of the ROU
asset and lease liability .
Expense for operating leases and leases with a term of one year or less is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease, unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the derivation of benefit from use of the leased
property . Variable lease payments are recogniz ed in the period in which the related obligation is incurred and consist primarily of
payments for purchases  of electricity under contracted generation that are based on the electr icity produced by those generating
assets. Operating lease expense and variable lease payments are recorded to Purchased power and fuel expense for contracted
generation or Operating and maintenance expen se for all other lease agreements on the Registrants’  Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income. Expense for finance leases is primarily recorded to Operating and maintenance on the Registrants’
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Income from operating leases, including subleases, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, unless another
systematic and rational basis is more represent ative of the pattern in which income is earned over the term of the lease. Variable
lease payme nts are recognized in the period in which the related obligation is performed and consist primarily of payments received
from sales of electricity  under contracted generation that are based on the electricity produced by those generating assets.
Operating lease income and variable lease payments are recorded to Operating revenues on the Registrants’  Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The Registrants’  operating and finance leases consist primarily of contracted generation, real estate including office buildings, and
vehicles and equipment. The Registrants genera lly account for contracted generation in which the generating asset is not renewable
as a lease if the customer has dispatch rights and obtains substantially all the economic benefits. The Registrants generally do not
account for contracted generation in which the generating asset is renewable as a lease if the customer does not design the
generating asset. The Registrants account for land right arrangements that provide for exclusive use as leases while shared use
land
194
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
arrangements are generally not leases. The Registrants do not account for secondary use pole attachments as leases.
See Note 11 — Leases for additional information.
Income T axes (All Registrants)
Deferred federal and state income taxes are recorded on significant temporary differences between the book and tax basis of assets
and liabilities and for tax benefits carried forward. Investment tax credits have been deferred in the Registrants’  Consolidated
Balance Sheets and are recognized in book income over the life of the related property . The Registrants account for uncertain
income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach; a more-likely- than-not recognition criterion; and a
measurement approach  that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax positi on will be sustained on its technical
merits, no benefit is recorded. Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are
considered to have met the recognition threshold . The Registrants recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in
Interest expense, net or Other , net (interest income) and recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in Other , net in
their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
The Registrants consider investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent funds that are restricted to satisfy designated current liabilities. As of December 31,
2021 and 2020, the Registrants' restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented the following items:
Registrant Description
Exelon Payment of medical, dental, vision, and long-term disability benefits and Generation project-specific nonrecourse financing
structures for debt service and financing of operations of the underlying entities, in addition to the items listed below for the
Utility Registrants.
ComEd Collateral held from suppliers associated with energy and REC procurement contracts, any over-recovered RPS costs and
alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA, and costs for the remediation of an MGP site.
PECO Proceeds from the sales of assets that were subject to PECO’s mortgage indenture.
BGE Proceeds from the loan program for the completion of certain energy efficiency measures and collateral held from energy
suppliers.
PHI Payment of merger commitments, collateral held from its energy suppliers associated with procurement contracts, and
repayment of Transition Bonds.
Pepco Payment of merger commitments and collateral held from energy suppliers.
DPL Collateral held from energy suppliers.
ACE Repayment of Transition Bonds and collateral held from energy suppliers.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents not available to satisfy current liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets. As of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Registrants ' noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented ComEd’ s
over-recovered RPS costs and alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA  and costs for the remediation
of an MGP  site, and ACE’ s repayment of Transition Bonds.
See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements and Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivables (All Registrants)
The allowance for credit  losses reflects the Registrants’  best estimates of losses on the custom ers' accounts receivable balances
based on historical experience, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
195
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
The allowance for credit losses for Generation’ s retail customers is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience
coupled with specific identification through a credit monitoring process, which considers current conditions and forward-looking
information such as industry trends, macroeconomic factors, changes in the regulatory environm ent, external credit ratings, publicly
available news, payment status, payment history , and the exercise of collateral calls. The allowa nce for credit losses for Generation
wholesale customers is developed using a credit monitoring process, like that used for retail customers. When a wholesale
customer ’s risk characteristics are no longer aligned with the pooled population, Generation uses specific identification to develop an
allowance for credit losses. Adjustments to the allowance for credit losses are recorded in Operating and maintenance expense in
Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The allowan ce for credit losses for the Utility Registrants’  customers is developed by applying loss rates for each Utility Registrant,
based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors, to the outstanding receivable balance by
customer risk segment. Utility Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements.
Adjustments to the allowance for credit losses are primarily recorded to Operating and maintenance expense on the Utility
Registrants' Consolidate d Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income or Regulatory  assets and liabilities on the Utility
Registrants' Consolidate d Balance Sheets. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding the regulatory
recovery of credit losses on customer accounts receivable.
The Registrants have certain non-customer receivables in Other deferred debits and other assets which primarily are with
governmental agencies and other high-quality counterparties with no history of default. As such, the allowance for credit losses
related to these receiva bles is not material.  The Registrants monitor these balances and will record an allowance if there are
indicators of a decline in credit quality .
Variable Interest Entities (Exelon, PHI, and ACE)
Exelon accounts for its investments in and arrangements with VIEs based on the following specific requirements:
•qualitative assessment of factors determinant in whether it has a controlling financial interest,
•ongoing reconsideration of this assessment, and
•where it consolidates a VIE (as primary beneficia ry), disclosure of (1) the assets of the consolidated VIE, if they can be used
to only settle specific obligations of the consolidated VIE, and (2) the liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors do
not have recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary .
See Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities for additional information.
Inventories (All Registrants)
Inventory is recorded at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. Provisions are recorded for excess and obsolete
inventory . Fossil fuel, materials and supplies, and emissions allowances are generally included in inventory when purchased. Fossil
fuel and emissions allow ances are expensed to Purchased power and fuel expense when used or sold. Materials and supplies
generally includes transmission, distribution, and generating plant materials and are expensed to Operating and maintenance or
capitalized to Property , plant, and equipment, as appropriate, when installed or used.
Debt and Equity Security Investments (Exelon)
Debt Security Investments. Debt securities are reported at fair value and classified as available-for-sale securities. Unrealized
gains and losses, net of tax, are reported in OCI.
Equity Security Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values. Exelon has certain equity securities without readily
determinable fair values. Exelon has elected to use the measurement alternative to measure these investments, defined as cost
adjusted for changes from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer , less impairment. Changes
in measurement are reported in earnings.
Equity Security Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values. Exelon has certain equity securities with readily
determinable fair values. For equity securities held in NDT funds, realized and unrealized gains  and losses, net of tax, associated
with the Regulatory Agreement Units are included in regulatory liabilities at Exelon,
196
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
ComEd, and PECO and in Noncurrent receivables from affiliates at ComEd and PECO. Realize d and unrealized gains and losses,
net of tax, on NDT funds associated with the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are included in earnings at Exelon. NDT funds are
classified as current or noncurrent assets, depending on the timing of the decommissioning activities and income taxes on trust
earnings. For all other equity securities with readily determinable fair values, realized and unrea lized gains and losses are included
in earnings at Exelon. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding ComEd’ s and PECO’ s regulatory assets
and liabilities and Note 18 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional
information.
Property , Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
Property , plant, and equipment is recorded at original cost. Original cost includes construction-related direct labor and material costs.
The Utility Registrants also include indirect construction costs including labor and related costs of departments associated with
supporting construction activities. When appropriate, original cost also includes capitalize d interest for Generation, Exelon
Corporate, and PHI and AFUDC for regulated property at the Utility Registrants. The cost of repairs and maintenance and minor
replacements of property , is charged to Operating and maintenance expense as incurred.
Third parties reimburse the Utility Registrants for all or a portion of expenditures for certain capital projects. Such contributions in aid
of construction costs (CIAC) are recorded as a reduction to Property , plant, and equipment, net.
For Generation, upon retirement, the cost of property is generally charged to accumulated depreciation in accordance with the
composite and group methods of depreciation. Upon replacement of an asset, the costs to remove the asset, net of salvage, are
capitalized to gross plant when incurred as part of the cost of the newly-installed asset and recorded to depreciation expense over
the life of the new asset. Removal costs, net of salvage, incurred for property that will not be replaced is charged to Operating and
maintenance expense as incurred.
For the Utility Registran ts, upon retirement, the cost of property , net of salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation consistent
with the composite and group methods of depre ciation. Depreciation expense at ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE includes the
estimated cost of disman tling and removing plant from service upon retirement. Actual incurred removal costs are applied against a
related regulatory liability  or recorded to a regulatory asset if in excess of previously collected removal costs. PECO’ s removal costs
are capitaliz ed to accumulated depreciation when incurred and recorded to depreciation expe nse over the life of the new asset
constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method.
Capitalized Software. Certain costs, such as design, coding, and testing incurred during the application development stage of
software projects that are internally developed or purchased for operational use are capitalized within Property , plant, and
equipment. Similar costs incurred for cloud-based solutions treated as service arrangements are capitalized within Other Current
Assets and Deferred Debits and Other Assets . Such capitalized amounts are amortized ratably over the expected lives of the
projects when they become operational, gener ally not to exceed five years. Certain other capitalized software costs are being
amortized over longer lives based on the expected life or pursuant to prescribed regulatory requirements.
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC. During construction, Exelon capitalizes the costs of debt funds used to finance non-regulated
construction projects. Capitalization of debt funds is recorded as a charge to construction work in progress and as a non-cash credit
to interest expense.
AFUDC is the cost, during the period of construction, of debt and equity funds used to finance construction projects for regulated
operations. AFUDC is recorded to construction work in progress and as a non-cash credit to an allowance that is included in interest
expense for debt-related  funds and other income and deductions for equity-related funds. The rates used for capitalizing AFUDC are
computed under a method prescribed by regulatory authorities.
See Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment, Note 9 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant and Note 24 — Supplemental Financial
Information for additional information.
197
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Nuclear Fuel (Exelon)
The cost of nuclear fuel is capitalized in Property , plant, and equipment and charged to Purchase d power and fuel expense using the
unit-of-production metho d. Any potential future SNF disposal fees will also be expensed through Purchased power and fuel expense.
Additionally , certain on-site SNF storage costs are being reimbursed by the DOE since a DOE (or government-owned) long-term
storage facility has not been completed. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding the
cost of SNF storage and disposal.
Nuclear Outage Costs (Exelon)
Costs associated with nuclear outages, including planned major maintenance activities, are expensed to Operating and maintenance
expense or capitalized to Property , plant, and equipment (based on the nature of the activities) in the period incurred.
Depreciation and Amortization (All Registrants)
Except for the amortizati on of nuclear fuel, depreciation is generally recorded over the estimated  service lives of property , plant, and
equipment on a straight-line basis using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. The group approach is typically for
groups of similar assets that have approximately  the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for dissimilar assets that
have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE's depreciation expense includes the estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from
service upon retirement, which is consistent with each utility's regulatory recovery method. PECO's removal costs are capitalized to
accumulated depreciation when incurred and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent
with PECO's  regulatory recovery method. The estimated service lives for the Registrants are based on a combination of depreciation
studies, historical retirements, site licenses, and management estimates of operating costs and expected future energy market
conditions. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information on the impacts of early plant retirements.
See Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment for additional information regarding depreciation.
Amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded over the recovery or refund period specified in the related legislation or
regulatory order or agreement. When the recove ry or refund period is less than one year, amortization is recorded to the line item in
which the deferred cost or income would have originally been recorded in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. Amortiz ation of ComEd’ s electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate regulatory
assets and the Utility Registrants' transmission formula rate regulatory assets is recorded to Operating revenues.
Amortization of income tax related regulatory assets and liabilities is generally recorded to Income tax expense. Except for the
regulatory assets and liabilities discussed above, amortization is generally recorded to Depreciation and amortization in the
Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income when the recovery period is more than one year .
See Note 3 — Regulat ory Matters and Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for additional information regarding the
amortization of the Utility Registrants' regulatory assets and Generation's nuclear fuel and ARC, respectively .
Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
The Registrants estimate and recognize a liability for their legal obligation to perform asset retirement activities even though the
timing and/or methods of settlement may be conditional on future events. Generation generally updates its nuclear decommissioning
ARO annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its annual evalu ation of cost escalation factors and
probabilities assigned to the multiple outcome scenarios within its probability-weighted discoun ted cash flow models. Generation’ s
multiple outcome scenarios are generally based on decommissioning cost studies which are updated, on a rotational basis, for each
of Generation’ s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. The Utility Registrants
update their AROs either annually or on a rotational basis at least once every three years, based on a risk profile, unless
circumstances warrant more frequent updates. The updates factor in new cost estimates, credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (CARFR)
and escalation rates, and the timing of cash flows. AROs are accreted throughout each year to reflect the time value of money for
these present value obligations through a
198
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
charge to Operating and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for Non-
Regulatory Agreement Units and through a decrease to regulatory liabilities for Regulatory Agreement Units or, in the case of the
Utility Regis trants' accre tion, through an increas e to regulatory assets. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional
information.
Guarantees (All Registrants)
If necessary , the Registrants recognize a liability at the time of issuance of a guarantee for the fair value of the obligations they have
undertaken by issuing the guarantee. The liability is reduced or eliminated as the Registrants are released from risk under the
guarantee. Depending on the nature of the guarantee, the release from risk of the Registrant  may be recognized only upon the
expiration or settlement of the guarantee or by a systematic and rational amortization method over the term of the guarantee. See
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.
Asset Impairments
Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants). The Registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets or
asset groups  for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may
not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in
energy price s, condition of the asset, specific regulatory disallowance, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before
the end of its useful life. The Registrants determine if long-lived assets or asset groups are potentially impaired by comparing the
undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value when indicators of impairment exist. When the undiscounted cash
flow analysis  indicates a long-lived asset or asse t group may not be recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by
measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. See Note 12 — Asset
Impairments for additional information.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, and PHI). Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the
net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortized but is assessed for impairment
at least annually or on an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair
value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. See Note 13 — Intangible Assets for additional information.
Equity Method Investments (Exelon). Exelon regularly monitors and evaluates equity method investments to determine whether
they are impaired. An impairment is recorded when the investment has experienced a decline in value that is other-than-temporary in
nature. Additionally , if the entity in which Exelon holds an investment recognizes an impairme nt loss, Exelon would record their
proportionate share of that impairment loss and evaluate the investment for an other-than-temporary decline in value.
Debt Secur ity Investments (Exelon). Declines in the fair value of debt security investments below the cost basis are reviewed
to determine if such declines are other-than-temporary . If the decline is determined to be other -than-temporary , the amount of the
impairment loss is included in earnings.
Equity Security Investments (Exelon). Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured and recorded at fair
value with any changes in fair value recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values
are qualitatively assessed for impairment each reporting period. If it is determined that the equity  security is impaired, an impairment
loss will be recognized in earnings to the amount by which the security’ s carrying amount exceeds its fair value.
Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value unless they qualify for certain exceptions, including NPNS. For
derivatives intended to serve as economic hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings each period. Amounts classified
in earnings are included  in Operating revenue, Purchased power and fuel, Interest expense, or Other , net in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income based on the activity the transaction is economically hedging. While most of
the derivatives serve as economic hedges, there are also derivatives entered into for propr ietary trading purposes, subject to
Exelon’ s RMP, and changes in the fair value of those derivatives are recorded in revenue or expense in the Consolidated Statements
of Operation s and Comprehensive Income. At the Utility Registrants, changes in fair value may be recorded as a regulatory asset or
liability if there is an ability to recover or return the associated costs. Cash inflows and
199
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
outflows related to derivative instruments are included as a component of operating, investing, or financing cash flows in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, depen ding on the nature of each transaction. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note
16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information.
As part of Generation’ s energy marketing busine ss, Generation enters contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of
its customer s. These contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related
products in the energy markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical commodity . NPNS are
contracts where physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a
reasonable period and will not be financially settled. Revenues and expenses on derivati ve contracts that qualify , and are
designated, as NPNS are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. While these contracts are considered
derivative financial instruments, they are not required to be recorded at fair value. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
for additional information.
Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for substantially all current employees.
The plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under these plans are measured as of December 31. The measurement
involves various factors, assumptions, and accounting elections. The impact of assumption changes or experience different from that
assumed on pension and OPEB obligations is recognized over time rather than immediately recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Gains or losses in excess of the greater of ten percent of the projected
benefit oblig ation or the MRV of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
See Note 15 — Retirement Benefits for additional information.
2. Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions (Exelon)
CENG Put Option
Prior to August 6, 2021, Generation owned a 50.01 % members hip interest in CENG, a joint venture  with EDF, which wholly owns the
Calvert Cliffs and Ginna nuclear stations and Nine Mile Point Unit 1, in addition to an 82% undivided  ownership interest in Nine Mile
Point Unit 2. CENG is 100% consolidated in Exelon's financial statements. See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities for additional
information.
On April 1, 2014, Genera tion and EDF entered into various agreements including a NOSA, an amended LLC Operating Agreement,
an Employee Matters Agreement, and a Put Option Agreement, among others. Under the amended LLC Operating Agreement,
CENG made a $400 million special distributio n to EDF and committed to make preferred distributions to Generation until Generation
has received aggregate distributions of $ 400 million plus a return of 8.50% per annum.
Under the terms of the Put Option Agreement, EDF had the option to sell its 49.99 % equity interest in CENG to Generation
exercisable beginning on January 1, 2016 and thereafter until June 30, 2022.
On November 20, 2019, Generation received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercise the put option to sell its interest in CENG to
Generation, and the put automatically exercised on January 19, 2020 at the end of the sixty-day advance notice period. The
transaction required approval by FERC and the NYPSC, which approvals were received on July 30, 2020 and April 15, 2021,
respectively . On August 6, 2021, Generation and EDF entered into a settlement agreement pursu ant to which Generation purchased
EDF’ s equity  interest in CENG for a net purchase price of $885 million , which includes, among other things, an adjustment for EDF’ s
share of the balance of the preferred distribution payable by CENG to Generation. The differen ce between the net purchase price
and EDF’s noncontrolling interest as of August 6, 2021 was recorded in Common stock in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet. As
a result of the transaction, Exelon recorded deferred tax liabilities of $290 million in Common stock in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. See Note 14 — Income Taxes for additional information.
200
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions
The following table summarizes the effects of the changes in Generation's ownership interest in CENG in Exelon's Shareholders'
Equity:
For the Year Ended December 31,
2021
Net income attributable to Exelon's common shareholders $ 1,706  
Pre-tax increase in Exelon's common stock for purchase of EDF's 49.99 % equity interest 1,080  
Decrease in Exelon's common stock due to deferred tax liabilities resulting from purchase of EDF's
49.99 % equity interest (290)
Change from net income attributable to common stock and transfers from noncontrolling interest $ 2,496  
_________
(a)Represents non-cash activity in Exelon’s consolidated financial statements.
Agreement for Sale of Generation’ s Solar Business
On December 8, 2020, Generation entered into an agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield Renewable, for the sale of a significant
portion of Generation’ s solar business, including  360 MW of generation in operation or under construction across more than 600
sites across the United States. Generation will retain certain solar assets not included in this agreement, primarily Antelope V alley.
Completion of the transaction contemplated by the sale agreement was subject to the satisfaction  of several closing conditions which
were satisfie d in the first quarter of 2021. The sale was completed on March 31, 2021 for a purchase price of $810 million. Exelon
received cash proceeds of $675 million, net of $125 million long-term debt assumed by the buyer and certain working capital and
other post-closing adjustments. Exelon recogniz ed a pre-tax gain of $68 millio n which is included in Gain on sales of assets and
businesses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information on the SolGen nonrec ourse debt included as part of the
transaction.
Agreement for the Sale of a Generation Biomass Facility
On April 28, 2021, Generation and ReGenerate  entered into a purchase agreement, under which ReGenerate agreed to purchase
Generation’ s interest in the Albany Green Energy biomass facility . As a result, in the second quarter of 2021, Exelon recorded a pre-
tax impairment charge of $140 million in Operating and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income. Completion of the transaction was subject to the satisfaction of various customary closing conditions which
were satisfied in the second quarter of 2021. The sale was completed on June 30, 2021 for a net purchase price of $ 36 million.
Disposition of Oyster Creek
On July 31, 2018, Generation entered into an agreement with Holtec and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary , OCEP , for the sale and
decommissioning of Oyster Creek located in Forked River , New Jersey , which permanently ceased generation operations on
September 17, 2018. Completion of the transac tion contemplated by the sale agreement was subject to the satisfaction of several
closing cond itions, includ ing approval of the license transfer from the NRC and other regulatory approvals, and a private letter ruling
from the IRS, which were satisfied in the second quarter of 2019. The sale was completed on July 1, 2019. Exelon recognized a loss
on the sale in the third quarter of 2019, which was immaterial.
Under the terms of the transaction, Generation transferred to OCEP  substantially all the assets associated with Oyster Creek,
including assets held in NDT funds, along with the assumption of liability for all responsibility for the site, including full
decommissioning and ongoing management of the SNF until it is moved offsite. The terms of the transaction also include various
forms of performance assurance for the obligations of OCEP  to timely complete the required decommissioning, including a parental
guaranty from Holtec for all performance and payment obligations of OCEP , and a requirement for Holtec to deliver a letter of credit
to Generation upon the occurrence of specified events.(a)
(a)
201
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions
3.  Regulatory Matters (All Registrants)
The following matters below discuss the status of material regulatory and legislative proceedings of the Registrants.
Utility Regulatory Matters (All Registrants)    
Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The following tables show the completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2021.
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - IllinoisApril 16, 2020 Electric $ (11)$ (14) 8.38 %December 9,
2020January 1,
2021
April 16, 2021 Electric 51 46 7.36 %December 1,
2021January 1,
2022
PECO - PennsylvaniaSeptember 30,
2020Natural
Gas69 29 10.24  % June 22, 2021July 1,
2021
March 30, 2021 Electric 246 132 N/ANovember 18,
2021January 1,
2022
BGE - MarylandMay 15, 2020
(amended
September 11,
2020)Electric 203 140 9.50 %December 16,
2020January 1,
2021 Natural
Gas108 74 9.65 %
Pepco - District of
ColumbiaMay 30, 2019
(amended June 1,
2020)Electric 136 109 9.275  % June 8, 2021July 1,
2021
Pepco - MarylandOctober 26, 2020
(amended March
31, 2021)Electric 104 52 9.55 % June 28, 2021June 28,
2021
DPL - DelawareMarch 6, 2020
(amended
February 2, 2021)Electric 23 14 9.60 %September 15,
2021October 6,
2020
ACE - New JerseyDecember 9, 2020
(amended
February 26,
2021)Electric 67 41 9.60 % July 14, 2021January 1,
2022
__________
(a)Pursuant to EIMA and FEJA, ComEd’s electric distribution rates are established through a performance-based formula, which sunsets at the end
of 2022. See discussion of the Clean Energy Law below for details on the transition away from the electric distribution formula rate. The electric
distribution formula rate includes decoupling provisions and, as a result, ComEd's electric distribution formula rate revenues are not impacted by
abnormal weather, usage per customer, or number of customers. ComEd is required to file an annual update to its electric distribution formula
rate on or before May 1, with resulting rates effective in January of the following year. ComEd’s annual electric distribution formula rate update
is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). The update also reconciles
any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation).
ComEd’s 2021 approved revenue requirement reflects an increase of $50 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2021 and a
decrease of $64 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2019. The revenue requirement for 2021(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
st
202
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
and the revenue requirement for 2019 provide for a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate base of 6.28% inclusive of an
allowed ROE of 8.38%, reflecting the monthly average yields for 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis points.
ComEd’s 2022 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $37 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2022 and an
increase of $9 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2020. The revenue requirement for 2022 provides for a weighted average debt and
equity return on distribution rate base of 5.72% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.36%, reflecting the monthly average yields for 30-year treasury
bonds plus 580 basis points. The reconciliation revenue requirement for 2020 provides for a weighted average debt and equity return on
distribution rate base of 5.69%, inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.29%, reflecting the monthly yields on 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis
points less a performance metrics penalty of 7 basis points.
(b)The PECO electric base rate case proceeding was resolved through a settlement agreement, which did not specify an approved ROE.
(c)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for 2021 through 2023. The MDPSC awarded BGE electric revenue requirement increases of
$59 million, $39 million, and $42 million, before offsets, in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively, and natural gas revenue requirement increases of
$53 million, $11 million, and $10 million, before offsets, in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. BGE proposed to use certain tax benefits to fully
offset the increases in 2021 and 2022 and partially offset the increase in 2023. However, the MDPSC utilized the tax benefits to fully offset the
increases in 2021 and January 2022 such that customer rates remained unchanged. For the remainder of 2022, the MDPSC chose to offset
only 25% of the cumulative 2021 and 2022 electric revenue requirement increases and 50% of the cumulative gas revenue requirement
increases. Whether certain tax benefits will be used to offset the customer rate increases in 2023 has not been decided, and BGE cannot predict
the outcome.
(d)Reflects a cumulative multi-year plan with 18-months remaining in 2021 through 2022. The DCPSC awarded Pepco electric incremental
revenue requirement increases of $42 million and $67 million, before offsets, for the remainder of 2021 and 2022, respectively. However, the
DCPSC utilized the acceleration of refunds for certain tax benefits along with other rate relief to partially offset the customer rate increases by
$22 million and $40 million for the remainder of 2021 and 2022, respectively.
(e)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for April 1, 2021 through March 31, 2024. The MDPSC awarded Pepco electric incremental
revenue requirement increases of $21 million, $16 million, and $15 million, before offsets, for the 12-month periods ending March 31, 2022,
2023, and 2024, respectively. Pepco proposed to utilize certain tax benefits to fully offset the increase through 2023 and partially offset customer
rate increases in 2024. However, the MDPSC only utilized the acceleration of refunds for certain tax benefits to fully offset the increases such
that customer rates remain unchanged through March 31, 2022. On February 23, 2022, the MDPSC chose to offset 25% of the cumulative
revenue requirement increase through March 31, 2023. Whether certain tax benefits will be used to offset the customer rate increases for the
twelve months ended March 31, 2024 has not been decided, and Pepco cannot predict the outcome.
(f)Requested and approved increases are before New Jersey sales and use tax. The order allows ACE to retain approximately $11 million of
certain tax benefits which resulted in a decrease to income tax expense in Exelon's, PHI's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income in the third quarter of 2021.
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
DPL - Delaware January 14, 2022Natural
Gas$ 14 10.30  % First quarter of 2023
DPL - MarylandSeptember 1, 2021
(amended December
23, 2021)Electric 27 10.10  % First quarter of 2022
__________
(a)On January 24, 2022, DPL filed a settlement agreement with the MDPSC. The settlement provides for a revenue requirement increase of $13
million. The 9.60% ROE in the agreement is solely for the purposes of calculating AFUDC and regulatory asset carrying costs. On February 15,
2021, the Chief Public Utility Law Judge issued a proposed order approving the settlement agreement without modification. The proposed order
will become a final order of the MDPSC on March 2, 2022, subject to modification or reversal by the MDPSC.
Transmission Formula Rates
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are each established based on a FERC-approved formula. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE are required to file an annual update to the FERC-approved formula on or before May 15, and PECO is required to file on
or before May 31, with the resulting rates effective on June 1 of the same year. The annual update for ComEd is based on prior year
actual costs and current year projected capital(a)
203
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
additions (initial year revenue requirement). The annual update for PECO is based on prior year actual costs and current year
projected capital additions, accumulated depreciation, and accumulated deferred income taxes. The annual update for BGE, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions, accumulated depreciation,
depreciation and amortization expense, and accumulated deferred income taxes. The update for ComEd also reconciles any
differences between the revenue requirement in effect beginning June 1 of the prior year and actual costs incurred for that year
(annual reconciliation). The update for PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE also reconciles any differences between the actual costs
and actual revenues for the calendar year (annual reconciliation).
For 2021, the following total increases/(decreases) were included in the Utility Registrants'  electric transmission formula rate
updates:
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement Increase
(Decrease)Annual Reconciliation
IncreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseAllowed Return on Rate
Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 33 $ 12 $ 45 8.20 % 11.50  %
PECO (2) 26 24 7.37 % 10.35  %
BGE 38 27 65 7.35 % 10.50  %
Pepco (9) 21 12 7.68 % 10.50  %
DPL 19 33 52 7.20 % 10.50  %
ACE 27 24 51 7.45 % 10.50  %
__________
(a)All rates are effective June 1, 2021 - May 31, 2022, subject to review by interested parties pursuant to review protocols of each Utility
Registrant's tariff.
(b)In 2020, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE's transmission revenue requirement included a one-time decrease in accordance with the April
24, 2020 settlement agreement related to excess deferred income taxes which now completed has resulted in an increase to the 2021
transmission revenue requirement. In 2020, PECO's transmission revenue requirement included a one-time decrease in accordance with the
December 5, 2019 settlement agreement related to refunds which now completed has resulted in an increase to the 2021 transmission revenue
requirement.
(c)Represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(d)As part of the FERC-approved settlements of ComEd’s 2007 and PECO's 2017 transmission rate cases, the rate of return on common equity is
11.50% and 10.35%, respectively, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO, and the common equity
component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at
55% and 55.75%, respectively. As part of the FERC-approved settlement of the ROE complaint against BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the rate of
return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO.
Other State Regulatory Matters
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Clean Energy Law (Exelon and ComEd). On September 15, 2021 , the Illinois Public Act 102-0662 was signed into law by the
Governor of Illinois (“Clean Energy Law”). The Clean Energy Law includes, among other features, (1) procurement of CMCs from
qualifying nuclear-powered generating facilities, (2) a requirement to file a general rate case or a new four-year multi-year plan no
later than January 20, 2023 to establish rates effective after ComEd’ s existing performance-based distribution formula rate sunsets,
(3) an exten sion of and certain adjustments to ComEd’ s energy efficiency MWh savings goals, (4) revisions to the Illinois RPS
requirements, including expanded charges for the procurement of RECs from wind and solar generation, (5) a requirement to
accelerate amortization of ComEd’ s unprotected excess deferred income taxes that ComEd was previously directed by the ICC to
amortize using the average rate assumption method which equates to approximately 39.5 years , and (6) requirements that the ICC
initiate and conduct various regulatory proceed ings on subjects including ethics, spending, grid investments, and performance
metrics. Regulatory or legal challenges regarding the validity or implementation of the Clean Energy Law are possible and Exelon
and ComEd cannot reasonably predict the outcome of any such challenges.
Carbon Mitigation Credit
The Clean Energy Law establishes decarboniz ation requirements for Illinois as well as programs to support the retention and
development of emissions-free sources of electricity . Among other things, the Clean Energy Law(a) (b) (c) (d)
204
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
authorized the IPA to procure up to 54.5 million CMCs from quali fying nuclear plants for a five-year period beginning on June 1, 2022
through May 31, 2027. CMCs are credits for the carbon-free attributes of eligible nuclear power plants in PJM. The Byron, Dresden,
and Braidwood nuclear plants located in Illinois  participated in the CMC procurement process and were awarded contracts that
commit each plant to operate through May 31, 2027. Pursuant to these contracts, ComEd will procure CMCs based upon the
number of MWhs produced annually by each plant, subject to minimum performance requirem ents. The price to be paid for each
CMC was established through a competitive bidding process that included consumer-protection measures that capped the maximum
acceptable bid amount and a formula that reduc es CMC prices by an energy price index, the base residual auction capacity price in
the ComEd zone of PJM, and the monetized value of any federal tax credit or other subsidy if applicable. The consumer protection
measures contained in the new law will result in net payments to ComEd ratepayers if the energy index, the capacity price and
applicable federal tax credits or subsidy exceed the CMC contract price.
ComEd is required to purchase CMCs pursuant to these contracts and all its costs of doing so will be recovered through a new rider.
That rider will provide for an annual reconciliat ion and true-up to actual costs incurred by ComEd to purchase CMCs, with any
difference to be credited to or collected from ComEd’ s retail customers in subsequent periods.
See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for the impacts of the provisions above on the Illinois nuclear plants and Exelon’ s
consolidated financial statements. The provisions do not impact ComEd’ s consolidated financial statements until 2022.
ComEd Electric Distribution Rates
The Clean Energy Law contains requirements associated with ComEd’ s transition away from the performance-based electric
distribution formula rate. The law authorizing that rate setting process sunsets at the end of 2022. The Clean Energy Law, and tariffs
adopted under it, govern s both the remaining reconciliations of rates set under that formula process and requires ComEd to file in
2023 its choice of either a general rate case or a four-year multi-year plan to set rates that take ef fect in 2024.
On February 3, 2022, the ICC approved a tariff that establishes the process under which Com Ed will reconcile its 2022 and 2023
rate year revenue requir ements with actual costs. Those reconciliation amounts will be determined using the same process as were
used for prior reconciliat ions under the performance-based electric distribution formula rate. Using that process, for the years 2022
and 2023 ComEd will ultimately collect revenues from customers reflecting each year’s actual recoverable costs, year-end rate base,
and a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate base, with the ROE component based on the annual average of
the monthly yields of the 30-year United States Treasury bonds plus 580 basis points.
If ComEd elects to file a multi-year plan, that plan would set rates for 2024 – 2027, based on forecasted revenue requirements and
an ICC determined rate of return on rate base, including the cost of common equity . Each year of the multi-year plan is subject to
after the fact ICC review and reconciliation of the plan’ s revenue requirement for that year with the actual costs that the ICC
determines are prudently and reasonably incurred for that year. That reconciliation is subject to adjustment for certain expenses and,
unless the plan is modifi ed, to a 5% cap on increases in certain costs over the costs in the previously approved multi-year rate plan
revenue requirement. ComEd would make its initial reconciliation filing in 2025, and the rate adjustments necessary to reconcile
2024 revenu es to ComEd’ s actual 2024 costs incurred would take effect in January 2026 after the ICC’s review . The ICC must also
approve certain annual performance metrics, which can impose symmetrical performance adjustments in the total range of 20 to 60
basis points  to ComEd’ s rate of return on common equity based on the extent to which ComEd achieved the annual performance
goals. ComEd will recov er from retail customers, subject to certain exceptions, the costs it incurs  pursuant to the Clean Energy Law
either through its electric distribution rate or other recovery mechanisms.
The Clean Energy Law, among other things, also requires ComEd’ s rates to include a decoupling mechanism to eliminate any
impacts of weather or load from ComEd’ s electri c distribution rate revenues. The Clean Energy Law also requires the ICC to initiate
a docket to accelerate and fully credit to customers unprotected property related TCJA  excess deferred income taxes no later than
December 31, 2025.
Energy Efficiency
205
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
The Clean Energy Law extends ComEd’ s current cumulative annual energy efficiency MWh savings goals through 2040, adds
expanded electrification measures to those goals, increases low-income commitments and adds a new performance adjustment to
the energy efficiency formula rate. ComEd expects its annual spend to increase in 2022 through 2040 to achieve these energy
efficiency MWh savings goals, which will be deferred as a separate regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy
efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related energy ef ficiency measures.
Energy Efficiency Formula Rate (Exelon and ComEd).  FEJA allows ComEd to defer energy efficienc y costs (except for any
voltage optim ization costs which are recovered through the electric distribution formula rate) as a separate regulatory asset that is
recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related
energy efficiency measures. ComEd earns a return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset at a rate equal to its weighted average
cost of capital, which is based on a year-end capital structure and calculated using the same methodology applicable to ComEd’ s
electric distribution formula rate. Beginning Janu ary 1, 2018 through December 31, 2030, the ROE that ComEd earns on its energy
efficiency regulatory asset is subject to a maxi mum downward or upward adjustment of 200 basis points if ComEd’ s cumulative
persisting annual MWh savings falls short of or exceeds specified percentage benchmarks of its annual incremental savings goal.
ComEd is required to file an update to its energy  efficiency formula rate on or before June 1 each year, with resulting  rates effective
in January of the follow ing year. The annual update is based on projected current year energy efficiency costs, PJM capacity
revenues, and the projected year-end regulatory asset balance less any related deferred income taxes (initial year revenue
requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual
costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation). The approved energy efficiency formula rate also provides for revenue
decoupling provisions similar to those in ComEd’ s electric distribution formula rate.
During 2021, the ICC approved the following total increases in ComEd's requested energy ef ficiency revenue requirement:
Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement IncreaseApproved Revenue
Requirement Increase Approved ROE Approval Date Rate Effective Date
June 1, 2021 $ 54 $ 54 7.36 % November 18, 2021 January 1, 2022
_________
(a)ComEd’s 2022 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $55 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2022 and a
decrease of $1 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2020. The revenue requirement for 2022 provides for a weighted average debt and
equity return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset and rate base of 5.72% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.36%, reflecting the monthly
average yields for 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. The revenue requirement for the 2020 reconciliation year provides for a
weighted average debt and equity return on the energy efficiency asset and rate base of 6.26% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.46%, which
includes an upward performance adjustment that increased the ROE. The performance adjustment can either increase or decrease the ROE
based upon the achievement of energy efficiency savings goals. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated with its energy
efficiency formula rate.
Maryland Regulatory Matters
Maryland Revenue Decoupling (Exelon, BGE , PHI, Pepco, and DPL). In 1998, the MDPSC approved natural gas monthly rate
adjustments for BGE and in 2007, the MDPSC approved electric monthly rate adjustments for BGE and BSAs for Pepco and DPL,
all of which are decoupling mechanisms. As a result of the decoupling mechanisms, certain Operating revenues from electric and
natural gas distribution at BGE and Operating revenues from electric distribution at Pepco Maryland (see also District of Columbia
Revenue Decoupling below for Pepco District of Columbia) and DPL are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer .
For BGE, Pepco, and DPL, the decoupling mechanism eliminates the impacts of abnorm al weather or customer usage by
recognizing revenues based on an authorized distribution amount per customer by customer class. Operating revenues from electric
and natural gas distribution at BGE and Opera ting revenues from electric distribution at Pepco Maryland and DPL are, however ,
impacted by changes in the number of customers.
Maryland Order Directing the Distribution of Energy Assistance Funds (Exelon, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL).  On June 15,
2021, the MDPSC issued an order authorizing the disbursal of funds to utilities in accordance with Maryland COVID-19 relief
legislation. Under this order , BGE, Pepco, and DPL received funds of $50 million, $12 million, and $8 million, respectively , in July
2021. The funds have been used to reduce or eliminate certain qualifying past-due residential customer receivables.st
(a)
206
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
District of Columbia Regulatory Matters
District of Columbia Revenue Decoupling (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco). In 2009, the DCPSC approved a BSA, which is a
decoupling mechanism. As a result of the decou pling mechanism, Operating revenues from electric distribution at Pepco District of
Columbia (see also Maryland Revenue Decoupl ing above for Pepco Maryland) are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per
customer . The decoupling mechanism eliminate s the impacts of abnormal weather or customer usage by recognizing revenues
based on an authorized distribution amount per customer by customer class. Operating revenue s from electric distribution at Pepco
District of Columbia are, however , impacted by changes in the number of customers.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
Conservation Incentive Program (CIP) (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On September 25, 2020, ACE filed an application with the
NJBPU as was required seeking approval to implement a portfolio of energy efficiency programs pursuant to New Jersey’ s clean
energy legislation. The filing included a request to implement a CIP that would eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of
weather and customer usage patterns on distribution revenues for most customers. The CIP compares current distribution revenues
by customer class to approved target revenues established in ACE’ s most recent distribution base rate case. The CIP is calculated
annually and recovery is subject to certain conditions, including an earnings test and ceilings on customer rate increases.
On April 27, 2021, the NJBPU approved the settlement filed by ACE and the third parties to the proceeding. The approved
settlement addresses all material aspects of ACE’ s filing, including ACE’ s ability to implement the CIP prospectively effective July 1,
2021. As a result of this decoupling mechanism, operating revenues will no longer be impacted  by abnormal weather or usage for
most custom ers. Starting in third quarter of 2021 , ACE will record alternative revenue program revenues for its best estimate of the
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in CIP rates that it believes are probable of approval by the NJBPU in
accordance with this mechanism.
ACE Infrast ructure Investment Program Filing (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On February 28, 2018,  ACE filed with the NJBPU the
company’ s IIP proposing  to seek recovery of a series of investments through a new rider mecha nism, totaling $338 million, between
2019-2022 to provide safe and reliable service for its customers. The IIP will allow for more timely recovery of investments made to
modernize and enhance ACE’ s electric system. On April 15, 2019, ACE entered into a settlement agreement with other parties,
which allows for a recovery totaling $96 million of reliability related capital investments from July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2023. On
April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the settlement agreement.
Advanced Metering Infrastructure Filing (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On August 26, 2020, ACE filed an application with the NJBPU
as was required seeking  approval to deploy a smart energy network in alignment with New Jersey’ s Energy Master Plan and Clean
Energy Act. The proposal consisted of estimated costs totaling $220 millio n with deployment taking place over a 3-year
implementation period from approximately 2021 to 2024 that involves the installation of an integ rated system of smart meters for all
customers accompanied by the requisite communications facilities and data management systems.
On July 14, 2021, the NJBPU approved the settlement filed by ACE and the third parties to the proceeding. The approved settlement
addresses all material aspects of ACE's smart energy network deployment plan, including cost recovery of the investment costs,
incremental O&M expenses, and the unrecovered balance of existing infrastructure through future distribution rates.
New Jersey  Clean Energy Legislation (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that
established and modified New Jersey’ s clean energy and energy efficiency programs and solar and RPS. On the same day, New
Jersey enac ted legislatio n that established a ZEC program that provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the
NJBPU that they meet certain requirements, including that they make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their
revenues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Electric distribution utilities in New Jersey , including ACE, began collecting
from retail distribution customers, through a non-bypassable charge, all costs associated with the utility’ s procurement of the ZECs
effective April 18, 2019. See Generation Regulatory Matters below for additional information.
207
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Other Federal Regulatory Matters
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory  Assets (Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE). On December 13,
2016 (and as amended on March 13, 2017), BGE filed with FERC to begin recovering certain existing and future transmission-
related income tax regulatory assets through its transmission formula rate. BGE’ s existing regulatory assets included (1) amounts
that, if BGE’ s transmission formula rate provided for recovery , would have been previously amort ized and (2) amounts that would be
amortized and recovered prospectively . On November 16, 2017, FERC issued an order rejecting BGE’ s proposed revisions to its
transmission formula rate to recover these trans mission-related income tax regulatory assets. In the fourth quarter of 2017, ComEd,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE fully impaired their associated transmission-related income tax regulatory assets for the portion of the
income tax regulatory assets that would have been previously amortized.
On Februar y 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018), ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each filed with FERC to revise their
transmission formula rate mechanisms to permit recovery of transmission-related income tax regulatory assets, including those
amounts that would have been previously amortized and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for
such recovery .
On September 7, 2018, FERC issued orders rejecting 1) BGE’ s rehearing request of FERC's November 16, 2017 order and 2) the
February 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018) filing by ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE for similar recovery .
On November 2, 2018, BGE filed an appeal of FERC's September 7, 2018 order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. On
March 27, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court denied BGE’ s November 2, 2018 appeal.
On October 1, 2018, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE submitted filings to recover ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts and
credit TCJA  transmission -related income tax regulatory liabilities to customers for the prospective  period starting on October 1, 2018.
On April 26, 2019, FERC issued an order accepting ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's October 1, 2018 filings, effective
October 1, 2018, subject to refund and established hearing and settlement judge procedures.  On April 24, 2020, ComEd, BGE,
Pepco, DPL, ACE, and other parties filed a settlement agreement with FERC, which FERC approved on September 24, 2020. The
settlement agreement provides for the recovery of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and establishes the
amount and amortization period for excess deferred income taxes resulting from TCJA. The settlement resulted in a reduction to
Operating revenues and an of fsetting reduction to Income tax expense in the second quarter of 2020.
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits that have been deferred
because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates or represent billings in advance of
expenditures for approved regulatory programs.
208
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
The following tables provide information about the regulatory assets and liabilities of the Registr ants as of December 31, 2021 and
2020:
December 31, 2021 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory assets
Pension and OPEB $2,409  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Pension and OPEB - merger related 893 — — — — — — — 
Deferred income taxes 883 — 873 — 10 10 — — 
AMI programs - deployment costs 145 — — 89 56 30 26 — 
AMI programs - legacy meters 186 69 — 29 88 60 21 7 
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 44 44 — — — — — — 
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 104 104 — — — — — — 
Energy ef ficiency costs 1,181  1,181  — — — — — — 
Fair value of long-term debt 557 — — — 443 — — — 
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 236 — — — 236 — — — 
Asset retirement obligations 145 99 21 19 6 5 — 1 
MGP  remediation costs 283 266 8 9 — — — — 
Renewable energy 219 219 — — — — — — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 96 — — 49 47 29 13 5 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 43 — 14 1 28 — 8 20 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 564 — — 283 281 199 79 3 
Under-recovered revenue decoupling 157 — — 32 125 125 — — 
Removal costs 758 — — 143 615 147 109 360 
DC PLUG charge 70 — — — 70 70 — — 
Deferred storm costs 49 — — — 49 3 3 43 
COVID-19 82 28 33 8 13 10 3 — 
Under-recovered credit loss expense 89 60 — — 29 — — 29 
Other 327 135 42 30 130 57 18 23 
Total regulatory assets 9,520  2,205  991 692 2,226  745 280 491 
        Less: current portion 1,296  335 48 215 432 213 68 61 
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,224  $1,870  $ 943 $ 477 $1,794  $ 532 $ 212 $ 430 
209
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2021 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory liabilities
Deferred income taxes $4,005  $2,105  $ — $ 819 $1,081  $ 525 $ 354 $ 202 
Nuclear decommissioning 3,357  2,760  597 — — — — — 
Removal costs 1,694  1,541  — 39 114 20 94 — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 113 25 71 — 17 9 3 5 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 8 7 — — 1 1 — — 
Renewable portfolio standards costs 500 500 — — — — — — 
Stranded costs 35 — — — 35 — — 35 
Other 292 6 61 102 58 8 15 10 
Total regulatory liabilities 10,004  6,944  729 960 1,306  563 466 252 
        Less: current portion 376 185 94 26 68 14 25 28 
Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities $9,628  $6,759  $ 635 $ 934 $1,238  $ 549 $ 441 $ 224 
210
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2020 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory assets
Pension and OPEB $3,010  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Pension and OPEB - merger related 1,014  — — — — — — — 
Deferred income taxes 715 — 705 — 10 10 — — 
AMI programs - deployment costs 174 — — 109 65 35 30 — 
AMI programs - legacy meters 219 90 — 37 92 68 24 — 
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations (14) (14) — — — — — — 
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 117 117 — — — — — — 
Energy ef ficiency costs 982 982 — — — — — — 
Fair value of long-term debt 598 — — — 478 — — — 
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 328 — — — 328 — — — 
Asset retirement obligations 135 92 21 18 4 3 — 1 
MGP  remediation costs 285 271 10 4 — — — — 
Renewable energy 301 301 — — — — — — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 95 — — 23 72 37 5 30 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 5 — — 2 3 — 2 1 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 572 — — 289 283 203 80 — 
Under-recovered revenue decoupling 113 — — 20 93 93 — — 
Stranded costs 25 — — — 25 — — 25 
Removal costs 701 — — 107 594 151 105 339 
DC PLUG charge 100 — — — 100 100 — — 
Deferred storm costs 50 — — — 50 5 4 41 
COVID-19 81 22 38 10 11 7 4 — 
Under-recovered credit loss expense 107 89 — — 18 — — 18 
Other 274 78 27 30 147 72 26 15 
Total regulatory assets 9,987  2,028  801 649 2,373  784 280 470 
        Less: current portion 1,228  279 25 168 440 214 58 75 
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,759  $1,749  $ 776 $ 481 $1,933  $ 570 $ 222 $ 395 
211
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2020 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory liabilities
Deferred income taxes $4,502  $2,205  $ — $1,001  $1,296  $ 621 $ 404 $ 271 
Nuclear decommissioning 3,016  2,541  475 — — — — — 
Removal costs 1,649  1,482  — 47 120 20 100 — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 175 34 97 6 38 24 10 4 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 52 2 12 — 38 23 9 6 
Renewable portfolio standards costs 427 427 — — — — — — 
Stranded costs 24 — — — 24 — — 24 
Other 221 1 40 85 59 2 17 13 
Total regulatory liabilities 10,066  6,692  624 1,139  1,575  690 540 318 
        Less: current portion 581 289 121 30 137 46 47 44 
Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities $9,485  $6,403  $ 503 $1,109  $1,438  $ 644 $ 493 $ 274 
Descriptions of the regulatory assets and liabiliti es included in the tables above are summarized  below , including their recovery and
amortization periods.
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Pension and OPEBPrimarily reflects the Utility Registrants' and PHI's
portion of deferred costs, including unamortized
actuarial losses (gains) and prior service costs
(credits), associated with Exelon's pension and
OPEB plans, which are recovered through customer
rates once amortized through net periodic benefit
cost. Also, includes the Utility Registrants' and PHI's
non–service cost components capitalized in
Property , plant and equipment, net on their
Consolidated Balance Sheets.The deferred costs are
amortized over the plan
participants' average
remaining service periods
subject to applicable
pension and OPEB cost
recognition policies. See
Note 15 — Retirement
Benefits for additional
information. The
capitalized non–service
cost components are
amortized over the lives
of the underlying assets.No
Pension and OPEB -
merger relatedThe deferred costs are amortized over the plan
participants' average remaining service periods
subject to applicable pension and OPEB cost
recognition policies. See Note 15 — Retirement
Benefits for additional information. The capitalized
non–service cost components are amortized over
the lives of the underlying assets.Legacy Constellation -
2038
Legacy PHI - 2032No
212
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Deferred income taxesDeferred income taxes that are recoverable or
refundable through customer rates, primarily
associated with accelerated depreciation, the equity
component of AFUDC, and the ef fects of income tax
rate changes, including those resulting from the
TCJA. These amounts include transmission-related
regulatory liabilities that require FERC approval
separate from the transmission formula rate. See
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory
Assets section above for additional information.Over the period in which
the related deferred
income taxes reverse,
which is generally based
on the expected life of the
underlying assets. For
TCJA, generally refunded
over the remaining
depreciable life of the
underlying assets, except
in certain jurisdictions
where the commissions
have approved a shorter
refund period for certain
assets not subject to IRS
normalization rules.No
AMI programs -
deployment costsInstallation and ongoing incremental costs of new
smart meters, including implementation costs at
Pepco and DPL  of dynamic pricing for energy usage
resulting from smart meters.BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030
ACE - To be determined
in next distribution rate
case filed with NJBPUBGE, Pepco, DPL  - Yes
ACE - Yes, on
incremental costs of new
smart meters
AMI programs - legacy
metersEarly retirement costs of legacy meters.ComEd - 2028
BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030
ACE - To be determined
in next distribution rate
case filed with NJBPUComEd, Pepco (District of
Columbia), DPL
(Delaware), ACE - Yes
BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL (Maryland) - No
Electric distribution
formula rate annual
reconciliationsUnder/(Over)-recoveries related to electric
distribution service costs recoverable through
ComEd's performance-based formula rate, which is
updated annually with rates ef fective on January 1 .2023 Yes
Electric distribution
formula rate significant
one-time eventsDeferred distribution service costs related to
ComEd's significant one-time events (e.g., storm
costs), which are recovered over 5 years from date
of the event.2025 Yesst
213
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Energy ef ficiency costsComEd's costs recovered through the energy
efficiency formula rate tarif f and the reconciliation of
the dif ference of the revenue requirement in ef fect
for the prior year and the revenue requirement
based on actual prior year costs. Deferred energy
efficiency costs are recovered over the weighted
average useful life of the related energy measure.2032 Yes
Fair value of long-term
debtRepresents the dif ference between the carrying
value and fair value of long-term debt of BGE and
PHI of $ 114 million and $ 443 million, respectively ,
as of December 31, 2021, and $ 120 million and
$478 million, respectively , as of December 31,
2020, as of the PHI and Constellation merger dates.BGE - 2036
PHI - 2045No
Fair value of PHI’ s
unamortized energy
contractsRepresents the regulatory assets recorded at
Exelon and PHI of fsetting the fair value adjustment
related to Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's electricity and
natural gas energy supply contracts recorded at PHI
as of the PHI merger date.2036 No
Asset retirement
obligationsFuture legally required removal costs associated
with existing AROs.Over the life of the related
assets.Yes, once the removal
activities have been
performed.
MGP  remediation costsEnvironmental remediation costs for MGP  sites
recorded at ComEd, PECO, and BGE.Over the expected
remediation period. See
Note 19 — Commitments
and Contingencies for
additional information.No
Renewable energyRepresents the change in fair value of ComEd‘s 20-
year floating-to-fixed long-term renewable energy
swap contracts.2032 No
Electric energy and
natural gas costsUnder (over)-recoveries related to energy and gas
supply related costs recoverable (refundable) under
approved rate riders.2025DPL (Delaware), ACE -
Yes
ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  (Maryland) -
No
Transmission formula rate
annual reconciliationsUnder (over)-recoveries related to transmission
service costs recoverable through the Utility
Registrants’  FERC formula rates, which are updated
annually with rates ef fective each June 1 .2023 Yes
Energy ef ficiency and
demand response
programsIncludes under (over)-recoveries of costs incurred
related to energy ef ficiency programs and demand
response programs and recoverable costs
associated with customer direct load control and
energy ef ficiency and conservation programs that
are being recovered from customers.PECO - 2025
BGE - 2026
Pepco, DPL  - 2036
ACE - 2031BGE, Pepco, DPL, ACE -
Yes
PECO - Yes on capital
investment recovered
through this mechanismst
214
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Under-recovered revenue
decouplingElectric and / or gas distribution costs recoverable
from customers under decoupling mechanisms.BGE - 2022
Pepco (Maryland) -
$22 million - 2022
Pepco (District of
Columbia) - $ 103 million:
$66 million to be
recovered via monthly
surcharge by 2024;
$37 million to be
recovered via monthly
surcharge, estimated to
be fully recovered by
2028BGE and Pepco - No
Stranded costsThe regulatory asset represents certain stranded
costs associated with ACE's former electricity
generation business. The regulatory liability
represents overcollection of a customer surcharge
collected by ACE to fund principal and interest
payments on Transition Bonds of ACE Transition
Funding that securitized such costs.Stranded costs - 2022
Overcollection - To be
determined by refund
mechanism filing with
NJBPUStranded costs - Yes
Overcollection - No
Removal costsFor BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the regulatory
asset represents costs incurred to remove property ,
plant and equipment in excess of amounts received
from customers through depreciation rates. For
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, and DPL, the regulatory
liability represents amounts received from
customers through depreciation rates to cover the
future non–legally required cost to remove property ,
plant and equipment, which reduces rate base for
ratemaking purposes.BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE - Asset is generally
recovered over the life of
the underlying assets.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco,
and DPL  - Liability is
reduced as costs are
incurred.Yes
DC PLUG chargeCosts associated with DC PLUG, which is a
projected six-year , $500 million project to place
underground some of the District of Columbia’ s
most outage-prone power lines with $ 250 million of
the project costs funded by Pepco and $ 250 million
funded by the District of Columbia. Rates for the DC
PLUG initiative went into ef fect on February 7,
2018.2024Portion of asset funded
by Pepco-Y es
215
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Deferred storm costsFor Pepco, DPL, and ACE amounts represent total
incremental storm restoration costs incurred due to
major storm events recoverable from customers in
the Maryland and New Jersey jurisdictions.Pepco - 2024
DPL - $1 million - 2025;
$2 million to be
determined in pending
distribution rate case filed
with MDPSC
ACE - $ 36 million - 2024;
$7 million to be
determined in next
distribution rate case filed
with NJBPUPepco, DPL  - Yes
ACE - No
Nuclear decommissioningEstimated future decommissioning costs for the
Regulatory Agreement Units that are less than the
associated NDT  fund assets. See Note 10 — Asset
Retirement Obligations for additional information.Not currently being
refunded.No
COVID-19Incremental credit losses and direct costs related to
COVID-19 incurred primarily in 2020 at the Utility
Registrants, partially of fset by a decrease in travel
costs at BGE, Pepco and DPL. Direct costs
consisted primarily of costs to acquire personal
protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies
and services, and costs to hire healthcare
professionals to monitor the health of employees.ComEd - 2025
BGE - 2025
PECO - 2024
Pepco (District of
Columbia) - $ 8 million to
be determined in next
distribution rate case filed
with DCPSC
Pepco (Maryland) -
$1 million - 2026;
$1 million to be
determined in next
distribution rate case filed
with MDPSC
DPL (Maryland) -
$1 million to be
determined in pending
distribution rate case filed
with MDPSC
DPL (Delaware) -
$2 million to be
determined in next
distribution rate case filed
with DEPSCComEd and BGE - Yes
PECO, Pepco, and DPL  -
No
216
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Under-recovered credit
loss expenseFor ComEd and ACE, amounts represent the
difference between annual credit loss expense and
revenues collected in rates through ICC and
NJBPU-approved riders. The dif ference between
net credit loss expense and revenues collected
through the rider each calendar year for ComEd is
recovered over a twelve-month period beginning in
June of the following calendar year . ACE intends to
recover from June through May of each respective
year, subject to approval of the NJBPU.ComEd - 2024
ACE - To be determined
in next Societal Benefits
Rider filing with NJBPUNo
Renewable portfolio
standards costsRepresents an overcollection of funds from both
ComEd customers and alternative retail electricity
suppliers to be spent on future renewable energy
procurements.$432 million to be
determined in the ICC
annual reconciliation for
2023
$68 million to be
determined based on the
LTRRPP  developed by
the IP ANo
Capitalized Ratemaking Amounts Not Recognized
The following table presents authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes related to earnings on shareholders’
investment that are not recognized for financial reporting purposes in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets. These amounts
will be recognized as revenues in the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the periods
they are billable to the Utility Registrants' customers.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021 $ 43 $ 1 $ — $ 37 $ 5 $ 3 $ 2 $ — 
December 31, 2020 51 (1) — 45 7 4 3 — 
__________
(a)Reflects ComEd's unrecognized equity returns/(losses) earned/(incurred) for ratemaking purposes on its electric distribution formula rate
regulatory assets.
(b)BGE's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes primarily relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on its AMI programs.
(c)Pepco's and DPL's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on their respective
AMI Programs and Energy Efficiency and Demand Response Programs. The earnings on energy efficiency are on Pepco DC and DPL DE
programs only.
Generation Regulatory Matters (Exelon)
Impacts of the February 2021 Extreme Cold W eather Event and T exas-based Generating Assets Outages
Beginning on February 15, 2021, Generation’ s Texas-based generating assets within the ERCOT  market, specifically Colorado Bend
II, Wolf Hollow II, and Handley , experienced outages as a result of extreme cold weather conditions. In addition, those weather
conditions drove increased demand for service, dramatically increased wholesale power prices, and also increased gas prices in
certain regions. In response to the high dema nd and significantly reduced total generation on the system, the PUCT  directed
ERCOT  to use an administrative price cap of $ 9,000  per MWh during firm load shedding events.
The estimated impact to Exelon's Net Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 arisin g from these market and weather
conditions was a reduction of approximately $ 800 million. The ultimate impact to Exelon's(a) (b) (c) (c)
217
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
consolidated financial statements may be affected by a number of factors, including the impacts of customer and counterparty
defaults and recoveries, any additional solutions  to address the financial challenges caused by the event, and related litigation and
contract disputes.
During Febru ary and March 2021, various parties with differing interests, including generators and retail providers, filed requests with
the PUCT to void the PUCT’ s orders setting prices at $9,000  per MWh during firm load shedding events. Other requests were made
for the PUCT  to enforce its order and reduce prices for 33 hours between February 18 and February 19 after firm load shedding
ceased, and to cap ancillary services at $9,000  per MWh. On March 2, 2021, a third party filed a notice of appeal in the Court of
Appeals for the Third District of Texas challenging the validity of the PUCT’ s actions. Generation intervened in that appeal and filed
its initial brief on June 2, 2021 and reply brief on November 5, 2021. On April 19, 2021, Gener ation filed a declaratory action and
request for judicial review of the PUCT’ s orders setting prices at $9,000  per MWh in District Court of Travis County , Texas.
Generation subsequently requested that the District Court of Travis County , Texas stay its proceeding pending action by the Court of
Appeals in the third party proceeding. On May 17, 2021, Generation amended its petition for declaratory action and request for
judicial revie w pending in the District Court of Travis County , Texas. Exelon cannot reasonably predict the outcome of these
proceedings or the potential financial statement impact.
Due to the event, a number of ERCOT  market participants experienced bankruptcies or defaulted on payments to ERCOT , resulting
in approximately a $3.0 billion payment shortfall  in collections, which is allocated to the remaining ERCOT  market partic ipants. As of
December 31, 2021, Exelon has recorded Generation's estimated portion of this obligation, net of legislative solutions, of
approximately $17 million on a discounted basis, which is to be paid over a term of 83 years. ERCOT  rules histori cally have limited
recovery of default from market participants to $2.5 million per month mark et-wide. In February 2021, the PUCT  gave ERCOT
discretion to disregard those rules, but ERCOT  has declined to exercise that discretion as to the imposition of uplift charges. On
March 8, 2021, a third party filed a notice of appeal in the Court of Appeals for the Third District  of Texas challenging the validity of
the PUCT's order to ERCOT  in February 2021.  Generation intervened in that appeal and filed its initial brief on July 7, 2021. The
case has been stayed until March 3, 2022 to afford time for the PUCT  to respond to ERCOT's November 18, 2021 request that the
PUCT  withd raw its February 2021 order . On May 7, 2021, Generation filed a declaratory action and request for judicial review of the
PUCT's order in the District Court of Travis County , Texas. Generation subsequently requested that the District Court of Travis
County , Texas stay its proceeding pending action by the Court of Appeals in the third party proceeding. Exelon cannot reasonably
predict the outcome of these proceedings or the potential financial statement impact.
Additionally , several legislative proposals were introduced in the Texas legislature during February and March 2021 concerning the
amount, timing and allocation of recovery of the $3.0 billion shortfall, as well as recovery of other costs associated with the PUCT's
directive to set prices at $9,000  per MWh. Two of these proposals were enacted into law in June 2021 and establish financ ing
mechanisms that ERCOT  and certain market participants can utilize to fund amounts owed to ERCOT . Generation participated in
proceedings before the PUCT  addressing the proposed allocation of the $2.1 billion in securitized funds for reliability and ancillary
service charges over $9,000  per MWh. In Septemb er 2021, Generation entered into a settlement agreement and stipula tion to
resolve the allocation issues. The PUCT  approved the settlement agreement and stipulation on October 13, 2021.
In addition, other legisla tive proposals were introduced in the Texas legislature during February  and March 2021 addressing cold-
weather preparation for power plants and natural gas production and transportation infrastructure and the market structure for
reliability services. The Texas legislature addre ssed these proposals by enacting a bill with a broad set of market reforms that,
among other things, directed the PUCT  to establish weatherization standards for electric genera tors within six months of enactment
and gave the PUCT  authority to impose administrative penalties if the new proposed standard s, once adopted, are not met. On
October 21, 2021, the PUCT  adopted a rule change requiring generators by December 1, 2021  to complete a number of specified
winter readin ess prepara tions and to submit to ERCOT  a report describing and certifying the completion of those preparations. The
PUCT  described these requirements as the first phase of its actions with respect to winter preparedness, which Generation
completed timely , and will be followed by a second phase consisting of a year-round set of weather preparedness standards to be
informed by a weather study conducted by ERCOT  and submitted to the PUCT  on December 15, 2021.
The legislation also direc ts the PUCT  to evaluate whether additional ancillary services are needed for reliability in the ERCOT  power
region to provide adequate incentives for dispatc hable generation. Throughout 2021, Exelon and others submitted various proposals
to the PUCT  with respect to a range of potential market reforms,
218
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
including the implementation of additional ancillary service products as well as changes to the high system-wide offer cap and
operating reserve deman d curve, which remain pending. On December 2, 2021, the PUCT  reduc ed ERCOT’ s high system-wide offer
cap to $ 5,000  per MWh.
In February 2021, more than 70 local distribution  companies (LDCs) and natural gas pipelines in multiple states throughout the mid-
continent region, where  Generation serves natural gas customers, issued operational flow orders (OFOs), curtailments or other
limitations on natural gas transportation or use to manage the operational integrity of the applicable LDC or pipeline system. When in
effect, gas transportatio n or use above these limitations is subject to significant penalties according to the applicable LDCs’  and
natural gas pipelines’  tariffs. Gas transportation and supply in many states became restricted  due to wells freezing and pipeline
compression disruption, while demand was increasing due to the extreme cold temperatures, resulting in extremely high natural gas
prices. Due to the extraordinary circumstances, many LDCs and natural gas pipelines have eithe r voluntarily waived or have sought
applicable regulatory approvals to waive the tariff penalties associated with the extreme weath er event. During March 2021, three
natural gas pipelines filed individual petitions with FERC requesting approval to waive OFO penalties. Generation also filed motions
in March 2021 to intervene and filed comments  in support of these FERC waiver requests. On March 25, 2021, FERC issued an
order on one of the petitions approving a pipeline’ s request for a limited waiver of penalties for February 15, 2021. On April 23, 2021,
Generation and several other entities filed a request at FERC for rehearing of this order which was denied on May 24, 2021.
Generation and the other entities filed an appeal of the rehearing of the order with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit on
July 21, 2021. Additionally , Generation and the other entities filed a complaint requesting that FERC expand the order to include
additional days of the weather event in February , from February 16 through February 19, 2021. On October 21, 2021, FERC denied
the complain t finding that a pipeline has the discretion whether to waive penalties under its tariff, and on December 6, 2021 the
related D.C. Circuit petition for review was withdrawn. During April 2021, FERC issued orders on the remaining petitions approving
the requests  to waive the penalties. During May 2021, an LDC filed a motion with the Kans as Corporation Commission (KCC)
requesting the KCC to grant a waiver from the tariff and allow the LDC to reduce the amounts assessed by permitting the removal of
a multiplier from the penalty calculation. On January 20, 2022, a unanimous settlement that was filed with the KCC that amended
previously filed October 8, 2021 and November  30, 2021 nonunanimous settlements that, if approved, would resolve this matter .
Exelon cannot predict the outcome of the KCC proceeding.
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Clean Ener gy Law. See Clean  Energy Law above for additional information related to Generation. See Note 7 – Early Plant
Retirements for additional information on Generation’ s Illinois nuclear plants.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
New Jersey Clean Energy Legislation . On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that established a ZEC program that
provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certa in requirements, including that they
make a significant contri bution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Under
the legislation, the NJBP U will issue ZECs to qualifying nuclear power plants and the electric  distribution utilities in New Jersey ,
including ACE, will be required to purchase those  ZECs. On April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the award of ZECs to Salem 1 and
Salem 2. Upon approval , Generation began recognizing revenue for the sale of New Jersey ZECs in the month they are generated.
On March 19, 2021, a three-judge panel of the Superior Court of New Jersey Appellate Division unanimously affirmed the NJBPU’ s
April 2019 order awardin g ZECs for the first eligibility period. On April 8, 2021, New Jersey Rate Counsel filed a notice asking the
New Jersey Supreme Court to hear the appea l of the Superior Court’ s order . On July 9, 2021, the New Jersey Supreme Court
declined to hear the appeal. On October 1, 2020, PSEG and Generation filed applications seeking ZECs for the second eligibility
period (June  2022 through May 2025). On April 27, 2021, the NJBPU approved the award of ZECs to Salem 1 and Salem 2 for the
second eligib ility period. On May 11, 2021, the New Jersey Rate Counsel appealed the April 27, 2021 decision to the Superior Court
of New Jersey Appellate  Division. Briefing on the appeal is expected to conclude in the first half of 2022. Exelon cannot reasonably
predict the outcome of this proceeding.
219
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Federal Regulatory Matters
PJM and NYISO MOPR  Proceedings. PJM and NYISO capaci ty markets include a MOPR. If a resource is subjected to a MOPR,
its offer is adjusted to effectively remove the revenues it receives through a state government-provided financial support program -
resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. Prior to December 19, 2019,  the MOPR in PJM applied only to
certain new gas-fired resources. Currently , the MOPR in NYISO applies only to certain resources in downstate New York.
For Generation’ s nuclear facilities in PJM and NYISO that are currently receiving state-suppo rted compensation, for carbon-free
attributes, an expanded MOPR would require exclusion of such compensation when bidding into future capacity auctions, resulting
in an increased risk of these facilities not receiving capacity revenues in future auctions.
On December 19, 2019 , FERC required PJM to broadly apply the MOPR to all new and existing resources including nuclear ,
renewables, demand response, energy efficiency , storage, and all resources owned by vertic ally-integrated utilities. This greatly
expanded the breadth and scope of PJM’ s MOP R, which became effective as of PJM’ s capacity  auction for the 2022-2023 planning
year. While FERC included some limited exemptions, no exemptions were available to state-supported nuclear resources.
FERC provided no new mechanism for accommodating state-supported resources other than the existing FRR mechanism (under
which an entire utility zone would be removed from PJM’ s capacity auction along with sufficient resources to support the load in such
zone). In response to FERC’ s order , PJM submitted a compliance filing on March 18, 2020 wherein PJM proposed tariff language
interpreting and impleme nting FERC's directives, and proposed a schedule for resuming capaci ty auctions that is contingent on the
timing of FERC's action on the compliance filing.
On April 16, 2020, FERC issued an order largely denying most requests for rehearing of FERC's December 2019 order but granting
a few clarifications that required an additional PJM compliance filing which PJM submitted on June 1, 2020.
A number of parties, including Exelon, have filed petitions for review of FERC's orders in this proceeding, which remain pending
before the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
As a result, the MOPR applied in the capacity auction for the 2022-23 planning year to Generation's owned or jointly owned nuclear
plants in those states receiving a benefit under  the Illinois ZES, and the New Jersey ZEC program. The MOPR prevented Quad
Cities from clearing in that capacity auction.
At the direction of the PJM Board of Manager s, PJM and its stakeholders developed further MOPR reforms to ensure that the
capacity market rules respect and accommodate state resource preferences such as the ZEC programs. PJM filed related tariff
revisions at FERC on July 30, 2021 and, on September 29, 2021, PJM's proposed MOPR reforms became effective by operation of
law. Under the new tariff provisions, the MOPR  will no longer apply to any of Generation’ s owned or jointly owned nuclear plants.
Requests for rehearing of FERC’ s notice establ ishing the effective date for PJM’ s proposed market reforms were filed in October
2021 and denied by operation of law on November 4, 2021. Several parties have filed petitions  for review of FERC's orders in this
proceeding, which remain pending before the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Exelon is strenuously opposing these appeals.
Exelon cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
On February  20, 2020, FERC issued an order rejecting requests to expand NYISO’ s version of the MOPR (referred to as buyer-side
mitigation rules) beyond its current limited applicability to certain resources in downstate. Howeve r, on October 14, 2020, two natural
gas-fired generators in New York filed a complaint at FERC seeking to expand the MOPR in NYISO to apply to all resources, new
and existing, across the entire NYISO market. Exelon is strenuously opposing expansion of FERC’s MOPR policies in the NYISO
market. While it is too early in the proceeding to predict its outcome and there are significant differences between the NYISO and
PJM market s that would justify a different result, if FERC applies the MOPR in NYISO broadly as requested in the complaint,
Generation’ s facilities in NYISO that are receiving ZEC compensation may be at increased risk of not clearing the capacity auction.
220
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Operating License Renewals
Conowingo Hydroelect ric Project . On August 29, 2012, Generation submitted an application to FERC for a new license for the
Conowingo Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo). In connection with Generation’ s efforts to obtain a water quality certification pursuant
to Section 401 of the Clean Water Act (401 Certification) from MDE for Conowingo, Generation had been working with MDE and
other stakeholders to resolve water quality licensing issues, including: (1) water quality , (2) fish habitat, and (3) sediment.
On April 21, 2016, Generation and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior executed a settlement
agreement (DOI Settlement) resolving all fish passage issues between the parties.
On April 27, 2018, MDE  issued its 401 Certification for Conowingo. As issued, the 401 Certification contained numerous conditions,
including those relating to reduction of nutrien ts from upstream sources, removal of all visible trash and debris from upstream
sources, and implementation of measures relating to fish passage.
On October 29, 2019, Generation and MDE filed with FERC a Joint Offer of Settlement (Offer of Settlement) that would resolve all
outstanding issues relating to the 401 Certification. Pursuant to the Offer of Settlement, the parties submitted Proposed License
Articles to FERC to be incorporated by FERC into the new license in accordance with FERC’ s discretionary authority under the
Federal Power Act. Among the Proposed License Articles were modifications to river flows to improve aquatic habitat, eel passage
improvements, and initiatives to support rare, threatened and endangered wildlife.
On March 19, 2021, FERC issued a new 50-year license for Conowingo, effective March 1, 2021. FERC adopted the Proposed
License Articles into the new license only making  modifications it deemed necessary to allow FERC to enforce the Proposed License
Articles. Consistent with the Offer of Settlement, FERC found that MDE waived its 401 Certification and pursuant to a separate
agreement with MDE (MDE Settlement), Generation agreed to implement additional environmental protection, mitigation, and
enhancement measures over the 50-year term of the new license. These measures address mussel restoration and other ecological
and water quality matter s, among other commitm ents. On April 19, 2021, a few environmental groups filed with FERC a petition for
rehearing requesting that FERC reconsider the issuance of the new Conowingo license, which was denied by operation of law on
May 20, 2021. On June 17, 2021, the petitioners appealed FERC’ s ruling to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. On July
15, 2021, FERC issued an order addressing the arguments raised on rehearing, affirming the determinations of its March 19, 2021
order .
The financial impact of the DOI and MDE Settlements and other anticipated license commitments are recognized over the new
license term, including capital and operating costs. The actual timing and amount of the majo rity of these costs are not currently
fixed and will vary from year to year throughout the life of the new license.
Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. On March 6, 2020, the NRC approved a secon d 20-year license renewal for Peach Bottom Units 2
and 3. Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3 are now licensed to operate through 2053 and 2054, respectively . See Note 8 – Property , Plant,
and Equipment for additional information regarding the estimated useful life and depreciation provisions for Peach Bottom.
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an
amount that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue
include competitive sales of power , natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary
sources of revenue include regulated electric and gas tariff sales, distribution, and transmission services. The performance
obligations, revenue recognition, and payment terms associated with these sources of revenue  are further discussed in the table
below . There  are no significant financing components for these sources of revenue and no variable consideration for regulated
electric and gas tarif f sales and regulated transmission services unless noted below .
Unless otherwise noted, for each of the significant revenue categories and related performance obligations described below , the
Registrants have the right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value transferred to the
customer for the performance completed to date. Therefore, the Registrants generally recogniz e revenue in the amount for which
they have the right to invoice the customer . As a result, there are generally no significant judgmen ts used in determining or allocating
the transaction price.
221
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Revenue Source Description Performance ObligationTiming of Revenue
Recognition Payment Terms
Competitive Power
Sales (Exelon)Sales of power and other
energy-related commodities to
wholesale and retail customers
across multiple geographic
regions through Generation's
customer-facing business.Various including the delivery
of power (generally delivered
over time) and other energy-
related commodities such as
capacity (generally delivered
over time), ZECs, RECs or
other ancillary services
(generally delivered at a
point in time).Concurrently as power
is generated for bundled
power sale contracts.Within the month
following delivery
to the customer .
Competitive Natural
Gas Sales (Exelon)Sales of natural gas on a full
requirement basis or for an
agreed upon volume to
commercial and residential
customers.Delivery of natural gas to the
customer .Over time as the natural
gas is delivered and
consumed by the
customer .Within the month
following delivery
to the customer .
Other Competitive
Products and Services
(Exelon)Sales of other energy-related
products and services such as
long-term construction and
installation of energy ef ficiency
assets and new power
generating facilities, primarily to
commercial and industrial
customers.Construction and/or
installation of the asset for
the customer .Revenues and
associated costs are
recognized throughout
the contract term using
an input method to
measure progress
towards completion.Within 30 or 45
days from the
invoice date.
Regulated Electric and
Gas Tariff Sales (The
Registrants)Sales of electricity and
electricity distribution services
(the Utility Registrants) and
natural gas and gas distribution
services (PECO, BGE, and
DPL) to residential,
commercial, industrial, and
governmental customers
through regulated tarif f rates
approved by state regulatory
commissions.Delivery of electricity and/or
natural gas.Over time (each day) as
the electricity and/or
natural gas is delivered
to customers. Tariff
sales are generally
considered daily
contracts as customers
can discontinue service
at any time.Within the month
following delivery
of the electricity or
natural gas to the
customer .
Regulated
Transmission Services
(The Registrants)The Utility Registrants provide
open access to their
transmission facilities to PJM,
which directs and controls the
operation of these transmission
facilities and accordingly
compensates the Utility
Registrants pursuant to filed
tariffs at cost-based rates
approved by FERC.Various including (i) Network
Integration Transmission
Services (NITS), (ii)
scheduling, system control
and dispatch services, and
(iii) access to the wholesale
grid.Over time utilizing
output methods to
measure progress
towards completion.Paid weekly by
PJM.
__________
(a)Certain contracts may contain limits on the total amount of revenue Exelon is able to collect over the entire term of the contract. In such cases,
Exelon estimates the total consideration expected to be received over the term of the contract net (a)
(b)
 (c)
 (d)
222
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
of the constraint and allocate the expected consideration to the performance obligations in the contract such that revenue is recognized ratably
over the term of the entire contract as the performance obligations are satisfied.
(b)The method recognizes revenue based on the various inputs used to satisfy the performance obligation, such as costs incurred and total labor
hours expended. The total amount of revenue that will be recognized is based on the agreed upon contractually-stated amount. The average
contract term for these projects is approximately 18 months.
(c)Electric and natural gas utility customers have the choice to purchase electricity or natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural
gas suppliers. While the Utility Registrants are required under state legislation to bill their customers for the supply and distribution of electricity
and/or natural gas, they recognize revenue related only to the distribution services when customers purchase their electricity or natural gas from
competitive suppliers.
(d)Passage of time is used for NITS and access to the wholesale grid and MWHs of energy transported over the wholesale grid is used for
scheduling, system control and dispatch services.
Generation incurs incremental costs in order to execute certain retail power and gas sales contracts. These costs, which primarily
relate to retail broker fees and sales commissions, are capitalized when incurred as contract acquisition costs and were not material
as of Decem ber 31, 2021 and 2020. The Utility Registrants do not incur any material costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with
customers.
Contract Balances (All Registrants)
Contract Assets
Exelon records contract assets for the revenue recognized on the construction and installation of energy efficiency assets and new
power gener ating facilitie s before Generation has an unconditional right to bill for and receive the consideration from the customer .
These contr act assets are subsequently reclassified to receivables when the right to payment becomes unconditional. Exelon
records contract assets and contract receivables in Other current assets and Customer accounts receivable, net, respectively , in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The following table provides a rollforward of the contract assets reflected in Exelon's Conso lidated Balance Sheets. The Utility
Registrants do not have any contract assets.
Exelon
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 174 
Amounts reclassified to receivables (86)
Revenues recognized 68 
Contract assets reclassified as held-for-sale (12)
Balance as of December 31, 2020 144 
Amounts reclassified to receivables (59)
Revenues recognized 52 
Amounts previously held-for-sale 12 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 149 
Contract Liabilities
The Registrants record contract liabilities when consideration is received or due prior to the satisfaction of the performance
obligations. The Registrants record contract liabilities in Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities in the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For Generation, these contract liabilities primarily relate to upfront consideration received or due for equipment service plans and the
Illinois ZEC program that introduces a cap on the total consideration to be received by Generati on. The Generation contract liability
related to the Illinois ZEC program includes certain amounts with ComEd that are elimin ated in consolidation in Exelon’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheets.
On July 1, 2020, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each entered into a collaborative arrangement with an unrelated owner and manager of
communication infrastru cture (the Buyer). Under this arrangement, Pepco, DPL, and ACE sold a 60% undivided interest in their
respective portfolios of transmission tower attac hment agreements with telecommunications companies to the Buyer , in addition to
transitioning manageme nt of the day-to-day operations of the jointly-owned agreements to the Buyer for 35 years, while retaining the
safe and reliable
223
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
operation of its utility assets. In return, Pepco, DPL, and ACE will provide the Buyer limited access on the portion of the towers
where the equipment resides for the purposes of managing the agreements for the benefit of Pepco, DPL, ACE, and the Buyer . In
addition, for an initial period of three years and two, two-year extensions that are subject to certain conditions, the Buyer has the
exclusive right to enter into new agreements with telecommunications companies and to receiv e a 30% undivided interest in those
new agreements. PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE received cash and recorded contract liabilities as of July 1, 2020 as shown in the table
below . The revenue attributable to this arrang ement will be recognized as operating revenue over the 35 years under the
collaborative arrangement.
The following table provides a rollforward of the contract liabilities reflected in Exelon's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE'S
Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, ComEd's, PECO's, and BGE's contract liabilities were not
material.
Exelon PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2018 $ 27 $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Consideration received or due 94 — — — — 
Revenues recognized (88) — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2019 33 — — — — 
Consideration received or due 219 122 98 12 12 
Revenues recognized (98) (4) (4) — — 
Contract liabilities reclassified as held-for-sale (3) — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 151 118 94 12 12 
Consideration received or due 97 — — — — 
Revenues recognized (110) (9) (7) (1) (1)
Amounts previously held-for-sale 3 — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 141 $ 109 $ 87 $ 11 $ 11 
The followin g table reflects revenues recognized in the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, which were included in
contract liabilities at December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively:
2021 2020 2019
Exelon $ 40 $ 27 $ 18 
PHI 9 — — 
Pepco 7 — — 
DPL 1 — — 
ACE 1 — — 
Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations (All Registrants)
The followin g table shows the amounts of future revenues expected to be recorded in each year for performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2021. This disclosure only includes contra cts for which the total consideration
is fixed and determinable at contract inception. The average contract term varies by customer type and commodity but ranges from
one month to several years.
This disclosure excludes Generation's power and gas sales contracts as they contain variable volumes and/or variable pricing. This
disclosure excludes the Utility Registrants' gas and electric tariff sales contracts and transmission revenue contracts as they
generally have an original expected duration of one year or less and, therefore, do not contain any future, unsatisfied performance
obligations to be included in this disclosure.
224
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
2022 2023 2024 20252026 and
thereafter Total
Exelon $ 194 $ 70 $ 38 $ 31 $ 155 $ 488 
PHI 8 8 6 5 82 109 
Pepco 6 6 5 5 65 87 
DPL 1 1 — — 9 11 
ACE 1 1 1 — 8 11 
Revenue Disaggregation (All Registrants)
The Registrants disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See Note 5 — Segment Information for the
presentation of the Registrant's revenue disaggregation.
5. Segment Information (All Registrants)
Operating segments for each of the Registrants are determined based on information used by the CODM in deciding how to
evaluate performance and allocate resources at each of the Registrants.
Exelon has eleven  reportable segments, which includes five reportable segments for Generation consisting of the Mid-Atlantic,
Midwest, New York, ERCOT , and all other power regions referred to     collectively as “Other Power Regions” and ComEd, PECO,
BGE, and PHI's three  report able segments consisting of Pepco, DPL, and ACE. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each
represent a single reportable segment, and as such, no separate segment information is provided for these Registrants. Exelon,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE's CODMs evaluate the performance of and allocate resources to ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL, and ACE based on net income.
The basis for the reportable segments of Generation is the integrated management of Generation's electricity business that is
located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize
multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale  and retail). Generation's hedging
strategies and risk metrics are also aligned to these same geographic regions. Descriptions of each of the five reportable segments
of Generation are as follows:
•Mid-Atlantic represents operations in the eastern half of PJM, which includes New Jersey , Maryland, Virginia, West
Virginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia, and parts of Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
•Midwest  represents operations in the western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO, excluding MISO’ s
Southern Region.
•New York represents operations within NYISO.
•ERCOT  represents operations within Electric Reliability Council of Texas that covers a majority of the state of Texas.
•Other Power Regions:
•New England  represents operations within ISO-NE.
•South  represents operations in the FRCC, MISO’ s Southern Region, and the remaining portions of the SERC not
included within MISO or PJM.
•West represents operations in the WECC, which includes CAISO.
•Canada represents operations across the entire country of Canada and includes AESO, OIESO, and the Canadian
portion of MISO.
The CODM evaluates the performance of Generation’ s electric business activities and allocates resources based on Revenues Net
of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense (RNF). Management believes that RNF is a useful
225
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
measurement of operational performance. RNF is not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not be comparable to other
companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this report. Generation’ s
operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants . Purchased power costs include all
costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity , energy , and ancillary services. Fuel expense
includes the fuel costs for Generation’ s owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements. The results of
Generation's other business activities are not regularly reviewed by the CODM and are therefore not classified as operating
segments or included in the regional reportable segment amounts. These activities include natural gas, as well as other
miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to Generation's overall operating revenues or results of operations. Further ,
Generation’ s unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on economic hedging activities and its amortization of certain intangible
assets and liabilities relating to commodity contracts recorded at fair value from mergers and acquisitions are also excluded from the
regional reportable segment amounts. The COD M does not use a measure of total assets in making decisions regarding allocating
resources to or assessing the performance of these reportable segments.
An analysis and reconciliation of the reportable segment information to the respective information in the Exelon consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 is as follows:
ComEd PECO BGE PHI Generation OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Operating revenues:
2021
Competitive businesses
electric revenues $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 16,290 $ — $ (1,171)$15,119 
Competitive businesses
natural gas revenues — — — — 3,379 — 3,379 
Competitive businesses
other revenues — — — — (20) — (11) (31)
Rate-regulated electric
revenues 6,406 2,659 2,505 4,860 — — (78) 16,352 
Rate-regulated natural
gas revenues — 539 836 168 — — (15) 1,528 
Shared service and
other revenues — — — 13 — 2,213 (2,226) — 
Total operating revenues$ 6,406 $ 3,198 $3,341 $ 5,041 $ 19,649 $ 2,213 $ (3,501)$36,347 
2020
Competitive businesses
electric revenues $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 15,060 $ — $ (1,196)$13,864 
Competitive businesses
natural gas revenues — — — — 2,003 — (3) 2,000 
Competitive businesses
other revenues — — — — 540 — (4) 536 
Rate-regulated electric
revenues 5,904 2,543 2,336 4,485 — — (61) 15,207 
Rate-regulated natural
gas revenues — 515 762 162 — — (7) 1,432 
Shared service and
other revenues — — — 16 — 2,035 (2,051) — 
Total operating revenues$ 5,904 $ 3,058 $3,098 $ 4,663 $ 17,603 $ 2,035 $ (3,322)$33,039 (a)
(b)
226
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
ComEd PECO BGE PHI Generation OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
2019
Competitive businesses
electric revenues $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 16,285 $ — $ (1,165)$15,120 
Competitive businesses
natural gas revenues — — — — 2,148 — (1) 2,147 
Competitive businesses
other revenues — — — — 491 — (4) 487 
Rate-regulated electric
revenues 5,747 2,490 2,379 4,626 — — (47) 15,195 
Rate-regulated natural
gas revenues — 610 727 167 — — (15) 1,489 
Shared service and
other revenues — — — 13 — 1,921 (1,934) — 
Total operating revenues$ 5,747 $ 3,100 $3,106 $ 4,806 $ 18,924 $ 1,921 $ (3,166)$34,438 
Intersegment revenues:
2021 $ 41 $ 21 $ 31 $ 13 $ 1,188 $ 2,203 $ (3,497)$ — 
2020 37 9 20 17 1,211 2,024 (3,314) 4 
2019 30 6 26 14 1,172 1,913 (3,159) 2 
Depreciation and
amortization:
2021 $ 1,205 $ 348 $ 591 $ 821 $ 3,003 $ 67 $ 1 $ 6,036 
2020 1,133 347 550 782 2,123 79 — 5,014 
2019 1,033 333 502 754 1,535 95 — 4,252 
Operating expenses:
2021 $ 5,151 $ 2,547 $2,860 $ 4,240 $ 20,196 $ 2,242 $ (3,411)$33,825 
2020 4,950 2,512 2,598 4,045 17,358 2,047 (3,270) 30,240 
2019 4,580 2,388 2,574 4,084 17,628 1,996 (3,154) 30,096 
Interest expense, net:
2021 $ 389 $ 161 $ 138 $ 267 $ 297 $ 320 $ (1)$ 1,571 
2020 382 147 133 268 357 351 (3) 1,635 
2019 359 136 121 263 429 308 — 1,616 
Income (loss) before
income taxes:
2021 $ 914 $ 516 $ 373 $ 603 $ 152 $ (351)$ 1 $ 2,208 
2020 615 417 390 418 836 (343) — 2,333 
2019 851 593 439 514 1,917 (327) (2) 3,985 
Income taxes:
2021 $ 172 $ 12 $ (35)$ 42 $ 225 $ (46)$ — $ 370 
2020 177 (30) 41 (77) 249 13 — 373 
2019 163 65 79 38 516 (87) — 774 
Net income (loss):
2021 $ 742 $ 504 $ 408 $ 561 $ (83)$ (304)$ 1 $ 1,829 
2020 438 447 349 495 579 (354) — 1,954 (a)
(c)
227
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
ComEd PECO BGE PHI Generation OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
2019 688 528 360 477 1,217 (240) (2) 3,028 
Capital expenditures:
2021 $ 2,387 $ 1,240 $1,226 $ 1,720 $ 1,329 $ 79 $ — $ 7,981 
2020 2,217 1,147 1,247 1,604 1,747 86 — 8,048 
2019 1,915 939 1,145 1,355 1,845 49 — 7,248 
Total assets:
2021 $36,470 $13,824 $12,324 $ 24,744 $ 48,086 $7,727 $ (10,162)$133,013 
2020 34,466 12,531 11,650 23,736 48,094 9,005 (10,165) 129,317 
__________
(a)Other primarily includes Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investment activities.
(b)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(c)Intersegment revenues exclude sales to unconsolidated affiliates. The intersegment profit associated with Generation’s sale of certain products
and services by and between Exelon’s segments is not eliminated in consolidation due to the recognition of intersegment profit in accordance
with regulatory accounting guidance. For Exelon, these amounts are included in Operating revenues in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 25 - Related Party Transactions for additional information on intersegment revenues.(a)
228
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
PHI:
Pepco DPL ACE OtherIntersegment
Eliminations PHI
Operating revenues:
2021
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,274 $ 1,212 $ 1,388 $ — $ (14)$ 4,860 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 168 — — — 168 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 379 (366) 13 
Total operating revenues $ 2,274 $ 1,380 $ 1,388 $ 379 $ (380)$ 5,041 
2020
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,149 $ 1,109 $ 1,245 $ — $ (18)$ 4,485 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 162 — — — 162 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 372 (356) 16 
Total operating revenues $ 2,149 $ 1,271 $ 1,245 $ 372 $ (374)$ 4,663 
2019
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,260 $ 1,139 $ 1,240 $ — $ (13)$ 4,626 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 167 — — — 167 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 396 (383) 13 
Total operating revenues $ 2,260 $ 1,306 $ 1,240 $ 396 $ (396)$ 4,806 
Intersegment revenues:
2021 $ 5 $ 7 $ 2 $ 380 $ (381)$ 13 
2020 7 9 4 372 (375) 17 
2019 5 7 3 396 (397) 14 
Depreciation and amortization:
2021 $ 403 $ 210 $ 179 $ 29 $ — $ 821 
2020 377 191 180 34 — 782 
2019 374 184 157 39 — 754 
Operating expenses:
2021 $ 1,871 $ 1,161 $ 1,201 $ 388 $ (381)$ 4,240 
2020 1,799 1,120 1,123 378 (375) 4,045 
2019 1,899 1,089 1,089 403 (396) 4,084 
Interest expense, net:
2021 $ 140 $ 61 $ 58 $ 8 $ — $ 267 
2020 138 61 59 10 — 268 
2019 133 61 58 10 1 263 
Income (loss) before income taxes:
2021 $ 311 $ 170 $ 133 $ (11)$ — $ 603 
2020 259 100 71 (12) — 418 
2019 259 169 99 (13) — 514 
Income taxes:
2021 $ 15 $ 42 $ (13)$ (2)$ — $ 42 
2020 (7) (25) (41) (4) — (77)
2019 16 22 — — — 38 (a)
(b)
(c)
229
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Pepco DPL ACE OtherIntersegment
Eliminations PHI
Net income (loss):
2021 $ 296 $ 128 $ 146 $ (9)$ — $ 561 
2020 266 125 112 (8) — 495 
2019 243 147 99 (12) — 477 
Capital expenditures:
2021 $ 843 $ 429 $ 445 $ 3 $ — $ 1,720 
2020 773 424 401 6 — 1,604 
2019 626 348 375 6 — 1,355 
Total assets:
2021 $ 9,903 $ 5,412 $ 4,556 $ 4,933 $ (60)$24,744 
2020 9,264 5,140 4,286 5,079 (33) 23,736 
__________
(a)Other primarily includes PHI’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investment activities.
(b)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(c)Includes intersegment revenues with ComEd, BGE, and PECO, which are eliminated at Exelon.
The following tables disaggregate the revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature,
amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. For Generation, the disaggregation of
revenues reflects Generation's two primary products of power sales and natural gas sales, with further disaggregation of power sales
provided by geographic region. For the Utility Registrants, the disaggregation of revenues reflec ts the two primary utility services of
rate-regulated electric sales and rate-regulated natural gas sales (where applicable), with further disaggregation of these tariff sales
provided by major customer groups. Exelon's disaggregated revenues are consistent with Generation and the Utility Registrants, but
exclude any intercompany revenues.
Competitive Business Revenues (Generation):
 2021
Revenues from external customers
 Contracts with
customers Other TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 4,381  $ 183 $ 4,564  $ 20 $ 4,584  
Midwest 4,265  (205) 4,060  — 4,060  
New York 1,633  (57) 1,576  (1) 1,575  
ERCOT 896 276 1,172  9 1,181  
Other Power Regions 3,937  981 4,918  (28) 4,890  
Total Competitive Businesses Electric Revenues $ 15,112  $ 1,178  $ 16,290  $ — $ 16,290  
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas Revenues 1,777  1,602  3,379  — 3,379  
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues 365 (385) (20) — (20)
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 17,254  $ 2,395  $ 19,649  $ — $ 19,649  (a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
230
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
 2020
Revenues from external customers
 Contracts with
customers Other TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 4,785  $ (168)$ 4,617  $ 28 $ 4,645  
Midwest 3,717  312 4,029  (5) 4,024  
New York 1,444  (12) 1,432  (1) 1,431  
ERCOT 735 198 933 25 958 
Other Power Regions 3,586  463 4,049  (47) 4,002  
Total Competitive Businesses Electric Revenues $ 14,267  $ 793 $ 15,060  $ — $ 15,060  
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas Revenues 1,283  720 2,003  — 2,003  
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues 355 185 540 — 540 
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 15,905  $ 1,698  $ 17,603  $ — $ 17,603  
 2019
Revenues from external customers
 Contracts with
customers Other TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,053  $ 17 $ 5,070  $ 4 $ 5,074  
Midwest 4,095  232 4,327  (34) 4,293  
New York 1,571  25 1,596  — 1,596  
ERCOT 768 229 997 16 1,013  
Other Power Regions 3,687  608 4,295  (49) 4,246  
Total Competitive Businesses Electric Revenues $ 15,174  $ 1,111  $ 16,285  $ (63)$ 16,222  
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas Revenues 1,446  702 2,148  62 2,210  
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues 440 51 491 1 492 
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 17,060  $ 1,864  $ 18,924  $ — $ 18,924  
__________
(a)Includes all wholesale and retail electric sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Includes revenues from derivatives and leases.
(c)Represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Includes unrealized mark-to-market losses
of $633 million, gains of $110 million and losses of $4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and the
elimination of intersegment revenues.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
231
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense (Generation):
 2021 2020 2019
 RNF from
external
customersIntersegment
RNFTotal
RNFRNF from
external
customersIntersegment
RNFTotal
RNFRNF from
external
customersIntersegment
RNFTotal
RNF
Mid-Atlantic $ 2,247 $ 17 $2,264 $ 2,174 $ 30 $2,204 $ 2,637 $ 18 $2,655 
Midwest 2,717 — 2,717 2,902 — 2,902 2,994 (32) 2,962 
New York 1,151 10 1,161 983 14 997 1,081 13 1,094 
ERCOT (668) (157) (825) 407 19 426 338 (30) 308 
Other Power
Regions 984 (93) 891 759 (94) 665 694 (74) 620 
Total RNF for
Reportable
Segments $ 6,431 $ (223)$6,208 $ 7,225 $ (31)$7,194 $ 7,744 $ (105)$7,639 
Other 1,055 223 1,278 793 31 824 324 105 429 
Total Generation
RNF $ 7,486 $ — $7,486 $ 8,018 $ — $8,018 $ 8,068 $ — $8,068 
__________ 
(a)Includes purchases and sales from/to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Primarily includes:
• unrealized mark-to-market gains of $565 million and $295 million and losses of $215 million for the years ended December 31, 2021,
2020, and 2019, respectively;
• accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the announced early plant retirements as discussed in Note 7 - Early Plant
Retirements of $148 million, $60 million, and $13 million in for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively;
and
• the elimination of intersegment RNF.(a) (a) (a)
(b)
232
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Electric and Gas Revenue by Customer Class (Utility Registrants):
2021
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues
Residential $ 3,233 $ 1,704 $ 1,375 $ 2,441 $ 1,003 $ 694 $ 744 
Small commercial & industrial 1,571 422 267 521 135 193 193 
Large commercial & industrial 559 243 459 1,123 844 94 185 
Public authorities & electric railroads 45 31 27 58 31 14 13 
Other 926 229 371 634 205 201 229 
Total rate-regulated electric revenues $ 6,334 $ 2,629 $ 2,499 $ 4,777 $ 2,218 $ 1,196 $ 1,364 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 372 $ 518 $ 97 $ — $ 97 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 136 83 42 — 42 — 
Large commercial & industrial — — 147 7 — 7 — 
Transportation — 24 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 7 68 8 — 8 — 
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues $ — $ 539 $ 816 $ 168 $ — $ 168 $ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers $ 6,334 $ 3,168 $ 3,315 $ 4,945 $ 2,218 $ 1,364 $ 1,364 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ 42 $ 26 $ 12 $ 91 $ 53 $ 14 $ 24 
Other rate-regulated electric revenues 30 4 11 5 3 2 — 
Other rate-regulated natural gas revenues — — 3 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ 72 $ 30 $ 26 $ 96 $ 56 $ 16 $ 24 
Total rate-regulated revenues for reportable
segments $ 6,406 $ 3,198 $ 3,341 $ 5,041 $ 2,274 $ 1,380 $ 1,388 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
233
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2020
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues
Residential $ 3,090 $ 1,656 $ 1,345 $ 2,332 $ 988 $ 652 $ 692 
Small commercial & industrial 1,399 386 241 472 132 171 169 
Large commercial & industrial 515 228 406 1,001 736 89 176 
Public authorities & electric railroads 45 29 27 60 34 13 13 
Other 884 225 309 613 218 190 207 
Total rate-regulated electric revenues $ 5,933 $ 2,524 $ 2,328 $ 4,478 $ 2,108 $ 1,115 $ 1,257 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 361 $ 504 $ 96 $ — $ 96 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 126 79 42 — 42 — 
Large commercial & industrial — — 135 4 — 4 — 
Transportation — 24 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 4 29 6 — 6 — 
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues $ — $ 515 $ 747 $ 162 $ — $ 162 $ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers $ 5,933 $ 3,039 $ 3,075 $ 4,640 $ 2,108 $ 1,277 $ 1,257 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ (47)$ 16 $ 16 $ 21 $ 40 $ (7)$ (12)
Other rate-regulated electric revenues 18 3 5 2 1 1 — 
Other rate-regulated natural gas revenues — — 2 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ (29)$ 19 $ 23 $ 23 $ 41 $ (6)$ (12)
Total rate-regulated revenues for reportable
segments $ 5,904 $ 3,058 $ 3,098 $ 4,663 $ 2,149 $ 1,271 $ 1,245 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
234
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2019
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues
Residential $ 2,916 $ 1,596 $ 1,326 $ 2,316 $ 1,012 $ 645 $ 659 
Small commercial & industrial 1,463 404 254 505 149 186 170 
Large commercial & industrial 540 219 436 1,112 833 99 180 
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 29 27 61 34 14 13 
Other 888 249 321 650 227 204 218 
Total rate-regulated electric revenues $ 5,854 $ 2,497 $ 2,364 $ 4,644 $ 2,255 $ 1,148 $ 1,240 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 409 $ 474 $ 96 $ — $ 96 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 169 77 44 — 45 — 
Large commercial & industrial — 1 132 5 — 5 — 
Transportation — 25 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 6 31 7 — 7 — 
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues $ — $ 610 $ 714 $ 166 $ — $ 167 $ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues from contracts
with customers $ 5,854 $ 3,107 $ 3,078 $ 4,810 $ 2,255 $ 1,315 $ 1,240 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ (133)$ (21)$ 12 $ (14)$ (3)$ (11)$ — 
Other rate-regulated electric revenues 26 13 12 10 8 2 — 
Other rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 1 4 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ (107)$ (7)$ 28 $ (4)$ 5 $ (9)$ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues for reportable
segments $ 5,747 $ 3,100 $ 3,106 $ 4,806 $ 2,260 $ 1,306 $ 1,240 
__________
(a)Includes revenues from transmission revenue from PJM, wholesale electric revenue and mutual assistance revenue.
(b)Includes operating revenues from affiliates in 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively of:
• $41 million, $37 million, and $30 million at ComEd
• $20 million, $8 million, and $5 million at PECO
• $13 million, $10 million, and $8 million at BGE
• $13 million, $17 million, and $14 million at PHI
• $5 million, $7 million, and $5 million at Pepco
• $7 million, $9 million, and $7 million at DPL
• $2 million, $4 million, and $3 million at ACE
(c)Includes revenues from off-system natural gas sales.
(d)Includes operating revenues from affiliates in 2021, 2020, and 2019 respectively of:
• $1 million, $1 million, and $1 million at PECO
• $18 million, $10 million, and $18 million at BGE
(e)Includes late payment charge revenues.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
235
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
6. Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
Allowance for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
The following tables present the rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses on Customer Accounts Receivable.
Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 366 $ 97 $ 116 $ 35 $ 86 $ 32 $ 22 $ 32 
Plus: Current period provision for
expected credit losses 126 21 23 15 37 13 6 18 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 117 45 34 12 19 8 10 1 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 375 $ 73 $ 105 $ 38 $ 104 $ 37 $ 18 $ 49 
Year Ended December 31, 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 243 $ 59 $ 55 $ 12 $ 37 $ 13 $ 11 $ 13 
Plus: Current period provision for
expected credit losses 248 62 79 30 64 24 15 25 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 69 24 18 7 15 5 4 6 
Less: Sale of customer accounts
receivable 56 — — — — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 366 $ 97 $ 116 $ 35 $ 86 $ 32 $ 22 $ 32 
_________
(a)For Exelon, the increase primarily relates to the impacts of the February 2021 extreme cold weather event. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for
additional information. For the Utility Registrants, the increase is primarily a result of increased aging of receivables.
(b)For ComEd, PECO and DPL, the increase in 2021 is primarily related to the termination of the moratorium which, beginning in March 2020,
prevented customer disconnections for non-payment. With disconnection activities restarting in 2021, write-offs of aging accounts receivable
increased throughout the year.
(c)Recoveries were not material to the Registrants.
(d)The increase is primarily as a result of increased aging of receivables, the temporary suspension of customer disconnections for non-payment,
temporary cessation of new late payment fees, and reconnection of service to customers previously disconnected due to COVID-19.
(e)See below for additional information on the sale of customer accounts receivable in the second quarter of 2020.(a)
(b)(c)
(d)
(c)
(e)
236
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
The following tables present the rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses on Other Accounts Receivable.
Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 71 $ 21 $ 8 $ 9 $ 33 $ 13 $ 9 $ 11 
Plus: Current period provision for
expected credit losses 15 (2) 3 4 6 3 (1) 4 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 10 2 4 4 — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 76 $ 17 $ 7 $ 9 $ 39 $ 16 $ 8 $ 15 
Year Ended December 31, 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 48 $ 20 $ 7 $ 5 $ 16 $ 7 $ 4 $ 5 
Plus: Current period provision for
expected credit losses 33 5 3 7 18 6 5 7 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 10 4 2 3 1 — — 1 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 71 $ 21 $ 8 $ 9 $ 33 $ 13 $ 9 $ 11 
_________
(a)Recoveries were not material to the Registrants.(a)
(a)
237
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
Unbilled Customer Revenue (All Registrants)
The followin g table provides additional informa tion about unbilled customer revenues recorde d in the Registrants' Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
Unbilled customer revenues
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021 $1,120  $ 240 $ 161 $ 171 $ 175 $ 82 $ 53 $ 40 
December 31, 2020 998 218 147 197 178 87 62 29 
_________
(a)Unbilled customer revenues are classified in Customer accounts receivables, net in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Sales of Customer Accounts Receivable (Exelon)
On April 8, 2020, NER, a bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity , which is wholly-owned by Generation, entered into a revolving
accounts receivable financing arrangement with a number of financial institutions and a commercial paper conduit (the Purchasers)
to sell certain customer accounts receivable (the Facility). The Facility had a maximum funding limit of $750 million and was
scheduled to expire on April 7, 2021, unless renewed by the mutual consent of the parties in accordance with its terms. The Facility
was renewed on March 29, 2021. The Facility term was extended through March 29, 2024, unless further renewed by the mutual
consent of the parties, and the maximum funding limit was increased to $900 million. Under the Facility , NER may sell eligible short-
term customer accounts receivable to the Purch asers in exchange for cash and subordinated interest. The transfers are reported as
sales of receivables in Exelon’ s consolidated financial statements. The subordinated interest in collections upon the receivables sold
to the Purchasers is referred to as the DPP , which is reflected in Other current assets in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Facility requires the balance of eligible recei vables to be maintained at or above the balance of cash proceeds received from the
Purchasers. To the extent the eligible receivables decrease below such balance, Generation  is required to repay cash to the
Purchasers. When eligible receivables exceed cash proceeds, Generation has the ability to increase the cash received up to the
maximum funding limit. These cash inflows and outflows impact the DPP .
On April 8, 2020, Exelon derecognized and transferred approximately $1.2 billion of receivables at fair value to the Purchasers in
exchange for approximately $ 500 million in cash purchase price and $ 650 million of DPP .
During the first quarter of 2021, Exelon receive d additional cash of $250 million from the Purchasers for the remaining available
funding in the Facility .
Additionally , during the first quarter of 2021, Exelon received cash of approximately $150 million from the Purcha sers in connection
with the increased funding limit at the time of the Facility renewal.
During the second quart er of 2021, Exelon returned cash of $50 million to the Purchasers due to the eligible receivables decreasing
temporarily . Subsequent ly, in the second quarter , Exelon received cash of $50 million from the Purchasers as a result of an increase
in the eligible  receivable  balance. The $50 million cash outflow and inflow is included in the Collection of DPP line in Cash flows from
investing activities in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.(a)
238
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
The following table summarizes the impact of the sale of certain receivables:
As of December 31,
2021 2020
Derecognized receivables transferred at fair value $ 1,265  $ 1,139  
Cash proceeds received 900 500 
DPP 365 639 
For the Year Ended December 31,
2021 2020
Loss on sale of receivables $ 36 $ 30 
_________
(a)Reflected in Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
For the Year Ended December 31,
2021 2020
Proceeds from new transfers $ 6,095  $ 2,816  
Cash collections received on DPP  and reinvested in the
Facility 3,502  3,771  
Cash collections reinvested in the Facility 9,597  6,587  
_________
(a)Customer accounts receivable sold into the Facility were $9,747 million and $6,608 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2020, respectively.
(b)Does not include the $400 million in cash proceeds received from the Purchasers in the first quarter of 2021.
The risk of loss followin g the transfer of accounts receivable is limited to the DPP outstanding . Payment of DPP is not subject to
significant risks other than delinquencies and credit losses on accounts receivable transferred, which have historically been and are
expected to be immaterial. Generation continues to service the receivables sold in exchange for a servicing fee. Exelon did not
record a servicing asset or liability as the servicing fees were immaterial.
Exelon recognizes the cash proceeds received upon sale in Net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows. The collection and reinvestment of DPP is recognized in Net cash provided by investing activities in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
See Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities for additional information.(a)
(a)
(b)
239
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
Other Purchases and Sales of Customer and Other Accounts Receivables (All Registrants)
The Utility Registrants are required, under separate legislation and regulations in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, District of
Columbia, and New Jersey , to purchase certain receivables from alternative retail electric and, as applicable, natural gas suppliers
that participate in the utilities' consolidated billing. Generation is required, under supplier tariffs in ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO, and PJM,
to sell customer and other receivables to utility companies, which include the Utility Registrants . The other purchases and sales of
customer and other accounts receivable activity related to Generation is eliminated upon consolidation in Exelon's Consolidated
Financial Statements. The following tables present the total receivables purchased and sold.
Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Total receivables purchased $3,817  $1,031  $1,041  $ 687 $1,081  $ 660 $ 217 $ 204 
Total receivables sold 124 — — — — — — — 
Related party transactions:
Receivables purchased from
Generation — 1 1 21 — — — — 
Year Ended December 31, 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Total receivables purchased $3,529  $1,094  $1,020  $ 652 $1,015  $ 622 $ 207 $ 186 
Total receivables sold 572 — — — — — — — 
Related party transactions:
Receivables purchased from
Generation — 34 67 79 72 51 13 8 
7. Early Plant Retirements (Exelon)
Nuclear Generation
On August 27, 2020, Generation announced that it intended to permanently cease generation  operations at Byron in September
2021 and at Dresden in November 2021. Neither of these nuclear plants cleared in PJM’ s capacity auction for the 2022-2023
planning year held in May 2021. Generation’ s Braidwood and LaSalle nuclear plants in Illinois did clear in the capacity auction, but
were also showing increased signs of economic distress.
On Septemb er 15, 2021, the Illinois Public Act 102-0662 was signed into law by the Governor of Illinois (“Clean Energy Law”). The
Clean Energy Law is designed to achieve 100% carbon-free power by 2045 to enable the state’ s transition to a clean energy
economy . Among other things, the Clean Energy Law authorized the IPA to procure up to 54.5 million CMCs from qualifying nuclear
plants for a five-year period beginning on June 1, 2022 through May 31, 2027. CMCs are credits for the carbon-free attributes of
eligible nucle ar power plants in PJM. The Byron , Dresden, and Braidwood nuclear plants located in Illinois participated in the CMC
procurement process and were awarded contr acts that commit each plant to operate throu gh May 31, 2027. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters for additional information. Following enactment of the legislation, Generation announced on September 15, 2021,
that it has reversed the previous decision to retire Byron and Dresden given the opportunity for additional revenue under the Clean
Energy Law. In addition, Generation no longer  considers the Braidwood or LaSalle nuclear plants to be at risk for premature
retirement.
As a result of the decis ion to early retire Byron and Dresden, Exelon recognized certain one-time charges in the third and fourth
quarters of 2020 related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs including severance
benefit costs, and construction work-in-progress impairments, among other items. In addition, there were ongoing annual financial
impacts stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives of these nuclear plants primarily related to accelerated
depreciation of plant assets (including any
240
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements
ARC), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and changes in ARO accretion expense associated with the changes in
decommissioning timing and cost assumptions to reflect an earlier retirement date.
In the third quarter of 2021, Exelon reversed $81 million of severance benefit costs and $13 million of other one-time charges initially
recorded in Operating and maintenance expense in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 associated with the early retirements. In
addition, the expected economic useful life for both facilities was updated to 2044 and 2046 for Byron Units 1 and 2, respectively ,
and to 2029 and 2031 for Dresden Units 2 and 3, respectively , the end of the respective NRC operating license for each unit.
Depreciation was therefore adjusted beginning September 15, 2021, to reflect these extended useful life estimates. See Note 10 —
Asset Retire ment Obligations for additional detail on changes to the nuclear decommissioning ARO balances resulting from the initial
decision and subsequent reversal of the decision to early retire Byron and Dresden.
In Pennsylvania, the TMI nuclear plant did not clear in the May 2017 PJM capacity auction for the 2020-2021 planning year, the third
consecutive year that TMI failed to clear the PJM base residual capacity auction and on May 30, 2017, based on these capacity
auction results, prolonged periods of low wholesale power prices, and the absence of federal or state policies, Generation
announced that it would permanently cease generation operations at TMI. On September 20, 2019, TMI permanently ceased
generation operations.
The total impact for the years ended December  31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income resulting from the initial decision and subsequent reversal of the decisio n to early retire Byron and Dresden,
and decision to early retire TMI is summarized in the table below .
Income statement expense (pre-tax) 2021 2020 2019
Depreciation and amortization
     Accelerated depreciation $ 1,805  $ 895 $ 216 
     Accelerated nuclear fuel amortization 148 60 13 
Operating and maintenance
     One-time charges (94) 255 — 
     Other charges 9 34 (53)
     Contractual of fset (451) (364) — 
Total $ 1,417  $ 880 $ 176 
_________
(a)Reflects expense for Byron and Dresden.
(b)Reflects expense for TMI.
(c)Includes the accelerated depreciation of plant assets including any ARC.
(d)For 2020 and 2019, reflects the net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the ARO. See Note 10 – Asset Retirement Obligations for
additional information.
(e)Reflects contractual offset for ARO accretion, ARC depreciation, ARO remeasurement, and excludes any changes in earnings in the NDT funds.
Decommissioning-related impacts were not offset for the Byron units starting in the second quarter of 2021 due to the inability to recognize a
regulatory asset at ComEd. With the September 15, 2021 reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron, Generation resumed contractual
offset for Byron as of that date. Based on the regulatory agreement with the ICC, decommissioning-related activities are offset in Exelon's
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income as long as the net cumulative decommissioning-related activities result in a
regulatory liability at ComEd. The offset resulted in an equal adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at ComEd. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement
Obligations for additional information.
Other Generation
In March 2018, Generat ion notified ISO-NE of its plans to early retire, among other assets, the Mystic Generating Station's units 8
and 9 (Mysti c 8 and 9) absent regulatory reforms  to properly value reliability and regional fuel security . Thereafter , ISO-NE identified
Mystic 8 and 9 as being needed to ensure fuel security for the region and entered into a cost of service agreement with these two
units for the period between June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2024. The agreement was approved by the FERC in December 2018.
On June 10, 2020, Gene ration filed a complaint with FERC against ISO-NE stating that ISO-NE  failed to follow its tariff with respect
to its evaluation of Mystic 8 and 9 for transm ission security for the 2024 to 2025 Capacity Commitment Period and that the
modifications that ISO-NE made to its unfiled planning procedures to avoid(a) (a) (b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
241
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements
retaining Mystic 8 and 9 should have been filed with FERC for approval. On August 17, 2020, FERC issued an order denying the
complaint. As a result, on August 20, 2020, Generation announced it will permanently cease generation operations at Mystic 8 and 9
at the expiration of the cost of service commitment in May 2024.
As a result of the decision to early retire Mystic 8 and 9, Exelon recognized $22 million of one-time charges for the year ended
December 31, 2020, related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, among  other items. In addition, there are
annual financial impacts stemming from short ening the expected economic useful life of Mystic 8 and 9 primarily related to
accelerated depreciation of plant assets. Exelon recorded incremental Depreciation and amortization expense of $41 million and $26
million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . See Note 12 — Asset Impairments for impairment
assessment considerations of the New England Asset Group.
242
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
8. Property , Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
The following tables present a summary of property , plant, and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
Asset Category Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021
Electric—transmission and distribution$ 64,771 $31,077 $10,076 $ 9,352 $16,062 $10,798 $4,957 $4,882 
Electric—generation 29,912 — — — — — — — 
Gas—transportation and distribution 7,429 — 3,339 3,712 646 — 806 — 
Common—electric and gas 2,335 — 1,005 1,224 201 — 180 — 
Nuclear fuel 5,166 — — — — — — — 
Construction work in progress 4,097 918 620 554 1,590 1,118 229 242 
Other property, plant, and equipment 827 99 41 34 107 63 23 25 
Total property, plant, and
equipment 114,537 32,094 15,081 14,876 18,606 11,979 6,195 5,149 
Less: accumulated depreciation 30,318 6,099 3,964 4,299 2,108 3,875 1,635 1,420 
Property, plant, and equipment, net $ 84,219 $25,995 $11,117 $10,577 $16,498 $ 8,104 $4,560 $3,729 
December 31, 2020
Electric—transmission and distribution$ 60,946 $29,371 $ 9,462 $ 8,797 $15,137 $10,264 $4,730 $4,568 
Electric—generation 29,725 — — — — — — — 
Gas—transportation and distribution 6,733 — 3,098 3,315 591 — 751 — 
Common—electric and gas 2,170 — 956 1,138 178 — 180 — 
Nuclear fuel 5,399 — — — — — — — 
Construction work in progress 3,576 799 474 627 1,174 824 163 182 
Other property, plant and equipment 762 59 34 29 108 65 23 28 
Total property, plant and equipment 109,311 30,229 14,024 13,906 17,188 11,153 5,847 4,778 
Less: accumulated depreciation 26,727 5,672 3,843 4,034 1,811 3,697 1,533 1,303 
Property, plant, and equipment, net $ 82,584 $24,557 $10,181 $ 9,872 $15,377 $ 7,456 $4,314 $3,475 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2021, includes $19,612 million of Property, plant, and equipment, net related to Generation.
(b)Includes nuclear fuel that is in the fabrication and installation phase of $859 million and $939 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively.
(c)Primarily composed of land and non-utility property.
(d)At Exelon, includes accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel in the reactor core of $2,765 million and $2,774 million as of December 31, 2021
and 2020, respectively.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(b)
(c)
(d)
243
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
The following table presents the average service life for each asset category in number of years:
Average Service Life (years)
Asset Category Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric - transmission and distribution 5-80 5-80 5-70 5-80 5-75 5-75 5-70 5-65
Electric - generation 1-52 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas - transportation and distribution 5-80 N/A 5-70 5-80 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Common - electric and gas 4-75 N/A 5-55 4-50 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Nuclear fuel 1-8 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Other property, plant, and equipment 1-61 32-50 50 20-50 3-50 33-50 8-50 13-15
Depreciation provisions are based on the estim ated useful lives of the stations, which corresponds with the term of the NRC
operating licenses for the nuclear units. Beginning August 2020, Byron, Dresden, and Mystic depreciation provisions were based on
their announced shutdown dates of September 2021, November 2021, and May 2024, respectively . On September 15, 2021,
Generation updated the expected useful lives for Byron and Dresden to reflect the end of the available NRC operating license for
each unit. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding license renewal and Note 7 — Early Plant
Retirements for additional information on the impacts related to Byron, Dresden, and Mystic.
The following table presents the annual depreciation rates for each asset category . Nuclear fuel amortization is charged to fuel
expense using the unit-of-production method and not included in the below table.
Annual Depreciation Rates
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.81 % 2.94 % 2.28 % 2.80 % 2.87 % 2.56 % 2.86 % 3.21 %
Electric—generation 8.67 % N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.13 % N/A 1.84 % 2.54 % 1.47 % N/A 1.47 % N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.31 % N/A 6.34 % 7.88 % 8.33 % N/A 8.69 % N/A
December 31, 2020
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.79 % 2.95 % 2.31 % 2.69 % 2.81 % 2.53 % 2.85 % 3.08 %
Electric—generation 6.11 % N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.14 % N/A 1.85 % 2.56 % 1.50 % N/A 1.50 % N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.01 % N/A 6.39 % 7.45 % 7.36 % N/A 6.72 % N/A
December 31, 2019
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.80 % 2.99 % 2.36 % 2.60 % 2.77 % 2.47 % 2.86 % 2.94 %
Electric—generation 4.35 % N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.04 % N/A 1.89 % 2.30 % 1.55 % N/A 1.55 % N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.37 % N/A 6.06 % 8.30 % 8.25 % N/A 6.24 % N/A
244
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC
The following table summarizes capitalized interest and credits to AFUDC by year:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021
Capitalized interest $ 16 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
AFUDC debt and equity 189 47 34 36 72 59 8 5 
December 31, 2020
Capitalized interest $ 22 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
AFUDC debt and equity 150 42 23 30 55 42 6 7 
December 31, 2019
Capitalized interest $ 24 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
AFUDC debt and equity 132 32 17 29 54 39 6 9 
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding property , plant and equipment policies. See Note
17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information regarding Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE’ s
property , plant and equipment subject to mortgage liens.
9. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant (Exelon, PECO, DPL, and ACE)
Exelon's, PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's material undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and transmission
facilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
Nuclear Generation Transmission
Quad CitiesPeach
Bottom SalemNine Mile Point Unit
2 NJ/DE
Operator Generation GenerationPSEG
Nuclear Generation PSEG/DPL
Ownership interest 75.00  % 50.00  % 42.59  % 82.00  % various
Exelon’s share as of December 31, 2021:
Plant in service $ 1,211  $ 1,515  $ 756 $ 1,002  $ 103 
Accumulated depreciation 715 628 299 222 55 
Construction work in progress 11 12 20 41 — 
Exelon’s share as of December 31, 2020:
Plant in service $ 1,188  $ 1,506  $ 717 $ 990 $ 103 
Accumulated depreciation 670 601 265 187 54 
Construction work in progress 13 13 39 25 — 
__________
(a)PECO, DPL, and ACE own a 42.55%, 1%, and 13.9% share, respectively in 151.3 miles of 500kV lines located in New Jersey and of the Salem
generating plant substation. PECO, DPL, and ACE also own a 42.55%, 7.45%, and 7.45% share, respectively, in 2.5 miles of 500kV line located
over the Delaware River. ACE also has a 21.78% share in a 500kV New Freedom Switching substation.
Exelon’ s, PECO's, DPL' s, and ACE's undivided ownership interests are financed with their funds and all operations are accounted
for as if such participatin g interests were wholly  owned facilities. Exelon’ s, PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's share of direct expenses of
the jointly owned plant s are included in Purchased power and fuel and Operating and maintenance expenses in Exelon’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and in Operating and maintenance expenses in PECO's, PHI's,
DPL's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
245
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
10. Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon)
Generation has a legal obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants following permanent cessation of operations. To estimate
its decommi ssioning obligations related to its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes, Generation
uses a probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple outcome scenarios that
include significant estimates and assumptions, and are based on decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates, probabilistic
cash flow models, and discount rates. Generation updates its AROs annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates,
based on its review of updated cost studies and its annual evaluation of cost escalation factors and probabilities assigned to various
scenarios. Generation began decommissioning the TMI nuclear plant upon permanently ceasing operations in 2019. See below
section for decommissioning of Zion Station.
The financial statement impact for changes in the ARO, on an individual unit basis, due to the changes in and timing of estimated
cash flows generally result in a corresponding change in the unit’s ARC in Property , plant, and equipment in Exelon’ s Consolidated
Balance Sheets. If the ARO decreases for a Non-Regulatory Agreement unit without any remaining ARC, the corresponding change
is recorded as a decrease in Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
The following table provides a rollforward of the nuclear decommissioning AROs reflected in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets
from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2021:
Nuclear decommissioning AROs as of December 31, 2019 $ 10,504  
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows 1,022  
Accretion expense 489 
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (93)
Nuclear decommissioning AROs as of December 31, 2020 11,922  
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows 324 
Accretion expense 503 
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (73)
Nuclear decommissioning AROs as of December 31, 2021 $ 12,676  
__________
(a)Includes $72 million and $80 million as the current portion of the ARO as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in
Other current liabilities in Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The net $324 million increase in the ARO during 2021 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decommissioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year . These adjustments primarily include:
•An increase of approxim ately $550 million for updated cost escalation rates, primarily for labor and energy , and a decrease
in discount rates.
•An increase of approximately $ 90 million due to revisions to assumed retirement dates for several nuclear plants.
•A net decrease of approximately $170 million was driven by updates to Byron and Dresden reflecting changes in assumed
retirement dates and assumed methods of decommissioning as a result of the reversal of the decision to early retire the
plants. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information.
•A net decrease of approximately $150 million due to lower estimated decommissioning costs resulting from the completion
of updated cost studies for seven nuclear plants .
The 2021 ARO update s resulted in a decrease of $51 millio n in Operating and maintenance expense for the year ended
December 31, 2021 in Exelon's Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
246
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
The net $1,022  million increase in the ARO during 2020 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decommissioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year . These adjustments primarily include:
•A net increa se of approximately $800 million was driven by updates to Byron and Dresden reflecting changes in assumed
retirement dates and assumed methods of decommissioning as a result of the announcement to early retire these plants in
2021. Refer to Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information.
•An increase of approxim ately $360 million resulting from the change in the assumed DOE spent fuel acceptance date for
disposal from 2030 to 2035.
•A decrease of approximately $220 million due to lower estimated decommissioning costs resulting from the completion of
updated cost studies primarily for two nuclear plants.
The 2020 ARO updates resulted in an increase of $60 million in Operating and maintenance expen se for the year ended
December 31, 2020 in Exelon's Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
NDT Funds
NDT funds have been established for each generation station nuclear unit to satisfy Generation’ s nuclear decommissioning
obligations, as required by the NRC, and withdrawals from these funds for reasons other than to pay for decommissioning are
restricted pursuant to NRC requirements until all decommissioning activities have been completed. Generally , NDT funds
established for a particular unit may not be used to fund the decommissioning obligations of any other unit.
The NDT funds associat ed with Generation's nuclear units have been funded with amounts collected from the previous owners and
their respective utility customers. PECO is authorized to collect funds, in revenues, through regulated rates for decommissioning the
former PECO nuclear plants, and these collections are scheduled through the operating lives of these former PECO plants. The
amounts collected from PECO customers are remitted to Generation and deposited into the NDT funds for the unit for which funds
are collected. Every five years, PECO files a rate adjustment with the PAPUC that reflects PECO’ s calculations of the estimated
amount needed to decommission each of the former PECO units based on updated fund balances  and estimated decommissioning
costs. The rate adjustme nt is used to determine the amount collectible from PECO customers. On March 31, 2017, PECO filed its
Nuclear Decommissioni ng Cost Adjustment with the PAPUC proposing an annual recovery from customers of approximately $4
million. On August 8, 2017, the P APUC approved the filing and the new rates became ef fective January 1, 2018.
Any shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning, determined for each generating station  unit, are generally required to be
funded by Generation, with the exception of a shortfall for the current decommissioning activities at Zion Station, where certain
decommissioning activities have been transferred to a third-party (see Zion Station Decommissioning below) and the former PECO
nuclear plants where, through PECO, Generati on has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers related to a
shortfall of NDT funds for those units, subject to certain limitations and thresholds, as prescribe d by an order from the PAPUC that
limits collection of amoun ts associated with the first $50 million of any shortfall of trust funds compared to decommissioning costs, as
well as 5% of any additional shortfalls, on an aggregate basis for all former PECO units. The initial $50 million and up to 5% of any
additional shortfalls would be borne by Generatio n. No recourse exists to collect additional amou nts from utility customers for any of
Generation's other nuclear units.
With respec t to the former ComEd and former PECO units, any funds remaining in the NDTs after all decommissioning has been
completed are required to be refunded to ComE d’s or PECO’ s customers, subject to certain limitations that allow sharing of excess
funds with Generation related to the former PECO units. With respect to Generation's other nuclear units, Generation retains any
funds remaining after decommissioning. However , in connection with CENG's acquisition of the Nine Mile Point and Ginna plants
and settlements with certain regulatory agencies, certain conditions pertaining to NDT funds apply that, if met, could possibly result
in obligations to make payments to certain third parties (clawbacks). For Nine Mile Point and Ginna, the clawback provisions are
triggered only in the event that the required decommissioning activities are discontinued or not started or completed in a timely
manner . In the event that the clawback provisions are triggered for Nine Mile Point, then, depending upon the triggering event, an
amount equal to 50% of the total amount withdrawn from the funds for non-decommissioning activities as defined in the agreement
or 50% of any excess funds in the trust
247
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
funds above  the amounts required for decommissioning (including SNF management and site restoration) is to be paid to the Nine
Mile Point sellers. In the event that the clawback provisions are triggered for Ginna, then an amount equal to any estimated cost
savings realized by not completing any of the required decommissioning activities is to be paid to the Ginna sellers.
The key criteria and assumptions used by Gener ation to determine the ARO and to forecast the target growth in the NDT funds as of
December 31, 2021 include: (1) the use of site specific cost estimates that are updated at least once every five years; (2) the
inclusion in the ARO estimate of all legally unavoidable costs required to decommission the unit (e.g., radiological decommissioning
and full site restoration for certain units, on-site SNF maintenance and storage subsequent to ceasing operations and until DOE
acceptance, and disposal of certain LLRW); (3) as applicable, the consideration of multiple scenarios where decommissioning and
site restoration activities are completed under possible scenarios ranging from 10 to 70 years after the cessation of plant operations
or the end of the curren t licensed operating life; (4) the consideration of multiple end of life scenarios; (5) the measurement of the
obligation at the present value of the future estimated costs and an annual average accretion of the ARO of approximately 4%
through a period of approximately 30 years after the end of the extended lives of the units; and (6) an estimated targeted annual pre-
tax return on the NDT funds of 5.5% to 6.3% (as compared to a historical 5-year annual average pre-tax return of approximately
10.2%).
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon had NDT funds totaling $16,064  million  and $14,599  million, respectively . The NDT
funds also include $126 millio n and $134 millio n for the current portion of the NDT funds as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively , which are included in Other curren t assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 24 — Supplemental
Financial Information for additional information on activities of the NDT  funds.
Accounting Implications of the Regulatory Agreements with ComEd and PECO
Based on the regulatory agreements with the ICC and PAPUC that dictate Generation’ s obligations related to the shortfall or excess
of NDT funds necessary  for decommissioning the former ComEd units on a unit-by-unit basis and the former PECO units in total,
decommissioning-related activities net of applicable taxes, including realized and unrealized gains and losses on the NDT funds,
depreciation of the ARC, and accretion of the decommissioning obligation, are generally offset in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are recorded by the corresponding regula ted utility as a component of the
intercompany and regulatory balances in the balance sheet.
For the former PECO units, given the symmetric  settlement provisions that allow for continued recovery of decommissioning costs
from PECO customers in the event of a short fall and the obligation for Generation to ultima tely return excess funds to PECO
customers (on an aggregate basis for all seven units), decommissioning-related activities are generally offset in Exelon’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income regardless of whether the NDT funds are expected to exceed
or fall short of the total estimated decommissioning obligation. The offset of decommissioning-related activities in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income results in an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities or regulatory assets and an
equal noncurrent af filiate receivable from or payable to Generation at PECO.
For the former ComEd units, given no further recovery from ComEd customers is permitted and Generation retains an obligation to
ultimately return any unused NDTs to ComEd customers (on a unit-by-unit basis), to the extent the related NDT investment balances
are expected to exceed the total estimated decommissioning obligation for each unit, decommissioning-related activities are offset in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income which results in an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities
and noncurrent receivables from Generation at ComEd. However , given the asymmetric settlem ent provision that does not allow for
continued recovery from ComEd customers in the event of a shortfall, recognition of a regulatory  asset at ComEd is not permissible
and accounting for decommissioning-related activities for that unit would not be offset. During the second and third quarter of 2021,
a pre-tax charge of $53 million and $140 million , respe ctively , was recorded in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for decommissioning-rel ated activities that were not offset for the Byron units due to contractual offset being
temporarily suspended. With Generation’ s September 15, 2021 reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron and the
corresponding adjustme nt to the ARO for Byron  discussed previously , Generation resumed contractual offset for Byron as of that
date.
248
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
As of December 31, 2021, decommissioning-rel ated activities for all of the former ComEd units, except for Zion (see Zion Station
Decommissioning below), are currently of fset in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The decommissioning-related activities related to the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are reflected in Exelon’ s Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding regulatory liabilities at ComEd and PECO.
Zion Station Decommissioning
In 2010, Generation completed an ASA under which ZionSolutions assumed responsibility for decommissioning Zion Station and
Generation transferred to ZionSolutions substantially all the Zion Station’ s assets, including the related NDT funds. Following
ZionSolutions' completion of its contractual obligations and transfer of the NRC license back to Generation, Generation will store the
SNF at Zion Station until it is transferred to the DOE for ultimate disposal, and complete all remaining decommissioning activities
associated with the SNF dry storage facility .
Generation had retained its obligation for the SNF upon transfer of the NRC license to Generatio n as well as certain NDT assets to
fund its obligation to maintain the SNF at Zion Station until transfer to the DOE and to complete all remaining decommissioning
activities for the SNF storage facility . Any short age of funds necessary to maintain the SNF and decommission the SNF storage
facility is ultimately required to be funded by Generation. As of December 31, 2021, the ARO associated with Zion's SNF storage
facility is $ 140 million and the NDT  funds available to fund this obligation are $ 65 million.
Non-Nuclear Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
The Utility Registrants have AROs primarily associated with the abatement and disposal of equipment and buildings contaminated
with asbestos and PCBs. In addition, Exelon has AROs for Generation's plant closure costs asso ciated with its fossil and renewable
generating facilities, including asbestos abateme nt, removal of certain storage tanks, restoring leased land to the condition it was in
prior to construction of renewable generating stations, and other decommissioning-related activities. See Note 1 — Significant
Accounting Policies for additional information on the Registrants’  accounting policy for AROs. 
The following table provides a rollforward of the non-nuclear AROs reflected in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets from
December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2021:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Non-nuclear AROs as of December 31, 2019 $460 $129 $ 28 $ 23 $ 57 $ 41 $ 12 $ 4 
Net increase (decrease) due to changes in, and
timing of, estimated future cash flows 7 — 2 1 1 (3) 2 2 
Development projects 1 — — — — — — — 
Accretion expense 16 1 1 1 1 1 — — 
Asset divestitures (4) — — — — — — — 
Payments (9) (1) (2) (2) — — — — 
AROs reclassified to liabilities held for sale (10) — — — — — — — 
Non-nuclear AROs as of December 31, 2020 461 129 29 23 59 39 14 6 
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of,
estimated future cash flows 31 15 — 2 10 5 2 3 
Accretion expense 18 4 1 1 1 1 — — 
Asset divestitures (19) — — — — — — — 
Payments (11) (2) (1) — — — — — 
AROs previously held for sale 10 — — — — — — — 
Non-nuclear AROs as of December 31, 2021 $490 $146 $ 29 $ 26 $ 70 $ 45 $ 16 $ 9 (a)
(a)
249
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
__________
(a)For ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, and Pepco, the majority of the accretion is recorded as an increase to a regulatory asset due to the associated
regulatory treatment.
11. Leases  (All Registrants)
Lessee
The Registrants have operating and finance leases for which they are the lessees. The following  tables outline the significant types
of leases at each regist rant and other terms and conditions of the lease agreements as of December 31, 2021. Exelon, ComEd,
PECO, and BGE did not have material finance  leases in 2021, 2020, or in 2019. PHI, Pepco , DPL, and ACE also did not have
material finance leases in 2019.
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Contracted generation ●
Real estate ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Vehicles and equipment ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
(in years) Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms 1-84 1-3 1-12 1-84 1-10 1-10 1-10 1-7
Options to extend the term 1-30 5 N/A N/A 3-30 5 3-30 5
Options to terminate within 1-11 1 N/A 1 N/A N/A N/A N/A
The components of operating lease costs were as follows:
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Operating lease costs $ 245 $ 3 $ — $ 30 $ 43 $ 10 $ 12 $ 6 
Variable lease costs 175 1 — 1 1 — — — 
Short-term lease costs — — — — — — — — 
Total lease costs $ 420 $ 4 $ — $ 31 $ 44 $ 10 $ 12 $ 6 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Operating lease costs $ 292 $ 3 $ 1 $ 33 $ 46 $ 11 $ 13 $ 6 
Variable lease costs 241 1 — 1 2 1 1 — 
Short-term lease costs 2 — — — — — — — 
Total lease costs $ 535 $ 4 $ 1 $ 34 $ 48 $ 12 $ 14 $ 6 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Operating lease costs $ 320 $ 3 $ 1 $ 33 $ 48 $ 12 $ 14 $ 7 
Variable lease costs 300 2 — 2 6 2 2 1 
Short-term lease costs 19 — — — — — — — 
Total lease costs $ 639 $ 5 $ 1 $ 35 $ 54 $ 14 $ 16 $ 8 
__________
(a)Excludes sublease income recorded at Exelon, PHI, and DPL of $48 million, $4 million, and $4 million, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2021, $48 million, $4 million, and $4 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020, and $51 million, $7 million, and
$7 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2019.
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE recorded finance lease costs of $13 million, $5 million, $5 million, and $3 million, respectively , for the
year ended December 31, 2021 and $9 million, $3 million, $4 million, and $2 million, respectively , for the year ended December 31,
2020.(a)
(a)
(a)
250
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
The followin g tables provide additional information regarding the presentation of operating and finance lease ROU assets and lease
liabilities within the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Operating Leases
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021
Operating lease ROU assets
Other deferred debits and other assets$ 875 $ 5 $ 1 $ 16 $ 209 $ 43 $ 46 $ 11 
Operating lease liabilities
Other current liabilities 124 2 — 15 31 6 8 3 
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities968 3 1 4 195 40 49 9 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 1,092 $ 5 $ 1 $ 19 $ 226 $ 46 $ 57 $ 12 
As of December 31, 2020
Operating lease ROU assets
Other deferred debits and other assets$ 1,064 $ 7 $ 1 $ 46 $ 241 $ 49 $ 54 $ 15 
Operating lease liabilities
Other current liabilities 213 3 — 45 31 6 9 4 
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities1,089 5 1 19 224 46 56 11 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 1,302 $ 8 $ 1 $ 64 $ 255 $ 52 $ 65 $ 15 
__________
(a)Exelon's operating ROU assets and lease liabilities include $293 million and $429 million, respectively, related to contracted generation as of
December 31, 2021, and $387 million and $528 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021
Finance lease ROU assets
Plant, property and equipment, net $ 73 $ 25 $ 29 $ 19 
Finance lease liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year 10 3 4 3 
Long-term debt 64 23 25 16 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 74 $ 26 $ 29 $ 19 
As of December 31, 2020
Finance lease ROU assets
Plant, property and equipment, net $ 50 $ 17 $ 20 $ 13 
Finance lease liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year 7 2 3 2 
Long-term debt 43 15 17 11 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 50 $ 17 $ 20 $ 13 (a)
251
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
The weighted average remaining lease terms, in years, for operating and finance leases were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021 9.8 3.3 6.1 13.7 7.5 8.6 8.5 3.5
As of December 31, 2020 10.1 3.8 4.2 8.3 8.2 9.1 9.1 4.0
As of December 31, 2019 10.1 4.6 4.4 5.4 9.0 9.8 9.7 4.7
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021 6.1 5.9 6.1 6.3
As of December 31, 2020 6.5 6.3 6.5 6.5
The weighted average discount rates for operating and finance leases were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021 4.7 % 2.8 % 2.2 % 4.0 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.4 %
As of December 31, 2020 4.7 % 3.0 % 2.9 % 3.8 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.5 %
As of December 31, 2019 4.6 % 3.0 % 3.2 % 3.6 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.6 %
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021 2.2 % 2.3 % 2.1 % 2.1 %
As of December 31, 2020 2.5 % 2.6 % 2.4 % 2.4 %
Future minimum lease payments for operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2021 were as follows:
Operating Leases
Year Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2022 $ 156 $ 2 $ — $ 16 $ 38 $ 8 $ 10 $ 4 
2023 144 1 — 1 37 7 10 3 
2024 140 1 — — 36 7 8 3 
2025 140 1 — — 34 6 7 2 
2026 135 — — — 29 5 5 1 
Remaining years 693 — 1 18 94 22 30 — 
Total 1,408 5 1 35 268 55 70 13 
Interest 316 — — 16 42 9 13 1 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 1,092 $ 5 $ 1 $ 19 $ 226 $ 46 $ 57 $ 12 
252
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
Finance Leases
Year PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2022 $ 12 $ 4 $ 5 $ 3 
2023 12 4 5 3 
2024 13 5 5 3 
2025 12 4 5 3 
2026 12 4 5 3 
Remaining years 18 6 7 5 
Total 79 27 32 20 
Interest 5 1 3 1 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 74 $ 26 $ 29 $ 19 
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating and finance lease liabilities were as follows:
Operating cash flows from operating leases
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended
December 31, 2021$ 255 $ 3 $ — $ 46 $ 39 $ 8 $ 9 $ 4 
For the year ended
December 31, 2020271 3 1 20 39 8 9 4 
For the year ended
December 31, 2019287 3 — 33 37 9 6 5 
Financing cash flows from finance leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021 $ 10 $ 3 $ 4 $ 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020 6 2 3 1 
ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating and finance lease obligations were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended
December 31, 2021$ (1)$ — $ — $ (1)$ 1 $ — $ 1 $ — 
For the year ended
December 31, 20201 — 1 — (1) — (1) — 
For the year ended
December 31, 201952 6 — 2 (3) (1) (2) (1)
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021 $ 32 $ 12 $ 12 $ 8 
For the year ended December 31, 2020 29 8 14 7 
Lessor
The Registrants have operating leases for which they are the lessors. The following tables outline the significant types of leases at
each registrant and other terms and conditions of their lease agreements as of December 31, 2021.
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Contracted generation ●
Real estate ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
253
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
(in years) Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms 1-81 1-15 1-81 21 1-11 1-4 10-11 N/A
Options to extend the term 1-79 5-79 5-50 N/A 5 N/A N/A N/A
The components of lease income were as follows:
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December
31, 2021
Operating lease income $ 52 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 $ — $ 3 $ — 
Variable lease income 262 — — — 1 — 1 — 
For the year ended December
31, 2020
Operating lease income $ 52 $ — $ — $ — $ 3 $ — $ 3 $ — 
Variable lease income 283 — — — 1 — 1 — 
For the year ended December
31, 2019
Operating lease income $ 54 $ — $ — $ — $ 5 $ — $ 4 $ — 
Variable lease income 261 — — — 3 — 3 — 
Future minimum lease payments to be recovered under operating leases as of December 31, 2021 were as follows:
Year Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2022 $ 50 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 $ — $ 3 $ — 
2023 49 — — — 3 — 3 — 
2024 49 — — — 4 — 4 — 
2025 49 — — — 4 — 4 — 
2026 49 — — — 4 — 4 — 
Remaining years 169 1 4 1 26 — 26 — 
Total $ 415 $ 1 $ 4 $ 1 $ 45 $ — $ 44 $ — 
254
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 12 — Asset Impairments
12. Asset Impairments (Exelon)
Exelon evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indic ators of impairment may include a
deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, or plans to dispose of a
long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life. Exelon determines if long-lived assets or asset groups are potentially
impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value when indicators of impairment exist. When
the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates  a long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable, the amount of the
impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair
value. The fair value analysis is primarily based on the income approach using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) including
revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital and maintenance expenditures, and discount rates. A variation in the
assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could
potentially result in material future impairments of Exelon's long-lived assets.
New England Asset Group
In the third quarter of 2020, in conjunction with the retirement announcement of Mystic Units 8 and 9, Generation completed a
comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the New England asset group and concluded that the
estimated undiscounted future cash flows and fair value of the New England asset group were less than their carrying values. As a
result, a pre-tax impairm ent charge of $500 million was recorded in the third quarter of 2020 in Operating and maintenance expense
in Exelon’s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 7 - Early Plant Retirements for additional
information.
In the secon d quarter of 2021, an overall decline in the asset group's portfolio value suggested  that the carrying value of the New
England asset group may be impaired. Generation completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows of the New England asset group and concluded that the carrying value was not recoverable and that its fair value was less
than its carrying value. As a result, a pre-tax impairment charge of $350 million was recorded in the second quarter of 2021 in
Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Contracted W ind Project
In the third quarter of 2021, significant long-term  operational issues anticipated for a specific wind turbine technology suggested that
the carrying value of a contracted wind asset, located in Maryland and part of the CRP  joint venture, may be impaired. Generation
completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows and concl uded that the carrying value of this
contracted wind project was not recoverable and that its fair value was less than its carrying value. As a result, in the third quarter of
2021, a pre-tax impairment charge of $45 million was recorded in Operating and maintenance expense, $21 million of which was
offset in Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
Equity Method Investments in Certain Distributed Energy Companies
In the third quarter of 2019, Generation’ s equity method investments in certain distributed energy  companies were fully impaired due
to an other-than-tempora ry decline in market conditions and underperforming projects. Exelon recorded a pre-tax impairment charge
of $164 millio n in Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates and an offsetting pre-tax $96 millio n in Net income attributable to
noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. As a result, Generation
accelerated the amortization of investment tax credits associated with these companies and Exelon recorded a benefit of $46 million
in Income taxes. The impairment charge and the accelerated amortization of investment tax credits resulted in a net $15 million
decrease to Exelon’ s earnings. See Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities for additional information.
13. Intangible Assets
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE)
255
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Intangible Assets
The following table presents the gross amount, accumulated impairment loss, and carrying amount of goodwill at Exelon, ComEd,
and PHI as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. There were no additions or impairment s during the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020.
Gross AmountAccumulated
Impairment Loss Carrying Amount
Exelon $ 8,660  $ 1,983  $ 6,677  
ComEd 4,608  1,983  2,625  
PHI 4,005  — 4,005  
__________
(a)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2000 from the PECO/Unicom merger (predecessor parent company of ComEd).
(b)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2016 from the PHI merger.
Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an assessment for impairment at least annually , or more frequently if events occur or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of ComEd's and PHI's reporting units below their carrying
amounts. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level
at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. A component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a
business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment
management. ComEd has a single operating segment. PHI's operating segments are Pepc o, DPL, and ACE. See Note 5 —
Segment Information for additional information. There is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are
regularly reviewed by segment management. Therefore, the ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE operating segments are also considered
reporting units for goodwill impairment assessment purposes. Exelon's and ComEd's $2.6 billion of goodwill has been assigned
entirely to the ComEd reporting unit, while Exelon's and PHI's $4.0 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL, and
ACE reporting units in the amounts of $ 2.1 billion, $ 1.4 billion, and $ 0.5 billion, respectively .
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd, and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed. If an entity bypasses the qualitative
assessment, a quantitative, fair value-based assessment is performed, which compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its
carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the entity recognizes an
impairment charge, which is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
Application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's,
and ACE's businesses, and the fair value of debt.
2021 and 2020 Goodw ill Impairment Assessment. ComEd and PHI qualitatively determined that it was more likely than not that
the fair values of their reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, did not perform quantitative assessments as of
November 1, 2021 and 2020. The last quantitativ e assessments performed were as of November 1, 2016 for ComEd and November
1, 2018 for PHI.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly
sensitive to changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments
of Exelon's, ComEd's, and PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material.
Other Intangible Assets and Liabilities (Exelon and PHI)
Exelon’ s other intangible  assets, included in Other current assets and Other deferred debits and other assets in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Exelon's and PHI's other intangible liabilities,
included in current and noncurrent Unamortized energy contract liabilities in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, consisted of the
following as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The intangible(a)
(b)
256
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Intangible Assets
assets and liabilities shown below are amortized on a straight-line basis, except for unamo rtized energy contracts which are
amortized in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net
Exelon
Unamortized Energy Contracts $ 448 $ (393)$ 55 $ 448 $ (454)$ (6)
Customer Relationships 330 (243) 87 326 (215) 111 
Trade Name 222 (218) 4 222 (197) 25 
Software License 95 (62) 33 95 (53) 42 
Exelon T otal $1,095  $ (916)$ 179 $1,091  $ (919)$ 172 
PHI
Unamortized Energy Contracts $(1,515 )$ 1,280  $ (235)$(1,515 )$ 1,188  $ (327)
The following table summarizes the amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities for each of the years ended
December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019:
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon PHI
2021 $ (3)$ (92)
2020 (17) (115)
2019 (28) (119)
__________
(a)See Note 24 - Supplemental Financial Information for additional information related to the amortization of unamortized energy contracts.
(b)For PHI unamortized energy contracts, the amortization of the fair value adjustment amounts and the corresponding offsetting regulatory asset
amounts are amortized through Purchased power and fuel expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
resulting in no effect to net income.
The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2021:
For the Years Ending December 31, Exelon PHI
2022 $ (19)$ (89)
2023 (18) (81)
2024 22 (38)
2025 43 (5)
2026 32 (5)
Renewable Energy Credits (Exelon)
RECs are included in Renewable energy credits in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purch ased RECs are recorded at cost on
the date they are purchased. The cost of RECs purchased on a stand-alone basis is based on the transaction price, while the cost of
RECs acqui red through PPAs represents the difference between the total contract price and the market price of energy at contract
inception. Generally , revenue for RECs that are sold to a counterparty under a contract that specifically identifies a power plant is
recognized at a point in time when the power is produced. This includes both bundled and unbundled REC sales. Otherwise, the
revenue is recognized upon physical transfer of the REC to the customer .
The following table presents current RECs as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2020
Current REC's $ 529 $ 632 (a)(b) (b)
257
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
14. Income T axes (All Registrants)
Components of Income T ax Expense or Benefit
Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations is comprised of the following components:
For the Year Ended December 31, 2021
 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $322 $(30)$ 1 $(18)$ 18 $ 22 $ 2 $ 1 
Deferred (66) 113 20 34 (52) (17) (14) (26)
Investment tax credit amortization (18) (1) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current 32 (41) — — — 1 1 — 
Deferred 100 131 (9) (51) 77 9 53 12 
Total $370 $172 $ 12 $(35)$ 42 $ 15 $ 42 $(13)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $ 26 $(24)$ (7)$ 4 $ 25 $ 40 $(13)$ (4)
Deferred 156 112 1 10 (129) (62) (20) (43)
Investment tax credit amortization (28) (2) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current 42 (27) — — (5) — — — 
Deferred 177 118 (24) 27 33 15 8 6 
Total $373 $177 $(30)$ 41 $(77)$ (7)$(25)$(41)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2019
 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $ 85 $ 59 $ 45 $(51)$ 43 $ 16 $ 29 $ (3)
Deferred 489 15 20 95 (34) (6) (21) (6)
Investment tax credit amortization (72) (2) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current 5 (5) — — 3 — — — 
Deferred 267 96 — 35 27 6 14 9 
Total $774 $163 $ 65 $ 79 $ 38 $ 16 $ 22 $ — 
Rate Reconciliation
The ef fective income tax rate from continuing operations varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate principally due to the following:
258
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
For the Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of federal income tax
benefit 4.8 7.8 (1.4) (10.8) 10.1 2.7 25.0 7.4 
Qualified NDT  fund income 11.3 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of investment tax credit, including
deferred taxes on basis dif ferences (0.7) (0.1) — (0.1) (0.1) — (0.2) (0.2)
Plant basis dif ferences (4.1) (0.8) (13.6) (1.7) (1.1) (1.6) (0.8) (0.2)
Production tax credits and other credits (2.5) (0.5) — (0.9) (0.5) (0.5) (0.4) (0.5)
Excess deferred tax amortization (12.9) (7.6) (3.8) (16.3) (22.4) (16.4) (20.0) (37.1)
Other (0.1) (1.0) 0.1 (0.6) — (0.4) 0.1 (0.2)
Effective income tax rate 16.8 % 18.8 % 2.3 % (9.4)% 7.0 % 4.8 % 24.7 % (9.8)%
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of federal income tax
benefit 7.8 11.6 (4.5) 5.5 5.1 4.5 6.6 7.0 
Qualified NDT  fund income 8.4 — — — — — — — 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement payments 1.8 6.8 — — — — — — 
Amortization of investment tax credit,
including deferred taxes on basis dif ferences (1.1) (0.3) — (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) (0.5)
Plant basis dif ferences (4.0) (0.6) (18.7) (1.5) (1.6) (1.7) (0.4) (3.0)
Production tax credits and other credits (2.2) (0.3) — (0.4) (0.3) (0.3) (0.3) (0.5)
Noncontrolling interests 1.1 — — — — — — — 
Excess deferred tax amortization (13.6) (11.2) (4.6) (13.9) (42.0) (25.4) (51.7) (82.1)
Tax Settlements (3.7) — — — — — — — 
Other 0.5 1.8 (0.4) (0.1) (0.4) (0.7) 0.1 0.4 
Effective income tax rate 16.0 % 28.8 % (7.2)% 10.5 % (18.4)% (2.7)% (25.0)% (57.7)%
For the Year Ended December 31, 2019
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of federal income tax
benefit 5.4 8.5 — 6.4 4.7 2.0 6.8 7.0 
Qualified NDT  fund income 5.9 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of investment tax credit, including
deferred taxes on basis dif ferences (1.5) (0.2) — (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.2) (0.3)
Plant basis dif ferences (1.4) — (7.2) (1.2) (1.2) (1.8) (0.4) (0.7)
Production tax credits and other credits (3.1) (1.2) — (1.3) (0.2) (0.1) — (0.1)
Noncontrolling interests (0.6) — — — — — — — 
Excess deferred tax amortization (5.5) (9.7) (2.8) (6.8) (17.5) (15.1) (14.2) (27.0)
Other (0.8) 0.8 — — 0.8 0.3 — 0.1 
Effective income tax rate 19.4 % 19.2 % 11.0 % 18.0 % 7.4 % 6.2 % 13.0 % — %
__________
(a)Positive percentages represent income tax expense. Negative percentages represent income tax benefit.
(b)For PECO, the lower effective tax rate is primarily related to plant basis differences attributable to tax repair deductions. For BGE, the income
tax benefit is primarily due to the Maryland multi-year plan which resulted in the acceleration of certain income tax benefits. For DPL, the higher
effective tax rate is primarily related to a state income tax expense, net of federal income tax benefit, due to the recognition of a valuation
allowance of approximately $31 million against a deferred tax asset associated with Delaware net operating loss carryforwards as a result of a
change in Delaware tax law. For ACE, the income tax benefit is primarily due to a distribution rate case settlement which allows ACE to retain
certain tax benefits.(a)
(b) (b) (b) (b)
(a)
(c) (c) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d)
(e)
(a)
259
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
(c)At ComEd, the higher effective tax rate is primarily related to the nondeductible Deferred Prosecution Agreement payments. At PECO, the
negative effective tax rate is primarily related to an increase in plant basis differences attributable to tax repair deductions related to an increase
in storms and qualifying projects in 2021.
(d)For BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the income tax benefit is primarily attributable to accelerated amortization of transmission related deferred
income tax regulatory liabilities as a result of regulatory settlements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(e)Exelon's unrecognized federal and state tax benefits decreased in the first quarter of 2020 by approximately $411 million due to the settlement
of a federal refund claim with IRS Appeals. The recognition of these benefits resulted in an increase to Exelon’s net income of $76 million for the
first quarter of 2020, reflecting a decrease to Exelon’s income tax expense of $67 million.
Tax Differences and Carryforwards
The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards, which give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets
(liabilities), as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are presented below:
As of December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences $(14,429)$(4,648)$(2,271)$(1,826)$(2,976)$(1,321)$(853)$ (777)
Accrual based contracts 18 — — — 56 — — — 
Derivatives and other financial instruments (109) 61 — — 2 — — — 
Deferred pension and postretirement
obligation 1,054 (308) (32) (37) (90) (76) (40) (6)
Nuclear decommissioning activities (912) — — — — — — — 
Deferred debt refinancing costs 161 (6) — (2) 123 (2) (1) (1)
Regulatory assets and liabilities (1,130) 8 (280) 92 (53) 24 55 31 
Tax loss carryforward, net of valuation
allowances 295 — 65 68 64 2 18 42 
Tax credit carryforward 778 — — — — — — — 
Investment in partnerships (273) — — — — — — — 
Other, net 789 216 97 21 212 99 19 34 
Deferred income tax liabilities (net) $(13,758)$(4,677)$(2,421)$(1,684)$(2,662)$(1,274)$(802)$ (677)
Unamortized investment tax credits (384) (8) — (2) (5) (1) (1) (2)
Total deferred income tax liabilities (net)
and unamortized investment tax credits $(14,142)$(4,685)$(2,421)$(1,686)$(2,667)$(1,275)$(803)$ (679)
260
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
As of December 31, 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences $(13,868)$ (4,432)$(2,131)$(1,711)$(2,822)$(1,259)$(806)$(725)
Accrual based contracts 40 — — — 77 — — — 
Derivatives and other financial instruments 41 84 — — 2 — — — 
Deferred pension and postretirement
obligation 1,559 (288) (30) (33) (80) (74) (40) (7)
Nuclear decommissioning activities (742) — — — — — — — 
Deferred debt refinancing costs 169 (6) — (2) 131 (3) (1) (1)
Regulatory assets and liabilities (1,107) 87 (231) 142 (41) 38 67 46 
Tax loss carryforward, net of valuation
allowances 286 — 47 57 90 4 49 38 
Tax credit carryforward 841 — — — — — — — 
Investment in partnerships (835) — — — — — — — 
Other, net 1,070 223 104 29 220 107 18 27 
Deferred income tax liabilities (net) $(12,546)$ (4,332)$(2,241)$(1,518)$(2,423)$(1,187)$(713)$(622)
Unamortized investment tax credits (464) (9) (1) (3) (6) (2) (2) (3)
Total deferred income tax liabilities (net)
and
unamortized investment tax credits $(13,010)$ (4,341)$(2,242)$(1,521)$(2,429)$(1,189)$(715)$(625)
_________
(a)Does not include unamortized investment tax credits reclassified to liabilities held for sale.
The followin g table provides Exelon’ s, PECO’ s, BGE’ s, PHI’s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s carry forwards, of which the state related
items are presented on a post-apportioned basis, and any corresponding valuation allowances  as of December 31, 2021. ComEd
does not have net operating losses or credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Exelon PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Federal
Federal general business credits carryforwards
and other carryforwards $ 806 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
State
State net operating losses and other
carryforwards 5,485  890 1,098  1,512  42 736 605 
Deferred taxes on state tax attributes (net of
federal taxes) 365 70 72 104 3 50 43 
Valuation allowance on state tax attributes (net of
federal taxes) 59 3 — 31 — 31 — 
Year in which net operating loss or credit
carryforwards will begin to expire 2035 2032 2033 2029 N/A 2032 2031
__________
(a)For Exelon, the federal general business credit carryforward will begin expiring in 2035.
(b)At Exelon, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against certain separate company state net operating loss carryforwards that are
expected to expire before realization. At PECO, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against Pennsylvania charitable contributions
carryforwards that are expected to expire before realization. At DPL, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against Delaware net
operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law.
(c)A portion of Exelon's, BGE's, Pepco's, and DPL's Maryland state net operating loss carryforward have an indefinite carryforward period.
Tabular Reconciliation of Unrecognized T ax Benefits
The following table presents changes in unrecognized tax benefits, for Exelon, PHI, and ACE. ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's,
and DPL's amounts are not material.(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
261
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
Exelon PHI ACE
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ 477 $ 45 $ 14 
Change to positions that only af fect timing 26 3 — 
Increases based on tax positions related to 2019 2 — — 
Increases based on tax positions prior to 2019 34 — — 
Decreases based on tax positions prior to 2019 (3) — — 
Decrease from settlements with taxing authorities (29) — — 
Balance at December 31, 2019 507 48 14 
Change to positions that only af fect timing 6 3 1 
Increases based on tax positions related to 2020 3 — — 
Increases based on tax positions prior to 2020 26 1 — 
Decreases based on tax positions prior to 2020 (348) — — 
Decrease from settlements with taxing authorities (69) — — 
Balance at December 31, 2020 125 52 15 
Change to positions that only af fect timing 13 3 1 
Increases based on tax positions related to 2021 4 1 — 
Increases based on tax positions prior to 2021 4 — — 
Decreases based on tax positions prior to 2021 (3) — — 
Decrease from settlements with taxing authorities — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 143 $ 56 $ 16 
__________
(a)Exelon's unrecognized federal and state tax benefits decreased in the first quarter of 2020 by approximately $411 million due to the settlement
of a federal refund claim with IRS Appeals. The recognition of these tax benefits resulted in an increase to Exelon's net income of $76 million in
the first quarter of 2020, reflecting a decrease to Exelon's income tax expense of $67 million.
Recognition of unrecognized tax benefits
The following table prese nts Exelon's unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would decrea se the effective tax rate. The Utility
Registrants' amounts are not material.
Exelon
December 31, 2021 $ 77 
December 31, 2020 73 
December 31, 2019 462 
Reasonably possible the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within 12
months after the reporting date
As of Decem ber 31, 2021, ACE has approxima tely $14 million  of unrecognized state tax benefits that could significantly decrease
within the 12 months after the reporting date based on the outcome of pending court cases involving other taxpayers. The
unrecognized tax benefit, if recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the effective
tax rate.
Total amounts of interest and penalties recognized
The following table represents the net interest and penalties receivable (payable) related to tax positions reflected in Exelon's
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Utility Registrants' amounts are not material.
Net interest and penalties receivable as of Exelon
December 31, 2021 $ 43 
December 31, 2020 314 (a)
(a)
(a)
262
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2021, the interest receivable balance is not expected to be settled in cash within the next twelve months and therefore
classified as non-current receivable. In December of 2021, Exelon received a refund of approximately $272 million related to an interest netting
refund claim.
The Registrants did not record material interest and penalty expense related to tax positions reflected in their Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Interest expense and penalty expense are recorded in Interest expense, net and Other , net, respect ively, in Other income
and deductions in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Description of tax years open to assessment by major jurisdiction
Major Jurisdiction Open Years Registrants Impacted
Federal consolidated income tax returns 2010-2020 All Registrants
Delaware separate corporate income tax returns Same as federal DPL
District of Columbia combined corporate income tax returns 2018-2020 Exelon, PHI, Pepco
Illinois unitary corporate income tax returns 2012-2020 Exelon, ComEd
Maryland separate company corporate net income tax returns Same as federal BGE, Pepco, DPL
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2017-2018 Exelon
New Jersey combined corporate income tax returns 2019-2020 Exelon
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2017-2020 ACE
New York combined corporate income tax returns 2011-2020 Exelon
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2011-2016 Exelon
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2018-2020 Exelon
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2018-2020 PECO
__________
(a)Certain registrants are only open to assessment for tax years since joining the Exelon federal consolidated group; BGE beginning in 2012 and
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE beginning in 2016.
Other T ax Matters
CENG Put Option (Exelon)
On August 6, 2021, Generation entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which Generation purchased EDF’ s equity interest
in CENG. Exelon record ed deferred tax liabilities of $290 million against Commo n Stock in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect on the difference between the net purchase price and EDF’ s noncontrolling
interest as of August 6, 2021. The deferre d tax liabilities will reverse during the rema ining operating lives and during
decommissioning of the CENG nuclear plants. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information.
Long-T erm Marginal State Income T ax Rate (All Registrants)
Quarterly , Exelon reviews and updates its marginal state income tax rates and updates for material changes in state tax laws and
state apportionment. The Registrants remeasure  their existing deferred income tax balances to reflect the changes in marginal rates,
which result s in either an increase or a decrease to their net deferred income tax liability balances. Utility Registrants record
corresponding regulatory  liabilities or assets to the extent such amounts are probable of settle ment or recovery through customer
rates and an adjustment to income tax expense for all other amounts. The impacts  to the Utility Registrants for the years ended
December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 were not material.
December 31, 2021 Exelon
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 27 
December 31, 2020
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 66 
December 31, 2019
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 20 (a)
263
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
Allocation of T ax Benefits (All Registrants)
The Utility Registrants are party to an agreement with Exelon and other subsidiaries of Exelon  that provides for the allocation of
consolidated tax liabilities and benefits (Tax Sharing Agreement). The Tax Sharing Agreement provides that each party is allocated
an amount of tax similar to that which would be owed had the party been separately subject to tax. In addition, any net federal and
state benefits attributable to Exelon are reallocated to the other Registrants. That allocation is treated as a contribution from Exelon
to the party receiving the benefit.
The following table presents the allocation of tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement.
ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021 $ 1 $ 19 $ — $ 17 $ 16 $ — $ — 
December 31, 2020 14 17 — 17 8 6 1 
December 31, 2019 — 14 3 7 6 1 — 
__________
(a)BGE, DPL, and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net
operating loss.
(b)BGE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
(c)ComEd and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net
operating loss.
Research and Development Activities
In the fourth quarter of 2019, Exelon recognized additional tax benefits related to certain research and development activities that
qualify for federal and state tax incentives for the 2010 through 2018 tax years, which resulted in an increase to Exelon’ s net income
of $108 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, reflecting a decrease to Exelon’ s Income tax expense of $ 97 million.
15. Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for essentially all current employees. Substantially all non-union
employees and electing  union employees hired  on or after January 1, 2001 participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
January 1, 2009, substantially all newly-hired union-represented employees participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
February 1, 2018 for most newly-hired Generation and BSC non-represented, non-craft, employees, January 1, 2021 for most
newly-hired utility management employees, and for certain newly-hired union employees pursuant to their collective bargaining
agreements, these newly-hired employees are not eligible for pension benefits, and will instead be eligible to receive an enhanced
non-discretionary employer contribution in an Exelon defined contribution savings plan. Effective January 1, 2018, most newly-hired
non-represented, non-cr aft, employees are not eligible for OPEB benefits and employees repres ented by Local 614 are not eligible
for retiree health care benefits. Effective January 1, 2021, most non-represented, non-craft, employees who are under the age of 40
are not eligible for retiree health care benefits. Effective January 1, 2022, management employees retiring on or after that date are
no longer eligible for retiree life insurance benefits.
Effective January 1, 2019, Exelon merged the Exelon Corporation Cash Balance Pension Plan (CBPP) into the Exelon Corporation
Retirement Program (ECRP). The merging of the plans did not change the benefits offered to the plan participants and, thus, had no
impact on Exelon's pens ion obligation. However , beginning in 2019, actuarial losses and gains related to the CBPP  and ECRP  are
amortized over participants’  average remaining service period of the merged ECRP  rather than each individual plan.
Effective February 1, 2022, in connection with the separation, pension and OPEB obligations  and assets for current and former
Generation employees and shared service employees supporting Generation, were transferred to pension and OPEB plans and
trusts established by Generation.(a)
(b)
(c)
264
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
The tables below show  the pension and OPEB plans in which employees of each operating company participated as of
December 31, 2021:
Operating Company
Name of Plan: ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE Generation
Qualified Pension Plans:
Exelon Corporation Retirement Program X X X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Pension Plan for
Bargaining Unit Employees X   X
Exelon New England Union Employees
Pension Plan X
Exelon Employee Pension Plan for Clinton,
TMI, and Oyster Creek X   X X X X X X
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Group,
Inc. X X X   X X X X
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC X X X X X
Nine Mile Point Pension Plan X
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC Union
Employees Pension Plan Including Plan A and
Plan B X
Pepco Holdings LLC Retirement Plan X X X X X X X X
Non-Qualified Pension Plans:
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Pension
Benefit Plan and 2000 Excess Benefit Plan X   X   X X
Exelon Corporation Supplemental
Management Retirement Plan X   X   X X X X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior
Executive Supplemental Plan X   X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
Supplemental Pension Plan X   X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits
Restoration Plan X X   X X
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC
Executive Retirement Plan X X
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC
Benefits Restoration Plan X X
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Executive
Benefit Plan X   X
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Manager
Benefit Plan X X   X
Pepco Holdings LLC 2011 Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan X X X X X
Conectiv Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan X X X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Combined Executive
Retirement Plan X X
Atlantic City Electric Director Retirement
Plan X(e)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
(b)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(c)
(c)
(b)
(b)
(d)
(d)
(d)
(d)
265
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Operating Company
Name of Plan:  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE Generation
OPEB Plans:
PECO Energy Company Retiree Medical
Plan   X X   X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Health Care Program   X   X X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Employees’ Life Insurance
Plan   X   X   X X
Exelon Corporation Health Reimbursement
Arrangement Plan   X   X   X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Medical Plan   X X X   X X X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Dental Plan   X   X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Employee
Life Insurance Plan and Family Life Insurance
Plan   X X   X X X X
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC
Post-Employment Medical Account Savings
Plan   X X
Exelon New England Union Post-Employment
Medical Savings Account Plan   X
Retiree Medical Plan of Constellation Energy
Nuclear Group, LLC X X X X
Retiree Dental Plan of Constellation Energy
Nuclear Group, LLC X X X X
Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC Medical
Care and Prescription Drug Plan for Retired
Employees X
Pepco Holdings LLC Welfare Plan for
Retirees X X X X X X X X
__________
(a)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Exelon plans.
(b)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Constellation Energy Group (CEG) Plans.
(c)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy CENG plans.
(d)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy PHI plans.
(e)Employees generally remain in their legacy benefit plans when transferring between operating companies.
Exelon’ s traditional and cash balance pension plans are intended to be tax-qualified defined benefit plans. Exelon has elected that
the trusts underlying these plans be treated as qualified trusts under the IRC. If certain conditions are met, Exelon can deduct
payments made to the qualified trusts, subject to certain IRC limitations.
Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets, and Funded Status
During the first quarter of 2021, Exelon received  an updated valuation of its pension and OPEB to reflect actual census data as of
January 1, 2021. This valuation resulted in an increase to the pension obligations of $33 millio n and a decrease to the OPEB
obligations of $9 millio n. Additionally , accumulated other comprehensive loss increased by $1 millio n (after-tax) and regulatory
assets and liabilities increased by $ 21 million and $ 1 million, respectively .(e)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(a)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(d)
266
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
The followin g tables provide a rollforward of the changes in the benefit obligations and plan asse ts of Exelon for the most recent two
years for all plans combined:
Pension Benefits OPEB
2021 2020 2021 2020
Change in benefit obligation:
Net benefit obligation as of the beginning of year $ 24,894  $ 22,868  $ 4,604  $ 4,658  
Service cost 439 387 80 90 
Interest cost 641 757 114 154 
Plan participants’  contributions — — 50 49 
Actuarial (gain) loss (630) 2,217  (223) 49 
Plan amendments — — — (111)
Settlements (88) (45) (5) (5)
Gross benefits paid (1,410 ) (1,290 ) (292) (280)
Net benefit obligation as of the end of year $ 23,846  $ 24,894  $ 4,328  $ 4,604  
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2021 2020 2021 2020
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of net plan assets as of the beginning of
year $ 20,344  $ 18,590  $ 2,554  $ 2,541  
Actual return on plan assets 1,407  2,547  203 190 
Employer contributions 574 542 91 59 
Plan participants’  contributions — — 50 49 
Gross benefits paid (1,410 ) (1,290 ) (292) (280)
Settlements (88) (45) (5) (5)
Fair value of net plan assets as of the end of year $ 20,827  $ 20,344  $ 2,601  $ 2,554  
__________
(a)The pension and OPEB gains in 2021 primarily reflect an increase in the discount rate. In 2020, the actuarial losses primarily reflect a decrease
in the discount rate. OPEB losses in 2020 were offset by gains related to plan changes.
Exelon presents its benefit obligations and plan assets net on its balance sheet within the following line items:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2021 2020 2021 2020
Other current liabilities $ 29 $ 47 $ 42 $ 42 
Pension obligations 2,990  4,503  — — 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — — 1,685  2,008  
Unfunded status (net benefit obligation less plan
assets) $ 3,019  $ 4,550  $ 1,727  $ 2,050  (a)
267
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
The following table provides the ABO and fair value of plan assets for all pension plans with an ABO in excess of plan
assets. Information for pension and OPEB plans with projected benefit obligations (PBO) and accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation (APBO), respectively , in excess of plan assets has been disclosed in the Obligations and Plan Assets table above as all
pension and OPEB plans are underfunded.
Exelon
ABO in Excess of Plan Assets 2021 2020
ABO $ 22,609  $ 23,514  
Fair value of net plan assets 20,827  20,344  
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs
The majority  of the 2021 pension benefit cost for the Exelon-sponsored plans is calculated using an expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets of 7.00% and a discount rate of 2.58%. The majo rity of the 2021 OPEB cost is calculated using an expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.46% for funded plans and a discount rate of 2.51%.
A portion of the net perio dic benefit cost for all plans is capitalized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table prese nts
the compon ents of Exelon’ s net periodic benefit costs, prior to capitalization, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and
2019.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019
Components of net periodic
benefit cost:
Service cost $ 439 $ 387 $ 357 $ 80 $ 90 $ 93 
Interest cost 641 757 883 114 154 188 
Expected return on assets (1,336 ) (1,270 ) (1,225 ) (158) (163) (153)
Amortization of:
Prior service cost (credit) 3 4 — (34) (124) (179)
Actuarial loss 598 512 414 37 49 45 
Curtailment benefits — — — — (1) — 
Settlement and other charges 27 14 17 1 1 1 
Contractual termination
benefits — — 1 — — — 
Net periodic benefit cost $ 372 $ 404 $ 447 $ 40 $ 6 $ (5)
Cost Allocation to Exelon Subsidiaries
All Registrants account for their participation in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans by applying multi-employer accounting. Exelon
allocates costs related to its pension and OPEB plans to its subsidiaries based on both active and retired employee participation in
each plan.
The amount s below represent the Registrants'  allocated pension and OPEB costs. For Exelon, the service cost component is
included in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant, and equipment, net while the non-service cost components are
included in Other , net and Regulatory assets. For the Utility Registrants, the service cost and non-service cost components are
included in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant, and equipment, net in their consolidated financial statements.
268
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2021 $ 411 $ 129 $ 8 $ 64 $ 49 $ 6 $ 2 $ 11 
2020 411 114 5 64 70 15 7 14 
2019 442 96 12 61 95 25 15 16 
Components of AOCI and Regulatory Assets
Exelon recognizes the overfunded or underfund ed status of defined benefit pension and OPEB plans as an asset or liability on its
balance sheet, with offsetting entries to AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities). A portion of current year actuarial (gains) losses and
prior service costs (cred its) is capitalized in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets to reflect the expected regulatory recovery of
these amoun ts, which would otherwise be recorded to AOCI. The followin g tables provide the components of AOCI and regulatory
assets (liabilities) for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 for all plans combined.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019
Changes in plan assets and
benefit obligations
recognized in AOCI and
regulatory assets (liabilities):
Current year actuarial (gain)
loss $ (700)$ 941 $ 538 $ (270)$ 22 $ 80 
Amortization of actuarial loss (598) (512) (414) (37) (49) (45)
Current year prior service cost
(credit) — — 68 — (111) — 
Amortization of prior service
(cost) credit (3) (4) — 34 124 179 
Curtailments — — (3) — 1 — 
Settlements (27) (14) (17) (1) (1) (1)
Total recognized in AOCI and
regulatory assets (liabilities) $ (1,328 )$ 411 $ 172 $ (274)$ (14)$ 213 
Total recognized in AOCI $ (747)$ 271 $ 169 $ (130)$ 6 $ 107 
Total recognized in regulatory
assets (liabilities) $ (581)$ 140 $ 3 $ (144)$ (20)$ 106 
The following table provides the components of gross accumulated other comprehensive loss and regulatory assets (liabilities) for
Exelon that have not been recognized as components of periodic benefit cost as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively , for
all plans combined:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2021 2020 2021 2020
Prior service cost (credit) $ 32 $ 35 $ (111)$ (145)
Actuarial loss 6,752  8,077  230 538 
Total $ 6,784  $ 8,112  $ 119 $ 393 
Total included in AOCI $ 3,592  $ 4,339  $ 53 $ 183 
Total included in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 3,192  $ 3,773  $ 66 $ 210 
269
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Average Remaining Service Period
For pension benefits, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs (credits) and certain actuarial (gains) losses, as
applicable, based on participants’  average remaining service periods.
For OPEB, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs (credits) over participants’  average remaining service period to
benefit eligibility age and amortizes certain actuarial (gains) losses over participants’  average remaining service period to expected
retirement. The resulting average remaining service periods for pension and OPEB were as follows:
2021 2020 2019
Pension plans 12.4 12.3 11.7 
OPEB plans:
Benefit Eligibility Age 7.6 9.0 8.7 
Expected Retirement 8.8 10.2 9.3 
Assumptions
The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under Exelon’ s define d benefit and OPEB plans involves
various facto rs, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting  policy elections. The measurement
of benefit obligations and costs is impacted by several assumptions and inputs, as shown below, among other factors. When
developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations.
Expected Rate of Return.  In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and GDP
growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectations regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by
Exelon’ s target asset class allocations.
Mortality . The mortal ity assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . For the year ended
December 31, 2021, Exelon’ s mortality assumption utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2021 improvement scale
adjusted to use Proxy SSA ultimate improvement rates.  For the year ended December 31, 2020, Exelon's mortality assumption
utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2020 improvement scale adjusted to use Proxy SSA ultimate improvement
rates.
For Exelon, the followin g assumptions were used to determine the benefit obligations for the plans as of December 31, 2021 and
2020. Assumptions used to determine year-end benefit obligations are the assumptions used to estimate the subsequent year’s net
periodic benefit costs.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2021  2020  2021  2020  
Discount rate 2.92 % 2.58 % 2.88 % 2.51 %
Investment crediting rate 3.75 % 3.72 % N/A N/A
Rate of compensation increase 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 %
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with
MP- 2021
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2021
improvement scale
(adjusted)  Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)
Health care cost trend on covered charges N/A N/AInitial and ultimate rate
of 5.00%Initial and ultimate
trend of 5.00%
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB obligations. Certain benefit
plans used individual rates, which range from 2.55% - 3.02% and 2.84% - 2.92% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31,
2021 and 2.11% - 2.73% and 2.45% - 2.63% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.(a) (a) (a) (a) 
(b) (b) 
270
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
The followin g assumptions were used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2021,
2020 and 2019: 
 Pension Benefits  OPEB  
2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  2019  
Discount rate 2.58 % 3.34 % 4.31 % 2.51 % 3.31 % 4.30 % 
Investment
crediting rate 3.72 % 3.82 % 4.46 % N/A N/A N/A
Expected return
on plan assets 7.00 % 7.00 % 7.00 % 6.46 % 6.69 % 6.67 % 
Rate of
compensation
increase 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.25 % 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.25 %
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with
MP- 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP - 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP - 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)
Health care cost
trend on covered
charges N/A N/A N/AInitial and ultimate
rate of 5.00%Initial and ultimate
rate of 5.00%5.00% with ultimate
trend of 5.00% in
2017
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB costs. Certain benefit plans
used individual rates, which range from 2.11%-2.73% and 2.45%-2.63% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2021; 3.02%-3.44% and 3.27%-3.40% for pension and OPEB plans; respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020; and
4.13%-4.36% and 4.27%-4.38% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2019.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
(c)Not applicable to pension and OPEB plans that do not have plan assets.
(d)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
Contributions
Exelon allocates contribu tions related to its legacy Exelon pension and OPEB plans to its subsidi aries based on accounting cost. For
legacy CEG, CENG, FitzPatrick, and PHI plans, pension and OPEB contributions are allocated to the subsidiaries based on
employee participation (both active and retired). The following tables provide contributions to the pension and OPEB plans:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2021 2020 2019 2021  2020  2019
Exelon $ 574 $ 542 $ 356 $ 91 $ 59 $ 51 
ComEd 174 143 72 22 5 5 
PECO 17 18 27 1 — 1 
BGE 57 56 34 24 22 14 
PHI 39 30 10 9 9 15 
Pepco 2 2 2 9 9 12 
DPL 1 — 1 — — — 
ACE 3 2 — — — 1 
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100%
funded status on(a) (a) (a) (a) (a) (a)
(b) (b) (b) 
(c) (c) (c) (c) (c) (c)
(d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) 
271
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
an ABO basis over time. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. Based
on this funding strategy  and current market conditions, which are subject to change, Exelon’ s estimated annual qualified pension
contributions will be approximately $500 million in 2022. Exelon's estimated contributions include contributions related to
Generation's qualified pension plans. In connection with the separation, an additional qualified pension contribution of $207 million
was completed on Febru ary 1, 2022. Unlike the qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given
that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While OPEB plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its plans. For
Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has historically
considered several facto rs in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, includin g liabilities management, levels of
benefit claims paid, and regulatory implication s (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
The following table provides all Registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans , planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to OPEB plans in 2022:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 505 $ 32 $ 50 
ComEd 173 2 12 
PECO 12 1 2 
BGE 48 2 16 
PHI 60 10 7 
Pepco 2 1 6 
DPL 1 1 — 
ACE 7 — — 
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
Estimated future benefit payments to participants in all of the pension plans and postretirement benefit plans as of December 31,
2021 were:
Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 $ 1,288  $ 253 
2023 1,298  254 
2024 1,326  255 
2025 1,330  255 
2026 1,326  258 
2027 through 2031 6,736  1,284  
Total estimated future benefits payments through 2031 $ 13,304  $ 2,559  
Plan Assets
Investment Strategy . On a regula r basis, Exelon evaluates its investm ent strategy to ensure that plan assets will be sufficient to pay
plan benefits when due. As part of this ongoing evaluation, Exelon may make changes to its targeted asset allocation and
investment strategy .
Exelon has developed and implemented a liability hedging investment strategy for its qualified pension plans that has reduced the
volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. Exelon is likely to continue to gradually increase the liability hedging
portfolio as the funded status of its plans improves. The overall objective is to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns that will
balance the liquidity requirements of the plans’  liabilities while striving to minimize the risk of significant losses. Trust assets for
Exelon’ s OPEB plans are managed in a diversified investment strategy that prioritizes maximizing liquidity and returns while
minimizing asset volatility .
272
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Actual asset returns have an impact on the costs reported for the Exelon-sponsored pension and OPEB plans. The actual asset
returns across Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 7.21% and 9.54%, respectively ,
compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00% and 6.46%, respectively . Exelon used an EROA  of 7.00% and
6.44% to estimate its 2022 pension and OPEB costs, respectively .
Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan target asset allocations as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Asset Category Pension Benefits OPEB Pension Benefits OPEB
Equity securities 35 % 44 % 34 % 45 %
Fixed income securities 41 % 41 % 43 % 39 %
Alternative investments 24 % 15 % 23 % 16 %
Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 100 %
__________
(a)Alternative investments include private equity, hedge funds, real estate, and private credit.
Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Exelo n evaluated its pension and OPEB plans’  asset portfolios for the existence of significant
concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2021. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to,
investment concentrations in a single entity , type of industry , foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2021, there
were no significant concentrations (defined as greater than 10% of plan assets) of risk in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan assets.(a)
273
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present pension and OPEB plan assets measured and recorded at fair value in Exelon's Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Pension plan assets
Cash equivalents $ 445 $ 156 $ — $ — $ 601 $ 408 $ 121 $ — $ — $ 529 
Equities 4,621 — 3 2,180 6,804 4,255 — 2 2,552 6,809 
Fixed income:
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 1,716 302 — — 2,018 1,137 367 — — 1,504 
State and
municipal debt — 80 — — 80 — 85 — — 85 
Corporate debt — 4,319 557 — 4,876 — 4,873 573 — 5,446 
Other 74 276 20 515 885 — 239 21 537 797 
Fixed income subtotal 1,790 4,977 577 515 7,859 1,137 5,564 594 537 7,832 
Private equity — — — 1,924 1,924 — — — 1,632 1,632 
Hedge funds — — — 1,325 1,325 — — — 1,314 1,314 
Real estate — — — 1,301 1,301 — — — 1,080 1,080 
Private credit — — 223 1,033 1,256 — — 234 1,046 1,280 
Pension plan assets
subtotal 6,856 5,133 803 8,278 21,070 5,800 5,685 830 8,161 20,476 
OPEB plan assets
Cash equivalents 84 64 — — 148 50 52 — — 102 
Equities 605 3 — 506 1,114 618 2 — 569 1,189 
Fixed income:
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 22 68 — — 90 16 66 — — 82 
State and
municipal debt — 11 — — 11 — 89 — — 89 
Corporate debt — 116 — — 116 — 89 — — 89 
Other 348 7 — 212 567 285 3 — 179 467 
Fixed income subtotal 370 202 — 212 784 301 247 — 179 727 
Hedge funds — — — 273 273 — — — 308 308 
Real estate — — — 134 134 — — — 111 111 
Private credit — — — 131 131 — — — 117 117 
OPEB plan assets
subtotal 1,059 269 — 1,256 2,584 969 301 — 1,284 2,554 
Total pension and OPEB
plan assets $ 7,915 $ 5,402 $ 803 $ 9,534 $23,654 $ 6,769 $ 5,986 $ 830 $ 9,445 $23,030 
__________
(a)See Note 18—Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy.
(b)Includes derivative instruments of $(3) million and $2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which have total
notional amounts of $5,959 million and $6,879 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these
instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume(a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(a)
(c)
(d)
274
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the amount of the company’s exposure to credit or market loss.
(c)Includes investments in equities sold short held in investment vehicles primarily to hedge the equity option component of its convertible debt.
Pension equities sold short totaled $(75) million and $(96) million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. OPEB equities sold short
totaled $(28) million and $(42) million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(d)Excludes net liabilities of $226 million and $132 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which include certain derivative assets
that have notional amounts of $214 million and $239 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These items are required to
reconcile to the fair value of net plan assets and consist primarily of receivables or payables related to pending securities sales and purchases,
interest and dividends receivable, and repurchase agreement obligations. The repurchase agreements generally have maturities ranging from 3-
6 months.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities for Exelon measured at fair value for pension and
OPEB plans for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:
Fixed Income EquitiesPrivate
Credit Total
Pension Assets
Balance as of January 1, 2021 $ 594 $ 2 $ 234 $ 830 
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held as of the
reporting date (21) — 31 10 
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 17 — 9 26 
Settlements (20) — (51) (71)
Transfers into Level 3 7 1 — 8 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 577 $ 3 $ 223 $ 803 
Fixed Income EquitiesPrivate
Credit Total
Pension Assets
Balance as of January 1, 2020 $ 245 $ 5 $ 237 $ 487 
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held as of the
reporting date 19 (3) 15 31 
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 34 — 24 58 
Settlements (3) — (42) (45)
Transfers into Level 3 299 — — 299 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 594 $ 2 $ 234 $ 830 
__________
(a)Represents cash settlements only.
(b)In 2020, a contract was terminated for a certain fixed income commingled fund resulting in the ownership of certain fixed income securities
which led to a transfer into Level 3 from not subject to leveling of $299 million.
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
The techniques used to fair value the pension and OPEB assets invested in cash equivalents, equities, fixed income, derivatives,
private equit y, real estate, and private credit investments are the same as the valuation techniques for these types of investments in
NDT funds. See Cash Equivalents and NDT Fund Investments in Note 18 - Fair Value of Finan cial Assets and Liabilities for further
information.
Pension and OPEB assets also include investm ents in hedge funds. Hedge fund investments include those that employ a broad
range of strategies to enhance returns and provide additional diversification. The fair value of hedge funds is determined using NAV
or its equiva lent as a practical expedient, and therefore, hedge funds are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . Exelon has the
ability to redeem these investments at NAV or its equivalent subject to certain restrictions which may include a lock-up period or a
gate.(a)
(a)
(b)
275
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Defined Contribution Savings Plan (All Registrants)
The Registr ants participate in various 401(k) defined contribution savings plans that are sponsored by Exelon. The plans are
qualified under applicable sections of the IRC and allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in
accordance with specified guidelines. All Regis trants match a percentage of the employee contributions up to certain limits. The
following table presents matching contributions to the savings plan for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019:
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2021 $ 143 $ 35 $ 12 $ 12 14 $ 4 $ 3 $ 2 
2020 158 36 12 13 14 4 3 3 
2019 161 35 11 12 13 3 3 2 
16. Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, interest rate risk, and foreign exchange risk related to
ongoing business operations.
Authoritative guidance requires that derivative instruments be recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value, with changes in
fair value of the derivative recognized in earnings immediately . Other accounting treatments are available through special election
and designa tion, provide d they meet specific, restrictive criteria both at the time of designatio n and on an ongoing basis. These
alternative permissible accounting treatments include NPNS, cash flow hedges, and fair value hedges. Generation's and ComEd's
derivative economic hedges related to commodi ties, referred to as economic hedges, are recorded at fair value through earnings at
Exelon for Generation's  economic hedges and for ComEd's economic hedges are offset by a corresponding regulatory asset or
liability . For all NPNS derivative instruments, accounts receivable or accounts payable are recorded when derivatives settle and
revenue or expense is recognized in earnings as the underlying physical commodity is sold or consumed.
Authoritative guidance about offsetting assets and liabilities requires the fair value of derivative instruments to be shown in the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on a gross basis, even when the derivati ve instruments are subject to legally
enforceable master netting agreements and qualify for net presentation in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A master netting
agreement is an agreement between two counterparties that may have derivative and non-derivative contracts with each other
providing for the net settlement of all referenced contracts via one payment stream, which takes place as the contracts deliver , when
collateral is requested or in the event of default. In the tables below , which present fair value balances, Generation’ s energy-related
economic hedges and proprietary trading derivat ives are shown gross. The impact of the netting of fair value balances with the same
counterparty that are subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements, as well as netting  of cash collateral, including margin
on exchange positions, is aggregated in the collateral and netting columns.
Generation’ s and ComEd’ s use of cash collateral is generally unrestricted unless Generation or ComEd are downgraded below
investment grade. Cash collateral held by PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE must be depo sited in an unaffiliated major U.S.
commercial bank or foreign bank with a U.S. branch of fice that meet certain qualifications.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Each of the Registrants employ established policies and procedures to manage their risks associated with market fluctuations in
commodity prices by entering into physical and financial derivative contracts, including swaps, futures, forwards, options, and short-
term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and commodity products. The Registrants believe these instruments,
which are either determined to be non-derivative  or classified as economic hedges, mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity
prices.
Generation. To the extent the amoun t of energy Generation  produces differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell,
Exelon is exposed to market fluctuations in the prices of electricity , fossil fuels, and other commodities. Within Exelon, Generation
has the most exposure to commodity price risk. As such, Generation
276
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
uses a variety of derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage the commodity price risk of its electric generation facilities,
including power and gas sales, fuel and power purchases, natural gas transportation and pipeline capacity agreements, and other
energy-related products marketed and purchased. To manage these risks, Generation may enter into fixed-price derivative or non-
derivative contracts to hedge the variability in future cash flows from expected sales of power and gas and purchases of power and
fuel. The objectives for executing such hedges include fixing the price for a portion of anticipated future electricity sales at a level
that provide s an acceptable return. Generation is also exposed to differences between the locational settlement prices of certain
economic hedges and the hedged generating units. This price difference is actively managed through other instruments which
include derivative congestion products, whose changes in fair value are recognized in earnings each period, and auction revenue
rights, which are accounted for on an accrual basis.
Additionally , Generation is exposed to certain market risks through its proprietary trading activities. The proprietary trading activities
are a comple ment to Generation’ s energy marketing portfolio but represent a small portion of Generation’ s overall energy marketing
activities and are subject to limits established by Exelon’ s RMC.
Utility Regi strants.  The Utility Registrants procure electric and natural gas supply through a competitive procurement process
approved by each of the respective state utility  commissions. The Utility Registrants’  hedging  programs are intended to reduce
exposure to energy and natural gas price volatility and have no direct earnings impact as the costs are fully recovered from
customers through regulatory-approved recovery mechanisms. The following table provides a summary of the Utility Registrants’
primary derivative hedging instruments, listed by commodity and accounting treatment.
Registrant Commodity Accounting Treatment Hedging Instrument
ComEd Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts based on all requirements in the IPA
procurement plans.
Electricity Changes in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liability20-year floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts beginning June 2012
based on the renewable energy resource procurement requirements
in the Illinois Settlement Legislation of approximately 1.3 million
MWhs per year.
PECO Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for default supply requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNS Fixed price contracts to cover about 10% of planned natural gas
purchases in support of projected firm sales.
BGE Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNS Fixed price contracts for between 10-20% of forecasted system
supply requirements for flowing (i.e., non-storage) gas for the
November through March period.
Pepco Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
DPL Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNS Fixed and index priced contracts through full requirements contracts.
Changes in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liabilityExchange traded future contracts for up to 50% of estimated
monthly purchase requirements each month, including purchases for
storage injections.
ACE Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all BGS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
_________
(a)See Note 3—Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(b)The fair value of the DPL economic hedge is not material as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and is not presented in the fair value tables below.(a)
(b)
277
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
The following tables provide a summary of the derivative fair value balances recorded by Exelo n and ComEd as of December 31,
2021 and 2020:
Exelon ComEd
December 31, 2021Economic
HedgesProprietary
TradingCollateralNetting TotalEconomic
Hedges
Mark-to-market derivative assets (current
assets) $10,915  $ 25 $ 152 $(8,923 )$ 2,169  $ — 
Mark-to-market derivative assets (noncurrent
assets) 3,224  2 15 (2,298 ) 943 — 
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 14,139  27 167 (11,221 ) 3,112  — 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current
liabilities) (10,161 ) (19) 262 8,923  (995) (18)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent
liabilities) (3,094 ) (1) 83 2,298  (714) (201)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (13,255 ) (20) 345 11,221  (1,709 ) (219)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets
(liabilities) $ 884 $ 7 $ 512 $ — $ 1,403  $ (219)
December 31, 2020
Mark-to-market derivative assets (current
assets) $ 2,757  $ 40 $ 103 $(2,261 )$ 639 $ — 
Mark-to-market derivative assets (noncurrent
assets) 1,501  4 64 (1,015 ) 554 — 
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 4,258  44 167 (3,276 ) 1,193  — 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current
liabilities) (2,662 ) (23) 131 2,261  (293) (33)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent
liabilities) (1,603 ) (2) 118 1,015  (472) (268)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (4,265 ) (25) 249 3,276  (765) (301)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets
(liabilities) $ (7)$ 19 $ 416 $ — $ 428 $ (301)
_________
(a)Exelon nets all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance in the balance sheet. These amounts include unrealized
derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral. In some cases,
Exelon may have other offsetting exposures, subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such as trade receivables and payables,
transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, letters of credit, and other forms of non-cash collateral. These amounts are not material as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020 and not reflected in the table above.
(b)Includes $897 million held and $209 million posted of variation margin with the exchanges as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Economic Hedges (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, Exelon recognized the following net pre-tax commodity
mark-to-market gains (losses) which are also located in the Net fair value changes related to derivatives line in the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows.
Gain (Loss)
Income Statement Location 2021 2020 2019
Operating revenues $ (635)$ 112 $ — 
Purchased power and fuel 1,206  168 (204)
Total $ 571 $ 280 $ (204)(a)(b) (a)
278
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions that have not been hedged. For merchant revenues not already hedged via
comprehensive state programs, such as the CMC in Illinois, we utilize a three-year ratable sales plan to align our hedging strategy
with our financial objectives. The prompt three-year merchant revenues are hedged on an approximate rolling 90%/60%/30% basis.
We may also enter into transactions that are outside of this ratable hedging program.
Proprietary T rading (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation also execute s commodity derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. Proprietary trading includes all contracts executed
with the intent of benefiting from shifts or changes in market prices as opposed to those executed with the intent of hedging or
managing risk. Gains and losses associated with proprietary trading are reported as Operating revenues in Exelon’ s Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are included in the Net fair value changes related to derivatives line in
the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, net pre-tax commodity
mark-to-market gains and losses for Exelon were not material. The Utility Registrants do not execute derivatives for proprietary
trading purposes.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (Exelon)
Generation utilizes interest rate swaps to mana ge its interest rate exposure and foreign curre ncy derivatives to manage foreign
exchange rate exposure associated with interna tional commodity purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, both of which are
treated as economic hedges. The notional amounts were $486 million and $665 million for Exelon as of December 31, 2021 and
2020, respectively .
The mark-to-market derivative assets and liabiliti es as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the mark-to-market gains and losses for
the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 were not material for Exelon.
Credit Risk (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties on executed derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date.
Generation.  For commodity deriva tives, Generation enters into enabling agreements that allow for payment netting with its
counterparties, which reduces Generation’ s exposure to counterparty risk by providing for the offset of amounts payable to the
counterparty against amounts receivable from the counterparty . Typically , each enabling agreement is for a specific commodity and
so, with respect to each  individual counterparty , netting is limited to transactions involving that specific commodity product, except
where master netting agreements exist with a counterparty that allow for cross product netting. In addition to payment netting
language in the enablin g agreement, Generation’ s credit department establishes credit limits, margining thresholds and collateral
requirements for each counterparty , which are defined in the derivative contracts. Counterparty credit limits are based on an internal
credit review  process that considers a variety of factors, including the results of a scoring model, leverage, liquidity , profitability , credit
ratings by credit rating agencies, and risk management capabilities. To the extent that a coun terparty’ s margining thresholds are
exceeded, the counterparty is required to post collateral with Generation as specified in each enabling agreement. Generation’ s
credit depar tment monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an
aggregate basis.
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, NPNS, and payables and
receivables, net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as of December 31, 2021. The tables
further delin eate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the concentration of credit risk to
individual counterparties. The amounts in the tables below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail counterparties, nuclear
fuel procurement contracts, and exposure through R TOs, ISOs, NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX, and Nodal commodity exchanges.
279
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
Rating as of December 31, 2021Total
Exposure
Before Credit
CollateralCredit
CollateralNet
ExposureNumber of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net ExposureNet Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 715 $ 176 $ 539 1 $ 106 
Non-investment grade 13 — 13 — — 
No external ratings
Internally rated — investment
grade 111 — 111 — — 
Internally rated — non-investment
grade 226 47 179 — — 
Total $ 1,065  $ 223 $ 842 1 $ 106 
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty As of December 31, 2021
Financial institutions $ 32 
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 711 
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 62 
Other 37 
Total $ 842 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2021, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $163 million of cash and
$60 million of letters of credit. The credit collateral does not include non-liquid collateral.
Utility Registrants.  The Utility Registrants have contracts to procure electric and natural gas supply that provide suppliers with a
certain amount of unsecured credit. If the expos ure on the supply contract exceeds the amoun t of unsecured credit, the suppliers
may be required to post collateral. The net credit exposure is mitigated primarily by the ability to recover procurement costs through
customer rates. As of December 31, 2021, the amount of cash collateral held with external counterparties by ComEd and DPL was
$41 million and $43 million, respectively , which is recorded in Other  current liabilities in ComEd’ s and DPL’s Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The amounts for PECO, BGE, Pepco, and ACE as of December 31, 2021 and for the Utility Registrants as of December 31,
2020 are not material.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features (All Registrants)
Generation. As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physically or financially settled contracts for
the purchase and sale of electric capacity , electricity , fuels, emissions allowances, and other energy-related products. Certain of
Generation’ s derivative instruments contain provisions that require Generation to post collateral. Generation also enters into
commodity transactions on exchanges where the exchanges act as the counterparty to each trade. Transactions on the exchanges
must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. This collateral may be posted in the form of cash or credit
support with thresholds contingent upon Generation’ s credit rating from each of the major credit  rating agencies. The collateral and
credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty . These credit-risk related contingent features stipulate that if
Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be
required to provide additional collateral. This incremental collateral requirement allows for the offsetting of derivative instruments that
are assets with the same counterparty , where the contractual right of offset exists under applicabl e master netting agreements. In the
absence of expressly agreed-to provisions that specify the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of
the facts and circumsta nces of the situation at the time of the demand. In this case, Genera tion believes an amount of several
months of future payme nts (i.e., capacity paym ents) rather than a calculation of fair value is the best estimate for the contingent
collateral obligation, which has been factored into the disclosure below .
The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features in a liability position that are not fully
collateralized (excluding transactions on the exchanges that are fully collateralized) is detailed in the table below:(a)
280
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
As of December 31,
Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features 2021 2020
Gross fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature $ (3,872 )$ (834)
Offsetting fair value of in-the-money contracts under master netting arrangements 2,424  537 
     Net fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature $ (1,448 )$ (297)
__________
(a)Amount represents the gross fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk-related contingent features ignoring the
effects of master netting agreements.
(b)Amount represents the offsetting fair value of in-the-money derivative contracts under legally enforceable master netting agreements with the
same counterparty, which reduces the amount of any liability for which Generation could potentially be required to post collateral.
(c)Amount represents the net fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk related contingent features after considering
the mitigating effects of offsetting positions under master netting arrangements and reflects the actual net liability upon which any potential
contingent collateral obligations would be based.
As of Decem ber 31, 2021 and 2020, Generation posted or held the following amounts of cash collateral and letters of credit on
derivative contracts with external counterparties, after giving consideration to offsetting derivative and non-derivative positions under
master netting agreements.
As of December 31,
2021 2020
Cash collateral posted $ 713 $ 511 
Letters of credit posted 755 226 
Cash collateral held 182 110 
Letters of credit held 124 40 
Additional collateral required in the event of a credit downgrade below investment
grade 2,113  1,432  
Generation entered into supply forward contracts with certain utilities, including the Utility Registrants, with one-sided collateral
postings only from Gene ration. If market prices fall below the benchmark price levels in these contracts, the utilities are not required
to post collateral. However , when market prices rise above the benchmark price levels, counterparty suppliers, including Generation,
are required to post collateral once certain unsecured credit limits are exceeded.
Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants’  electric supply procurement contracts do not contain provisions that would require them to post collateral.
PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL’s natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require PECO, BGE, and DPL to post
collateral in the form of cash or credit support, which vary by contract and counterparty , with thresholds contingent upon PECO’ s,
BGE's, and DPL’s credit rating. As of December 31, 2021, PECO, BGE, and DPL were not requir ed to post collateral for any of these
agreements. If PECO, BGE, or DPL lost their investment grade credit rating as of Decembe r 31, 2021, they could have been
required to post incremental collateral to their counterparties of $ 37 million, $ 78 million, and $ 14 million, respectively .
17. Debt and Credit Agreements (All Registrants)
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper . PECO meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from
the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the
issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-term liquidity
requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. The
Registrants may(a)
(b)
(c)
281
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
use their respective credit facilities for general  corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the
issuance of letters of credit.
Commercial Paper
The following table reflects the Registrants' commercial paper programs supported by the revolving credit agreements and bilateral
credit agreements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
Maximum
Program Size at
December 31,Outstanding
Commercial
Paper at
December 31,Average Interest Rate on
Commercial Paper Borrowings at
December 31,
Commercial Paper Issuer 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020
Exelon $ 9,000  $ 9,000  $ 1,301  $ 1,031  0.52 % 0.25 %
ComEd 1,000  1,000  — 323 — % 0.23 %
PECO 600 600 — — — % — %
BGE 600 600 130 — 0.37 % — %
PHI 900 900 469 368 0.35 % 0.24 %
Pepco 300 300 175 35 0.33 % 0.22 %
DPL 300 300 149 146 0.36 % 0.24 %
ACE 300 300 145 187 0.35 % 0.25 %
__________
(a)Excludes $1,200 million and $1,500 million in bilateral credit facilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and $131 million and
$144 million in credit facilities for project finance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These credit facilities do not back the
commercial paper program relating to Generation.
(b)As of December 31, 2021, excludes $142 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks, including $33 million,
$33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8 million, at ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, respectively. These facilities expire
on October 7, 2022. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. As of December 31, 2020, excludes $135 million of credit facility
agreements arranged primarily at minority and community banks, including $32 million, $33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8
million, at ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, respectively.
(c)Pepco, DPL, and ACE's revolving credit facility has the ability to flex to $500 million, $500 million, and $350 million, respectively. The borrowing
capacity may be increased or decreased during the term of the facility, except that (i) the sum of the borrowing capacity must equal the total
amount of the facility, and (ii) the aggregate amount of credit used at any given time by each of Pepco, DPL, or ACE may not exceed $900
million or the maximum amount of short-term debt the company is permitted to have outstanding by its regulatory authorities. The total number
of the borrowing reallocations may not exceed eight per year during the term of the facility.
(d)Includes revolving credit agreement at Exelon Corporate with a maximum program size of $600 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
Exelon Corporate had no outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
(e)Represents the consolidated amounts of Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
In order to maintain their respective commercial paper programs in the amounts indicated abov e, each Registrant must have credit
facilities in place, at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper program. A registrant does not issue commercial paper in an
aggregate amount exceeding the then available capacity under its credit facility .(a)(b)(c) (a)(b)(c)
(d)
(e)
282
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
As of December 31, 2021, the Registrants had the following aggregate bank commitments, credit facility borrowings, and available
capacity under their respective credit facilities:
Available Capacity as of December
31, 2021
Borrower Facility TypeAggregate Bank
Commitment Facility DrawsOutstanding
Letters of Credit ActualTo Support
Additional
Commercial
Paper
ExelonSyndicated Revolver /
Bilaterals / Project
Finance $ 10,331  $ — $ 2,383  $ 7,948  $ 6,461  
ComEd Syndicated Revolver 1,000  — 2 998 998 
PECO Syndicated Revolver 600 — — 600 600 
BGE Syndicated Revolver 600 — — 600 470 
PHI Syndicated Revolver 900 — — 900 431 
Pepco Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 125 
DPL Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 151 
ACE Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 155 
__________
(a)On February 1, 2022, Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registrants' respective syndicated revolving credit facilities were replaced with a new 5-
year revolving credit facility.
(b)As of December 31, 2021, excludes $142 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks, including $33 million,
$33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8 million, at ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, respectively. These facilities expire
on October 7, 2022. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. As of December 31, 2021, letters of credit issued under these
facilities totaled $5 million, $1 million, and $2 million for ComEd, PECO, and BGE, respectively.
(c)Includes $600 million aggregate bank commitment related to Exelon Corporate. Exelon Corporate had $6 million outstanding letters of credit as
of December 31, 2021. Exelon Corporate had $594 million in available capacity to support additional commercial paper as of December 31,
2021.
Revolving Credit Agreements
On February 1, 2022, Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registrants each entered into a new 5-year revolving credit facility that
replaced its existing syndicated revolving credit facility . The following table reflects the credit agreements:
Borrower Aggregate Bank Commitment Interest Rate
Exelon Corporate $ 900 SOFR plus 1.275  %
ComEd 1,000  SOFR plus 1.000  %
PECO 600 SOFR plus 0.900  %
BGE 600 SOFR plus 0.900  %
Pepco 300 SOFR plus 1.075  %
DPL 300 SOFR plus 1.000  %
ACE 300 SOFR plus 1.075  %(a) (b) (c)
(c)
283
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Bilateral Credit Agreements
The following table reflects the bilateral credit agreements as of December 31, 2021:
Subsidiary Date Initiated  Latest Amendment Date Maturity Date  Amount
Generation January 11, 2013 March 1, 2021 March 1, 2023 $ 100 
Generation January 5, 2016 April 2, 2021 April 5, 2023 150
Generation February 21, 2019 March 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 100
Generation October 25, 2019 N/A N/A 200
Generation November 20, 2019 N/A N/A 300
Generation November 21, 2019 N/A N/A 150
Generation November 21, 2019 November 21, 2021 November 21, 2022 100
Generation May 15, 2020 N/A N/A 100
__________
(a)Credit facilities that do not contain a maturity date are specific to the agreements set within each contract. In some instances, credit facilities are
automatically renewed based on the contingency standards set within the specific agreement.
(b)Bilateral credit agreements solely support the issuance of letters of credit and do not back the commercial paper program relating to Generation.
(c)The bilateral credit agreement was terminated on January 31, 2022.
(d)On February 9, 2022, the bilateral credit agreement increased to $200 million.
Borrowings under Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's revolving credit agreements bear interest at a
rate based upon either the prime rate or a LIBOR -based rate, plus an adder based upon the particular Registrant’ s credit rating. The
adders for the prime based borrowings and LIBOR-based borrowings are presented in the following table:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Prime based borrowings 0 - 27.5 — — — 7.5 — 7.5 
LIBOR-based borrowings 90.0 - 127.5 100.0 90.0 90.0 107.5 100.0 107.5 
__________
(a)Includes interest rate adders at Exelon Corporate of 27.5 basis points and 127.5 basis points for prime and LIBOR-based borrowings,
respectively.
If any registrant loses its investment grade rating , the maximum adders for prime rate borrowings  and LIBOR-based rate borrowings
would be 65 basis point s and 165 basis points, respectively . The credit agreements also requir e the borrower to pay a facility fee
based upon the aggregate commitments. The fee varies depending upon the respective credit ratings of the borrower .
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a term loan agreement for $500 million. The loan agreement was renewed on
March 17, 2021 and will expire on March 16, 2022. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.65% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecure d. The loan agreement is reflected in Short-
term borrowings in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet.
On March 24, 2021, Exelon Corporate entered into a 9-month term loan agreement for $200 million. Pursuant to the loan agreement,
loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.65% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured.
Exelon Corporate repaid the term loan on December 22, 2021.
On March 31, 2021, Exelon Corporate entered into a 9-month and 364-day term loan agreement for $150 million each with variable
interest rates of LIBOR plus 0.65% and expiration dates of December 31, 2021 and March 30, 2022, respectively . The 364-day loan
agreement is reflected in Short-term borrowings in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet. Exelon Corporate repaid the 9-month term
loan on December 29, 2021.
In connection with the separation, on January 24, 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for
$1.15 billion. The loan agreement will expire on January 23, 2023. Pursuant to the loan(a)
(b)(c)
(b)
(b)(c)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)(d)
(a)
284
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
agreement, loans made thereunder bear interes t at a variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.75% and all indebtedness thereunder is
unsecured.
On March 19, 2020, Generation entered into a term loan agreement for $200 million. The loan agreement was renewed on March
17, 2021 and will expire on March 16, 2022. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereu nder bear interest at a variable rate
equal to LIBOR plus 0.875 % and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecu red. The loan agreement is reflected in Short-term
borrowings in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet. In connection with the separation, Generation repaid the term loan on January
26, 2022.
On March 31, 2020, Generation entered into a term loan agreement for $300 million. The loan agreement was renewed on March
30, 2021 and will expire on March 29, 2022. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereu nder bear interest at a variable rate
equal to LIBOR plus 0.70% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured . The loan agreement is reflected in Short-term borrowings
in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet.
On August 6, 2021, Generation entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for $880 million to fund the purchase of EDF's equity
interest in CENG. Pursu ant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate of LIBOR plus 0.875 %
until March 31, 2022 and a rate of LIBOR plus 1% thereafter and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is
reflected in Short-term borrowings in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet. The loan agreement  was amended on January 24, 2022
to change the maturity date to June 30, 2022 from August 5, 2022. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for
additional information.
On January 25, 2021, ComEd entered into two 90-day term loan agreements of $125 millio n each with variable interest rates of
LIBOR plus 0.50% and LIBOR plus 0.75%, respectively . ComEd repaid the term loans on March 9, 2021.
Variable Rate Demand Bonds
DPL has outstanding obligations in respect of Variable Rate Demand Bonds (VRDB). VRDB s are subject to repayment on the
demand of the holders and, for this reason, are accounted for as short-term debt in accordance with GAAP . However , these bonds
may be converted to a fixed-rate, fixed-term option to establish a maturity which corresponds  to the date of final maturity of the
bonds. On this basis, PHI views VRDBs as a source of long-term financing. As of both December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020,
$79 million in variable rate demand bonds issued by DPL were outstanding and are included in the Long-term debt due within one
year in Exelon's, PHI's, and DPL's Consolidated Balance Sheet.
285
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Long-T erm Debt 
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt at the Registrants as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
Exelon
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 0.14 %- 7.90 % 2022 - 2051 $ 20,751  $18,915  
Senior unsecured notes 3.25 %- 7.60 % 2022 - 2050 10,285  10,585  
Unsecured notes 2.25 %- 6.35 % 2022 - 2050 4,000  3,700  
Notes payable and other 1.64 %- 7.49 % 2022 - 2053 189 170 
Junior subordinated notes 3.50 % 2022 1,150  1,150  
Long-term software licensing agreement 3.62 %- 3.95 % 2024 - 2025 9 30 
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 0.12 %- 1.70 % 2022 - 2024 143 143 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Transition bonds 5.55 % 2021 — 21 
Loan agreement 2.00 % 2023 50 50 
Nonrecourse debt:
     Fixed rates 2.29 %- 6.00 % 2031 - 2037 909 977 
     Variable rates 2.98 %- 3.50 % 2026 - 2027 870 765 
Total long-term debt 38,366  36,516  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (77) (77)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (262) (248)
Fair value adjustment 670 721 
Long-term debt due within one year (3,373 ) (1,819 )
Long-term debt $ 35,324  $35,093  
Long-term debt to financing trusts
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III 6.35 % 2033 $ 206 $ 206 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 5.25 %- 7.38 % 2028 81 81 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV 5.75 % 2033 103 103 
Total long-term debt to financing trusts $ 390 $ 390 
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets other than expressly excepted property and substantially all of PECO’s, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets
are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)On November 16, 2021, DPL entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $125 million at 3.06% due on February 15, 2052.
The closing date of the issuance occurred on February 15, 2022.
(c)On November 16, 2021, ACE entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $25 million and $150 million at 2.27% and 3.06%
due on February 15, 2032 and February 15, 2052, respectively. The closing date of the issuance occurred on February 15, 2022.
(d)In connection with the separation, Exelon Corporate entered into three 18-month term loan agreements. On January 21, 2022, two of the loan
agreements were issued for $300 million each with an expiration date of July 21, 2023. On January 24, 2022, the third loan agreement was
issued for $250 million with an expiration date of July 24, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65%.
(e)Amounts owed to these financing trusts are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.(a)(b)(c)
(d)
(e)
286
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
ComEd
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.20 %- 6.45 % 2024 - 2051 $ 9,879  $ 9,079  
Other 7.49 % 2053 8 8 
Total long-term debt 9,887  9,087  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (27) (28)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (87) (76)
Long-term debt due within one year — (350)
Long-term debt $ 9,773  $ 8,633  
Long-term debt to financing trust
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III 6.35 % 2033 $ 206 $ 206 
Total long-term debt to financing trusts 206 206 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (1) (1)
Long-term debt to financing trusts $ 205 $ 205 
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets, other than expressly excepted property, are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amount owed to this financing trust is recorded as Long-term debt to financing trust within ComEd’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
PECO
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.38 %- 5.95 % 2022 - 2051 $ 4,200  $ 3,750  
Loan agreement 2.00 % 2023 50 50 
Total long-term debt 4,250  3,800  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (20) (20)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (33) (27)
Long-term debt due within one year (350) (300)
Long-term debt $ 3,847  $ 3,453  
Long-term debt to financing trusts
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 5.25 %- 7.38 % 2028 $ 81 $ 81 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV 5.75 % 2033 103 103 
Long-term debt to financing trusts $ 184 $ 184 
__________
(a)Substantially all of PECO’s assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amounts owed to this financing trust are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within PECO’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
287
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
BGE
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
Unsecured notes 2.25 %- 6.35 % 2022 - 2050 $ 4,000  $ 3,700  
Total long-term debt 4,000  3,700  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (12) (12)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (27) (24)
Long-term debt due within one year (250) (300)
Long-term debt $ 3,711  $ 3,364  
PHI
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 0.14 %- 7.90 % 2022 - 2051 $ 6,672  $ 6,086  
Senior unsecured notes 7.45 % 2032 185 185 
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 0.12 %- 1.70 % 2022 - 2024 143 143 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Transition bonds 5.55 % 2021 — 21 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2022 - 2029 74 50 
Other 7.28 %- 7.49 % 2022 — 1 
Total long-term debt 7,084  6,496  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 4 4 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (36) (28)
Fair value adjustment 495 534 
Long-term debt due within one year (399) (347)
Long-term debt $ 7,148  $ 6,659  
_________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)The amount in the Other category was less than 1 million as of December 31, 2021.
Pepco
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.32 %- 7.90 % 2022 - 2051 $ 3,350  $ 3,075  
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 1.70 % 2022 110 110 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2025 - 2029 26 17 
Other 7.28 %- 7.49 % 2022 — 1 
Total long-term debt 3,486  3,203  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 2 2 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (43) (40)
Long-term debt due within one year (313) (3)
Long-term debt $ 3,132  $ 3,162  
________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)The amount in the Other category was less than 1 million as of December 31, 2021.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
288
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
DPL
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 0.14 %- 4.27 % 2023 - 2051 $ 1,749  $ 1,624  
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 0.12 %- 0.13 % 2024 33 33 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2025 - 2029 29 20 
Total long-term debt 1,821  1,687  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net — 1 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (11) (11)
Long-term debt due within one year (83) (82)
Long-term debt $ 1,727  $ 1,595  
__________
(a)Substantially all of DPL's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)On November 16, 2021, DPL entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $125 million at 3.06% due on February 15, 2052.
The closing date of the issuance occurred on February 15, 2022.
ACE
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.25 %- 5.80 % 2024 - 2050 $ 1,573  $ 1,387  
Transition bonds 5.55 % 2021 — 21 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2022 - 2029 19 13 
Total long-term debt 1,592  1,421  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (1) (1)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (9) (7)
Long-term debt due within one year (3) (261)
Long-term debt $ 1,579  $ 1,152  
__________
(a)Substantially all of ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)On November 16, 2021, ACE entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $25 million and $150 million at 2.27% and 3.06%
due on February 15, 2032 and February 15, 2052, respectively. The closing date of the issuance occurred on February 15, 2022.
Long-term debt maturities at the Registrants in the periods 2022 through 2026 and thereafter are as follows:
Year Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2022 $ 3,373  $ — $ 350 $ 250  $ 399 $ 313 $ 83 $ 3 
2023 865 — 50 300  512 4 505 3 
2024 818 250 — —  562 404 5 153 
2025 2,223  — 350 —  162 4 5 153 
2026 1,725  500 — 350  11 4 4 3 
Thereafter 29,752  9,342  3,684  3,100  5,438  2,757  1,219  1,277  
Total $38,756   $10,092  $ 4,434  $ 4,000  $ 7,084  $ 3,486  $ 1,821  $ 1,592  
__________
(a)Includes $390 million due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Includes $206 million due to ComEd financing trust.
(c)Includes $184 million due to PECO financing trusts.(a)(b)
(a)(b)
(a) (b) (c)
289
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Long-T erm Debt to Affiliates
In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger , Exelon and subsidiaries of
Generation (former Constellation subsidiaries) entered into intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the
third-party debt obligations of Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate from Generation. As of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon Corporate had $319 million and $324 million, respectively , recorded to intercompany notes
receivable from Generation. In connection with the separation, on January 31, 2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from
Generation of $ 258 million to settle the intercompany loan.
Debt Covenants
As of December 31, 2021, the Registrants are in compliance with debt covenants.
Nonrecourse Debt 
Exelon, through Generation, has issued nonrecourse debt financing, in which approximately $2 billion of generating assets have
been pledge d as collateral as of December 31, 2021. Borrowings under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of
each respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon in the event of a default. If a specific project financing
entity does not maintai n compliance with its specific nonrecourse debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement to
accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than the stated maturit y dates. In these instances, if such
repayment was not satisfied, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific
assets and related collateral. The potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise
anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly
before the end of their useful lives.
Antelope Valley Solar Ranch One. In December 2011, the DOE Loan Programs Office issued a guarantee for up to $646 million
for a nonrecourse loan from the Federal Financing Bank to support the financing of the construction of the Antelope Valley facility .
The project became fully operational in 2014. The loan will mature on January 5, 2037. Interest rates on the loan were fixed upon
each advance at a spread of 37.5 basis points above U.S. Treasuries of comparable maturity . The advances were completed as of
December 31, 2015 and the outstanding loan balance will bear interest at an average blended interest rate of 2.82%. As of
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, approximately $435 million and $460 million were outstanding, respectively . In
addition, letters of credit were issued to support Generation's equity investment in the project with $37 million outstanding as of
December 31, 2021. In December 2017, Exelon’ s interests in Antelope Valley were contributed to and are pledged as collateral for
the CR financing structures referenced below .
Continental Wind, LLC.   In September 2013, Continental Wind, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon, completed the issuance and sale
of $613 million senior secured notes. Continental Wind owns and operates a portfolio of wind farms in Idaho, Kansas, Michigan,
Oregon, New Mexico, and Texas with a total net capacity of 667 MW. The net proceeds were distributed to Gene ration for its general
business purposes. The notes are scheduled to mature on February 28, 2033. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.00% with
interest payable semi-annually . As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, approximately $380 millio n and $415 million
were outstanding, respectively .
In addition, Continental Wind has a $122 million letter of credit facility and $4 million working capital revolver facility . Continental
Wind has issued letters of credit to satisfy certain of its credit support and security obligatio ns. As of December 31, 2021, the
Continental Wind letter of credit facility had $ 115 million in letters of credit outstanding related to the project.
In 2017, Exelon’ s interests in Continental Wind were contributed to CRP. Refer to Note 23 - Variable Interest Entities for additional
information on CRP .
Renewable Power Generation.  In March 2016, RPG, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon, issued $150 million aggregate principal
amount of a nonrecours e senior secured notes . The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for paydown of long term debt
obligations at Sacramento PV Energy and Const ellation Solar Horizons and for general business purposes. The loan is scheduled to
mature on March 31, 2035. The term loan
290
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.11% payable semi-annually . As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, approximately $90
million and $ 95 million were outstanding, respectively .
In 2017, Exelon’ s interests in RPG were contributed to CRP. Refer to Note 23 - Variable Interest Entities for additional information on
CRP.
SolGen, LLC.   In September 2016, SolGen, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon, issued $150 million aggregate principal amount of a
nonrecourse senior secured notes. The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for general business purposes. On December
8, 2020, Generation entered into an agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield Renewable, for the sale of a significant portion of
Generation's solar business. The sale was completed on March 31, 2021 in which the buyer assumed the $125 million outstanding
debt. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information on the sale agreement.
Constellation Renewables.   In November 2017, CR, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon, entered into an $850 millio n nonrecourse
senior secur ed term loan credit facility agreement with a maturity date of November 28, 2024. In addition to the financing, CR
entered into interest rate swaps with an initial notional amount of $636 million at an interest rate of 2.32% to manage a portion of the
interest rate exposure in connection with the financing.
In Decembe r 2020, CR entered into a financing agreement for a $750 million nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility ,
scheduled to mature on December 15, 2027. The term loan bears interest at a variable rate equa l to LIBOR plus 2.50%, subject to a
1% LIBOR floor with interest payable quarterly . In addition to the financing, CR entered into interest rate swaps with an initial
notional amount of $516 million at an interest rate of 1.05% to manage a portion of the interest rate exposure in connection with the
financing.
The proceeds were used  to repay the November 2017 nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility of $850 million, of which
$709 million  was outstanding as of the retirement date in December of 2020, and to settle the Nove mber 2017 interest rate swap.
Exelon’ s interests in CRP  and Antelope Valley remained contributed to and are pledged as collateral for this financing. As of
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, $735 million and $750 million was outstanding , respectively . See Note 23 — Variable
Interest Entities for additional information on CRP  and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on
interest rate swaps.
West Medway II, LLC. On May 13, 2021, West Medway II, LLC (West Medway II), an indirect subsidiary of Exelon, entered into a
financing agreement for a $150 million nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility with a maturity date of March 31, 2026.
The term loan bears interest at an average blended interest rate of LIBOR plus 3%, paid quarterly . In addition to the financing, West
Medway II, entered into interest rate swaps with an initial notional amount of $113 million at an interest rate of 0.61%, paid quarterly ,
to manage a portion of the interest rate exposur e in connection with the financing. The net proceeds were distributed to Generation
for general corporate purposes. Exelon’ s interests in West Medway II, were pledged as collateral for this financing. As of
December 31, 2021, approximately $135 million was outstanding. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional
information on interest rate swaps.
18. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities (All Registrants)
Exelon measures and classifies fair value measurements in accordance with the hierarchy as defined by GAAP . The hierarchy
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels as follows:
•Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Registrants have the
ability to liquidate as of the reporting date.
•Level 2 — inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the asset or liability or
indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.
•Level 3 — unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models or third-party valuations for the asset or
liability due to little or no market activity for the asset or liability .
291
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Fair V alue of Financial Liabilities Recorded at Amortized Cost
The following tables present the carrying amounts and fair values of the Registrants’  short-te rm liabilities, long-term debt, SNF
obligation, and trust preferred securities (long-term debt to financing trusts or junior subordinated debentures) as of December 31,
2021 and 2020. The Registrants have no financial liabilities classified as Level 1.
The carrying amounts of the Registrants’  short-term liabilities as presented in their Consolidated Balance Sheets are representative
of their fair value (Level 2) because of the short-term nature of these instruments.
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Carrying
AmountFair ValueCarrying
AmountFair Value
Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year
Exelon $ 38,697 $ 40,282 $ 3,310 $ 43,592 $ 36,912 $ 40,688 $ 3,064 $ 43,752 
ComEd 9,773 11,305 — 11,305 8,983 11,117 — 11,117 
PECO 4,197 4,740 50 4,790 3,753 4,553 50 4,603 
BGE 3,961 4,406 — 4,406 3,664 4,366 — 4,366 
PHI 7,547 5,970 2,167 8,137 7,006 6,099 1,806 7,905 
Pepco 3,445 3,201 975 4,176 3,165 3,336 748 4,084 
DPL 1,810 1,426 552 1,978 1,677 1,484 455 1,939 
ACE 1,582 1,091 641 1,732 1,413 1,018 602 1,620 
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts
Exelon $ 390 $ — $ 470 $ 470 $ 390 $ — $ 467 $ 467 
ComEd 205 — 248 248 205 — 246 246 
PECO 184 — 222 222 184 — 221 221 
SNF Obligation
Exelon $ 1,210 $ 1,060 $ — $ 1,060 $ 1,208 $ 909 $ — $ 909 
__________
(a) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs, unamortized debt discount and premium, net, purchase accounting fair value adjustments, and finance
lease liabilities which are not fair valued. Refer to Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for unamortized debt issuance costs, unamortized debt
discount and premium, net, and purchase accounting fair value adjustments and Note 11 — Leases for finance lease liabilities.(a)
292
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon uses the following methods and assumptions to estimate fair value of financial liabilities recorded at carrying cost:
Type Level Registrants Valuation
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year
Taxable Debt Securities 2 AllThe fair value is determined by a valuation model that is based on a conventional
discounted cash flow methodology and utilizes assumptions of current market
pricing curves. Exelon obtains credit spreads based on trades of existing Exelon
debt securities as well as other issuers in the utility sector with similar credit
ratings. The yields are then converted into discount rates of various tenors that
are used for discounting the respective cash flows of the same tenor for each
bond or note.
Variable Rate Financing
Debt2 Exelon, DPLDebt rates are reset on a regular basis and the carrying value approximates fair
value.
Taxable Private Placement
Debt Securities3Exelon, Pepco, DPL,
ACERates are obtained similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due to low
trading volume and qualitative factors such as market conditions, low volume of
investors, and investor demand, these debt securities are Level 3.
Government Backed Fixed
Rate Project Financing Debt3 ExelonThe fair value is similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due to the lack
of market trading data on similar debt, the discount rates are derived based on the
original loan interest rate spread to the applicable U.S. Treasury rate as well as a
current market curve derived from government-backed securities.
Non-Government Backed
Fixed Rate Nonrecourse
Debt3 Exelon, PepcoFair value is based on market and quoted prices for its own and other
nonrecourse debt with similar risk profiles. Given the low trading volume in the
nonrecourse debt market, the price quotes used to determine fair value will reflect
certain qualitative factors, such as market conditions, investor demand, new
developments that might significantly impact the project cash flows or off-taker
credit, and other circumstances related to the project.
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts
Long Term Debt to
Financing Trusts3 Exelon, ComEd, PECOFair value is based on publicly traded securities issued by the financing trusts.
Due to low trading volume of these securities and qualitative factors, such as
market conditions, investor demand, and circumstances related to each issue, this
debt is classified as Level 3.
SNF Obligation
SNF Obligation 2 ExelonThe carrying amount is derived from a contract with the DOE to provide for
disposal of SNF from certain of Exelon’s nuclear generating stations. See Note 19
— Commitments and Contingencies for further details. When determining the fair
value of the obligation, the future carrying amount of the SNF obligation is
calculated by compounding the current book value of the SNF obligation at the
13-week U.S. Treasury rate. The compounded obligation amount is discounted
back to present value using Exelon’s discount rate, which is calculated using the
same methodology as described above for the taxable debt securities, and an
estimated maturity date of 2035.
Recurring Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present assets and liabiliti es measured and recorded at fair value in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
293
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon
As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2020
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 643 $ — $ — $ — $ 643 $ 686 $ — $ — $ — $ 686 
NDT fund investments
Cash equivalents 465 116 — — 581 210 95 — — 305 
Equities 4,564 1,805 — 1,645 8,014 3,886 2,077 — 1,562 7,525 
Fixed income
Corporate debt — 1,145 286 — 1,431 — 1,485 285 — 1,770 
U.S. Treasury and
agencies 2,193 30 — — 2,223 1,871 126 — — 1,997 
Foreign
governments — 60 — — 60 — 56 — — 56 
State and municipal
debt — 26 — — 26 — 101 — — 101 
Other 29 23 — 1,449 1,501 — 41 — 961 1,002 
Fixed income subtotal 2,222 1,284 286 1,449 5,241 1,871 1,809 285 961 4,926 
Private credit — — 178 624 802 — — 212 629 841 
Private equity — — — 673 673 — — — 504 504 
Real estate — — — 864 864 — — — 679 679 
NDT fund
investments
subtotal 7,251 3,205 464 5,255 16,175 5,967 3,981 497 4,335 14,780 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 63 — — — 63 60 — — — 60 
Mutual funds 105 — — — 105 91 — — — 91 
Fixed income — 10 — — 10 — 11 — — 11 
Life insurance contracts — 99 38 — 137 — 87 34 — 121 
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal 168 109 38 — 315 151 98 34 — 283 
Investments in equities 43 — — — 43 195 — — — 195 
Commodity derivative assets
Economic hedges 3,017 7,223 3,899 — 14,139 745 1,914 1,599 — 4,258 
Proprietary trading — 19 8 — 27 — 17 27 — 44 
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral(2,108) (6,177) (2,769) — (11,054) (607) (1,597) (905) — (3,109)
Commodity derivative
assets subtotal 909 1,065 1,138 — 3,112 138 334 721 — 1,193 
DPP consideration — 365 — — 365 — 639 — — 639 
Total assets 9,014 4,744 1,640 5,255 20,653 7,137 5,052 1,252 4,335 17,776 
Liabilities
Commodity derivative
liabilities
Economic hedges (2,201) (6,870) (4,184) — (13,255) (682) (1,928) (1,655) — (4,265)
Proprietary trading — (18) (2) — (20) — (21) (4) — (25)
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral2,189 6,642 2,735 — 11,566 540 1,918 1,067 — 3,525 
Commodity derivative
liabilities subtotal (12) (246) (1,451) — (1,709) (142) (31) (592) — (765)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (154) — — (154) — (145) — — (145)
Total liabilities (12) (400) (1,451) — (1,863) (142) (176) (592) — (910)
Total net assets $ 9,002 $ 4,344 $ 189 $ 5,255 $18,790 $ 6,995 $ 4,876 $ 660 $ 4,335 $16,866 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
(g)
(h)
294
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
__________
(a)Excludes cash of $881 million and $409 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and restricted cash of $95 million and $59
million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $44 million and $53 million as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(b)Includes $116 million of cash received from outstanding repurchase agreements as of both December 31, 2021 and 2020, and is offset by an
obligation to repay upon settlement of the agreement as discussed in (e) below.
(c)Includes investments in equities sold short of $(55) million and $(62) million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, held in an
investment vehicle primarily to hedge the equity option component of its convertible debt.
(d)Includes net derivative liabilities of $1 million and net derivative assets of $2 million, which have total notional amounts of $687 million and
$1,043 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one measure of
the transaction volume outstanding as of the periods ended and do not represent the amount of Exelon's exposure to credit or market loss.
(e)Excludes net liabilities of $111 million and $181 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which include certain derivative assets
that have notional amounts of $182 million and $104 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These items consist of
receivables related to pending securities sales, interest and dividend receivables, repurchase agreement obligations, and payables related to
pending securities purchases. The repurchase agreements are generally short-term in nature with durations generally of 30 days or less.
(f)Includes equity investments which were previously designated as equity investments without readily determinable fair values but are now
publicly traded and therefore have readily determinable fair values. The first investment became publicly traded in the fourth quarter of 2020.
The fair value of these investments is recorded in Other current assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the quoted market
prices of the stocks as of the respective balance sheet date. Unrealized (losses)/gains of $(160) million and $186 million were recorded in Other,
net in Exelon's Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively.
(g)Collateral posted/(received) from counterparties, net of collateral paid to counterparties, totaled $81 million, $465 million, and $(34) million
allocated to Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 mark-to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Collateral posted/(received) from
counterparties, net of collateral paid to counterparties, totaled $(67) million, $321 million, and $162 million allocated to Level 1, Level 2, and
Level 3 mark-to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
(h)Includes $897 million held and $209 million posted of variation margin with the exchanges as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
As of December 31, 2021, Exelon has outstanding commitments to invest in private credit, private equity , and real estate
investments of approximately $306 million, $171 million, and $459 million, respectively . These commitments will be funded by the
existing NDT  funds.
Exelon held investments without readily deter minable fair values with carrying amounts of $44 million and $73 million as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . Changes in fair value, cumulative adjustments, and impairments were not material for
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.
ComEd, PECO, and BGE
295
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $237 $ — $ — $237 $ 9 $ — $ — $ 9 $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Rabbi trust investments
Mutual funds — — — — 11 — — 11 14 — — 14 
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 16 — 16 — — — — 
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal — — — — 11 16 — 27 14 — — 14 
Total assets 237 — — 237 20 16 — 36 14 — — 14 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — (219) (219) — — — — — — — — 
Deferred compensation
obligation — (10) — (10) — (9) — (9) — (7) — (7)
Total liabilities — (10) (219) (229) — (9) — (9) — (7) — (7)
Total net assets (liabilities)$237 $ (10)$(219)$ 8 $ 20 $ 7 $ — $ 27 $ 14 $ (7)$ — $ 7 
ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 285 $ — $ — $285 $ 8 $ — $ — $ 8 $120 $ — $ — $120 
Rabbi trust investments
Mutual funds — — — — 9 — — 9 10 — — 10 
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 13 — 13 — — — — 
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal — — — — 9 13 — 22 10 — — 10 
Total assets 285 — — 285 17 13 — 30 130 — — 130 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — (301) (301) — — — — — — — — 
Deferred compensation
obligation — (8) — (8) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total liabilities — (8) (301) (309) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $ 285 $ (8)$(301)$(24)$ 17 $ 4 $ — $ 21 $130 $ (5)$ — $125 
__________
(a)ComEd excludes cash of $105 million and $83 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and restricted cash of $42 million and
$37 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $43 million as of both December 31,
2021 and 2020, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. PECO excludes cash of $35 million and $18
million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. BGE excludes cash of $51 million and $24 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, and restricted cash of $4 million and $1 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(b)The Level 3 balance consists of the current and noncurrent liability of $18 million and $201 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 and
$33 million and $268 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2020 related to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
296
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2020
PHI Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 110 $ — $ — $ 110 $ 86 $ — $ — $ 86 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 59 — — 59 55 — — 55 
Mutual funds 14 — — 14 14 — — 14 
Fixed income — 10 — 10 — 11 — 11 
Life insurance contracts — 27 35 62 — 26 34 60 
Rabbi trust investments subtotal 73 37 35 145 69 37 34 140 
Total assets 183 37 35 255 155 37 34 226 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation obligation — (18) — (18) — (17) — (17)
Total liabilities — (18) — (18) — (17) — (17)
Total net assets $ 183 $ 19 $ 35 $ 237 $ 155 $ 20 $ 34 $ 209 
Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 31 $ — $ — $31 $ 43 $ — $ — $43 $ — $ — $ — $— 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 58 — — 58 — — — — — — — — 
Life insurance
contracts — 27 35 62 — — — — — — — — 
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 58 27 35 120 — — — — — — — — 
Total assets 89 27 35 151 43 — — 43 — — — — 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation
obligation — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total liabilities — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total net assets $ 89 $ 25 $ 35 $149 $ 43 $ — $ — $43 $ — $ — $ — $— (a)
(a)
297
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 35 $ — $ — $35 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 13 $ — $ — $13 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 53 — — 53 — — — — — — — — 
Fixed income — 2 — 2 — — — — — — — — 
Life insurance
contracts — 26 34 60 — — — — — — — — 
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 53 28 34 115 — — — — — — — — 
Total assets 88 28 34 150 — — — — 13 — — 13 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation
obligation — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total liabilities — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total net assets $ 88 $ 26 $ 34 $148 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 13 $ — $ — $13 
__________
(a)PHI excludes cash of $100 million and $74 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and restricted cash of $3 million and none
as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of none and $10 million as of December 31, 2021 and
2020, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Pepco excludes cash of $34 million and $30
million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and restricted cash of $3 million and none as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. DPL excludes cash of $28 million and $15 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. ACE excludes cash of $29
million and $17 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of none and $10 million as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Reconciliation of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities
The following tables present the fair value reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities measur ed at fair value on a recurring basis
during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:
Exelon ComEd PHI and Pepco
For the year ended December 31, 2021NDT Fund
InvestmentsMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts TotalMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts
Balance as of January 1, 2021 $ 497 $ 129 $ 34 $ 660 $ (301) $ 34 
Total realized / unrealized gains
(losses)
Included in net income 5 (812) 3 (804) — 3 
Included in regulatory
assets/liabilities 19 82 — 101 82 — 
Change in collateral — (196) — (196) — — 
Purchases, sales, and settlements
Purchases 4 162 — 166 — — 
Sales — (10) — (10) — — 
Settlements (61) — (2) (63) — (2)
Transfers into Level 3 — 19 3 22 — — 
Transfers out of Level 3 — 313 — 313 — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 464 $ (313) $ 38 $ 189 $ (219) $ 35 
The amount of total gains (losses)
included in income attributed to the
change in unrealized gains (losses)
related to assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2021 $ 5 $ (1,222) $ 3 (1,214)$ — $ 3 (a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
298
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon ComEd PHI and Pepco
For the year ended December 31, 2020NDT Fund
InvestmentsMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts TotalMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts
Balance as of January 1, 2020 $ 511 $ 516 $ 41 $ 1,068 $ (301) $ 41 
Total realized / unrealized gains
(losses)
Included in net income 2 (414) 3 (409) — 3 
Included in regulatory
assets/liabilities 21 — — 21 — — 
Change in collateral — (53) — (53) — — 
Purchases, sales, and settlements
Purchases 8 143 — 151 — — 
Sales — (27) — (27) — — 
Settlements (45) — (10) (55) — (10)
Transfers into Level 3 — (12) — (12) — — 
Transfers out of Level 3 — (24) — (24) — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 497 $ 129 $ 34 $ 660 $ (301) $ 34 
The amount of total gains included in
income attributed to the change in
unrealized gains (losses) related to
assets and liabilities as of December
31, 2020 $ 2 $ 6 $ 3 $ 11 $ — $ 3 
__________
(a)Includes an addition of $410 million for realized losses and a reduction of $420 million for realized gains due to the settlement of derivative
contracts for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(b)Includes $62 million of increases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $20 million recorded in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2021. Includes $33
million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $33 million recorded in purchased power expense
associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2020.
(c)Transfers into and out of Level 3 generally occur when the contract tenor becomes less and more observable, respectively, primarily due to
changes in market liquidity or assumptions for certain commodity contracts.
The followin g tables present the income statement classification of the total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
income for Level 3 asset s and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2021 and
2020:
Exelon PHI and Pepco
Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel Operating and Maintenance Other, netOperating and
Maintenance
Total (losses) gains included in net
income for the year ended December
31, 2021 $ (1,343)$ 531 $ 3 $ 5 $ 3 
Total unrealized (losses) gains for the
year ended December 31, 2021 (1,577) 355 3 5 3 
Exelon PHI and Pepco
Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel Operating and Maintenance Other, netOperating and
Maintenance
Total (losses) gains included in net
income for the year ended December
31, 2020 $ (404)$ (10)$ 3 $ 2 $ 3 
Total unrealized (losses) gains for the
year ended December 31, 2020 (31) 37 3 2 3 (a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
299
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
Cash Equivalents (All Registrants).  Investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, including mutual
and money market funds, are considered cash equivalents. The fair values are based on obser vable market prices and, therefore,
are included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1.
NDT Fund Investments (Exelon). The trust fund investm ents have been established to satisfy Generation's nuclear
decommissioning obligations as required by the NRC. The NDT funds hold debt and equity secu rities directly and indirectly through
commingled funds and mutual funds, which are included in equities and fixed income. Generation’ s NDT fund investments policies
outline inves tment guide lines for the trusts and limit the trust funds’  exposures to investments in highly illiquid markets and other
alternative investments, including private credit, private equity , and real estate. Investments with maturities of three months or less
when purchased, including certain short-term fixed income securities are considered cash equivalents and included in the recurring
fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1 or Level 2.
Equities.  These investments consist of individually held equity securities, equity mutual funds, and equity commingled funds in
domestic and foreign markets. With respect to individually held equity securities, the trustees obtain prices from pricing services,
whose price s are generally obtained from direct  feeds from market exchanges, which Exelon is able to independently corroborate.
Equity securities held individually , including real estate investment trusts, rights, and warrants, are primarily traded on exchanges
that contain only active ly traded securities due to the volume trading requirements imposed  by these exchanges. The equity
securities that are held directly by the trust funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and categorized as Level 1.
Certain equity securities have been categorized as Level 2 because they are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable
market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities. Certain private placement equity securities are categorized
as Level 3 because they are not publicly traded and are priced using significant unobservable inputs.
Equity comm ingled funds and mutual funds are maintained by investment companies, and fund investments are held in accordance
with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly
quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For equity
commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted, the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund
share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets on the underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value
hierarchy . These investments can typically be redeemed monthly or more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without
further restrictions.
Fixed income.  For fixed income securities, which consist primarily of corporate debt securities, U.S. government securities, foreign
government securities, municipal bonds, asset and mortgage-backed securities, commingled funds, mutual funds, and derivative
instruments, the trustees obtain multiple prices from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations in
addition to checks for unusual daily movements . A primary price source is identified based on asset type, class, or issue for each
security . With respect to individually held fixed income securities, the trustees monitor prices supplied by pricing services and may
use a supplemental price source or change the primary price source of a given security if the portfolio managers challenge an
assigned price and the trustees determine that another price source is considered to be preferable. Exelon has obtained an
understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such prices.
Additionally , Exelon selectively corroborates the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based price sources.
Investments in U.S. Treasury securities have been categorized as Level 1 because they trade in highly-liquid and transparent
markets. Certain private placement fixed income securities have been categorized as Level 3 because they are priced using certain
significant unobservable inputs and are typically illiquid. The remaining fixed income securities, including certain other fixed income
investments, are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar
securities, adjusted for observable dif ferences and are categorized as Level 2.
Other fixed income investments primarily consi st of fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds, which are maintained by
investment companies and hold fund investmen ts in accordance with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these
funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active
markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted,
the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the
underlying securities
300
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
and are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly or more frequently , with
30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Derivative instruments.  These instruments, consisting primarily of futures and swaps to manage risk, are recorded at fair value.
Over-the-counter derivatives are valued daily, based on quoted prices in active markets and trade in open markets, and have been
categorized as Level 1. Derivative instruments other than over-the-counter derivatives are valued based on external price data of
comparable securities and have been categorized as Level 2.
Private credit.  Private credit investments primarily consist of investments in private debt strategies. These investments are generally
less liquid assets with an underlying term of 3 to 5 years and are intended to be held to maturity . The fair value of these investments
is determined by the fund manager or administrator using a combination of valuation models including cost models, market models,
and income models and typically cannot be redeemed until maturity of the term loan. Private  credit investments held directly by
Exelon are categorized as Level 3 because they are based largely on inputs that are unobservable and utilize complex valuation
models. For managed private credit funds, the fair value is determined using a combination of valuation models including cost
models, market models, and income models and typically cannot be redeemed until maturity of the term loan. Managed private
credit fund investments are not classified within  the fair value hierarchy because their fair value is determined using NAV or its
equivalent as a practical expedient.
Private equity . These investments include those in limited partnerships that invest in operating companies that are not publicly traded
on a stock exchange such as leveraged buyouts, growth capital, venture capital, distressed investments, and investments in natural
resources. These investments typically cannot be redeemed and are generally liquidated over a period of 8 to 10 years from the
initial investment date, which is based on Exelon 's understanding of the investment funds. Private equity valuations are reported by
the fund manager and are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include unobservable inputs such as cost,
operating results, discounted future cash flows, and market based comparable data. These valuation inputs are unobservable. The
fair value of private equity investments is deter mined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these
investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Real estate.  These investments are funds with a direct inves tment in pools of real estate properties. These funds are reported by the
fund manager and are generally based on independent appraisals of the underlying investments from sources with professional
qualifications, typically using a combination of market based comparable data and discounted cash flows. These valuation inputs are
unobservable. Certain real estate investments cannot be redeemed and are generally liquidated over a period of 8 to 10 years from
the initial investment date, which is based on Exelon's understanding of the investment funds. The remaining liquid real estate
investments are generally redeemable from the investment vehicle quarterly , with 30 to 90 days of notice. The fair value of real
estate investments is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these investments are not
classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Exelon evalu ated its NDT portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2021. Types of
concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to, investment concentrations in a single entity , type of industry ,
foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2021, there were no significant concentr ations (generally defined as greater
than 10 percent) of risk in the NDT  assets.
See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information on the NDT fund investments. See Note 15 — Retirement
Benefits for the valuation techniques used for hedge fund investments.
Rabbi Trust Investments (Exelon, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE). The Rabbi trusts were established to hold asse ts
related to deferred compensation plans existing for certain active and retired members of Exelon’ s executive management and
directors. The Rabbi trusts' assets are included in investments in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets and consist primarily
of money market funds, mutual funds, fixed income securities, and life insurance policies. Money market funds and mutual funds are
publicly quoted and have been categorized as Level 1 given the clear observability of the prices. The fair values of fixed income
securities are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information or similar
securities, adjusted for observable differences and are categorized in Level 2. The life insurance  policies are valued using the cash
surrender value of the policies, net of loans against those policies, which is provided by a third-party . Certain life insurance policies,
which consis t primarily of mutual funds that are priced based on observable market data, have been categorized as Level 2 because
the life insurance policies
301
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
can be liquidated at the reporting date for the value of the underlying assets. Life insurance policies that are valued using
unobservable inputs have been categorized as Level 3, where the fair value is determined based on the cash surrender value of the
policy , which contains unobservable inputs and assumptions. Because Exelon relies on its third-party insurance provider to develop
the inputs without adjustment for the valuations of its Level 3 investments, quantitative information about significant unobservable
inputs used in valuing these investments is not reasonably available to Exelon. Therefore, Exelon has not disclosed such inputs.
Deferred Compensation Obligations (All Registrants).   The Regist rants’  deferr ed compensation plans allow participants to defer
certain cash compensation into a notional investment account. The Registrants include such plans in other current and noncurrent
liabilities in their Consol idated Balance Sheets. The value of the Registrants’  deferred compensation obligations is based on the
market value of the participants’  notional investment accounts. The underlying notional inves tments are comprised primarily of
equities, mutual funds, commingled funds, and fixed income securities which are based on direc tly and indirectly observable market
prices. Since  the deferred compensation obligations themselves are not exchanged in an active market, they are categorized as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
The value of certain employment agreement obligations (which are included with the Deferred Compensation Obligation in the tables
above) are based on a known and certain stream of payments to be made over time and are categorized as Level 2 within the fair
value hierarchy .
Investments in Equities (Exelon).  Exelon holds certain investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair values in
addition to those held within the NDT funds. These equity securities are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and are
categorized as Level 1.
Deferred Purchase Price Consideration (Exelon).   Exelon has DPP consideration for the sale of certain receivables of retail
electricity . This amount is valued based on the sales price of the receivables net of allowance for credit losses based on accounts
receivable aging historical experience coupled with specific identification through a credit monitoring process, which considers
current conditions and forward-looking informa tion such as industry trends, macroeconomic factors, changes in the regulatory
environment, external credit ratings, publicly available news, payment status, payment history , and the exercise of collateral calls.
Since the DPP consider ation is based on the sales price of the receivables, it is categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable for additional information on the sale of certain receivables.
Mark-to-Market Derivatives (Exelon and ComEd).  Derivative contracts are traded in both exchan ge-based and non-exchange-
based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy . Certain deriva tives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or
over-the-counter , on-line  exchanges and are categorized in Level 2. These price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask, mid-
point prices and are obtained from sources that the Registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity . The price
quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between
market partic ipants. This includes consideration of actual transaction volumes, market delivery points, bid-ask spreads, and contract
duration. The remainder  of derivative contracts are valued using the Black model, an industry standard option valuation model. The
Black model takes into account inputs such as contract terms, including maturity , and market parameters, including assumptions of
the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness, and credit spread. For derivatives that trade in liquid markets,
such as generic forwards, swaps, and options, model inputs are generally observable. Such instruments are categorized in Level 2.
The Registrants’  derivatives are predominantly at liquid trading points. For derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited
pricing information, model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs. These valuations may include
an estimated basis adjustment from an illiquid trading point to a liquid trading point for which active price quotations are available.
Such instruments are categorized in Level 3.
For valuations that include both observable and unobservable inputs, if the unobservable input is determined to be significant to the
overall input s, the entire valuation is categorized  in Level 3. This includes derivatives valued using indicative price quotations whose
contract tenure extends into unobservable periods. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the
assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability . This includes assumptions about market risks such
as liquidity , volatility , and contract duration. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3 as the model inputs generally are not
observable. Forward price curves for the power market utilized by the front office to manage the portfolio, are reviewed and verified
by the middle of fice, and used for financial reporting by the back of fice. The Registrants consider credit and
302
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
nonperformance risk in the valuation of derivative contracts categorized in Level 2 and 3, includin g both historical and current market
data, in their assessme nt of credit and nonperformance risk by counterparty . Due to master netting agreements and collateral
posting requirements, the impacts of credit and nonperformance risk were not material to the financial statements.
Disclosed below is detail surrounding the Registrants’  significant Level 3 valuations. The calculated fair value includes marketability
discounts for margining provisions and other attributes. The Level 3 balance related to Gener ation generally consists of forward
sales and purchases of power and natural gas and certain transmission congestion contracts. Exelon utilizes various inputs and
factors including market data and assumption s that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities as well as
assumptions about the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. The inputs and factors include forward commodity
prices, comm odity price volatility , contractual volumes, delivery location, interest rates, credit quality of counterparties, and credit
enhancements.
For commodity derivatives, the primary input to the valuation models is the forward commodity price curve for each instrument.
Forward commodity price curves are derived by risk management for liquid locations and by the traders and portfolio managers for
illiquid locati ons. All locations are reviewed and verified by risk management considering published exchange transaction prices,
executed bilateral transactions, broker quotes, and other observable or public data sources. The relevant forward commodity curve
used to value each of the derivatives depends on a number of factors, including commodity type, delivery location, and delivery
period. Price volatility varies by commodity and location. When appropriate, Exelon discount s future cash flows using risk free
interest rates with adjustments to reflect the credit quality of each counterparty for assets and Generation’ s own credit quality for
liabilities. The level of observability of a forward  commodity price varies generally due to the delivery location and delivery period.
Certain delivery locations including PJM West Hub (for power) and Henry Hub (for natural gas) are more liquid and prices are
observable for up to three years in the future. The observability period of volatility is generally shorter than the underlying power
curve used in option valuations. The forward curve for a less liquid location is estimated by using the forward curve from the liquid
location and applying a spread to represent the cost to transport the commodity to the delivery location. This spread does not
typically represent a majority of the instrument’ s market price. As a result, the change in fair value is closely tied to liquid market
movements and not a change in the applied spread. The change in fair value associated with a change in the spread is generally
immaterial. An average spread calculated acros s all Level 3 power and gas delivery locations is approximately $3.33 and $0.53 for
power and natural gas, respectively . Many of the commodity derivatives are short term in nature and thus a majority of the fair value
may be based on observable inputs even though the contract as a whole must be classified as Level 3.
On December 17, 2010, ComEd entered into several 20-year floating to fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for
the procurement of long-term renewable energy and associated RECs. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for
additional information. The fair value of these swaps has been designated as a Level 3 valua tion due to the long tenure of the
positions and internal modeling assumptions. The modeling assumptions include using natural gas heat rates to project long term
forward power curves adjusted by a renewable  factor that incorporates time of day and seasonality factors to reflect accurate
renewable energy pricing. In addition, marketability reserves are applied to the positions based on the tenor and supplier risk.
See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on mark-to-market derivatives.
303
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The following table presents the significant inputs to the forward curve used to value these positions:
Type of tradeFair Value as
of December
31, 2021Fair Value as
of December
31, 2020Valuation
TechniqueUnobservable
Input2021 Range & Arithmetic
Average2020 Range & Arithmetic
Average
Mark-to-
market derivatives—
Economic
hedges (Exelon) $ (66)$ 245 Discounted
Cash FlowForward power
price $8.86-$481 $55 $2.25-$163 $30
Forward gas
price $1.69- $17 $3.50 $1.57-$7.88 $2.59
Option 
ModelVolatility
percentage 24% -284% 56% 11% -237% 32%
Mark-to-market
derivatives (Exelon and
ComEd) $ (219)$ (301)Discounted
Cash FlowForward heat
rate 9x - 10x 9.13x 8x - 9x 8.85x
Marketability
reserve 3% - 7% 4.77% 3% - 8% 4.93%
Renewable
factor 92% -120% 97% 91% -123% 99%
__________
(a)These positions relate to Generation and the valuation techniques, unobservable inputs, ranges, and arithmetic averages are the same for the
asset and liability positions.
(b)The fair values do not include cash collateral (received)/posted on level three positions of $(34) million and $162 million as of December 31,
2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively.
(c)Quoted forward natural gas rates are utilized to project the forward power curve for the delivery of energy at specified future dates. The natural
gas curve is extrapolated beyond its observable period to the end of the contract’s delivery.
The inputs listed above , which are as of the balance sheet date, would have a direct impa ct on the fair values of the above
instruments if they were  adjusted. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Exelon’ s commodity
derivatives are forward commodity prices and for options is price volatility . Increases (decreases ) in the forward commodity price in
isolation would result in significantly higher (lower) fair values for long positions (contracts that give Exelon the obligation or option to
purchase a commodity), with offsetting impacts to short positions (contracts that give Exelon the obligation or right to sell a
commodity). Increases (decreases) in volatility would increase (decrease) the value for the holde r of the option (writer of the option).
Generally , a change in the estimate of forward commodity prices is unrelated to a change in the estimate of volatility of prices. An
increase to the reserves listed above would decrease the fair value of the positions. An increase to the heat rate or renewable
factors would increase the fair value accordingly . Generally , interrelationships exist between market prices of natural gas and power .
As such, an increase in natural gas pricing would potentially have a similar impact on forward power markets.(a)(b)
(c)
304
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
19. Commitments and Contingencies  (All Registrants)
Commitments
PHI Merger Commitments (Exelon, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE).  Approval of the PHI Merger in Delaware, New Jersey , Maryland,
and the District of Columbia was conditioned upon Exelon and PHI agreeing to certain commitments. The following amounts
represent total commitment costs that have been  recorded since the acquisition date and the total remaining obligations for Exelon,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE as of December 31, 2021:
Description Exelon PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Total commitments $ 513 $ 320 $ 120 $ 89 $ 111 
Remaining commitments 68 58 48 6 4 
__________
(a)Remaining commitments extend through 2026 and include rate credits, energy efficiency programs, and delivery system modernization.
In addition, Exelon is committed to develop or to assist in the commercial development of approximately 37 MWs  of new solar
generation in Maryland, District of Columbia, and Delaware at an estimated cost of approximately $135 million. Investment costs,
which are expected to be primarily capital in nature, are recognized as incurred and recorded in Exelon's financial statements. As of
December 31, 2021, approximately 33 MWs of new generati on were developed and Exelon incurred costs of $121 million.
Development of the remaining 4 MWs of new generation will be completed by Generation in 2022. Approximately 30 MWs of the
new generation developed was part of Generatio n's first quarter 2021 sale of a significant portion of its solar business. Refer to Note
2 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information on the solar business. Exelon has also committed to purchase
100 MWs of wind energy in PJM. DPL has committe d to conducting three RFPs to procure up to a total of 120 MWs of wind RECs
for the purpose of meeting Delaware's renewable portfolio standards. DPL has conducted two of the three wind REC RFPs. The first
40 MW wind REC tranche  was conducted in 2017 and did not result in a purchase agreement . The second 40 MW wind REC
tranche was conducted in 2018 and resulted in a proposed REC purchase agreement that was approved by the DEPSC in 2019.
The third and final 40 MW wind REC tranche will be conducted in 2022.(a)
305
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
Commercial Commitm ents (All Registrants). The Registrants' commercial commitments as of December 31, 2021, representing
commitments potentially triggered by future events were as follows:
Expiration within
Exelon Total 2022 2023 2024 2025 20262027 and
beyond
Letters of credit $ 2,397   $ 2,296   $ 101  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 1,008  989 17 2 — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 378  — — — — — 378 
Guaranteed lease residual values 31 — 5 6 6 5 9 
Total commercial commitments $ 3,814   $ 3,285   $ 123  $ 8  $ 6 $ 5 $ 387 
ComEd
Letters of credit $ 7 $ 7 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 17 15 — 2 — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 200 — — — — — 200 
Total commercial commitments $ 224  $ 22  $ —  $ 2  $ — $ — $ 200 
PECO
Letters of credit $ 1 $ 1 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 2 2 — — — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 178 — — — — — 178 
Total commercial commitments $ 181  $ 3  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ 178 
BGE
Letters of credit $ 2 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 3 3 — — — — — 
Total commercial commitments $ 5  $ 5  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ — 
PHI
Surety bonds $ 23 $ 23 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 31 — 5 6 6 5 9 
Total commercial commitments $ 54  $ 23  $ 5  $ 6  $ 6 $ 5 $ 9 
Pepco
Surety bonds $ 14 $ 14 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 10 — 1 2 2 2 3 
Total commercial commitments $ 24  $ 14  $ 1  $ 2  $ 2 $ 2 $ 3 
DPL
Surety bonds $ 5 $ 5 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 13 — 2 3 2 2 4 
Total commercial commitments $ 18  $ 5  $ 2  $ 3  $ 2 $ 2 $ 4 
ACE
Surety bonds $ 4 $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 8 — 2 1 2 1 2 
Total commercial commitments $ 12  $ 4  $ 2  $ 1  $ 2 $ 1 $ 2 
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at the end of
the minimum lease term would be $75 million guaranteed by Exelon and PHI, of which $25 million, $31 million, and $19 million is guaranteed by
Pepco, DPL, and ACE, respectively. Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and PHI believes the likelihood of
payments being required under the guarantees is remote.(a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
306
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
Nuclear Insurance (Exelon)
Generation is subject to liability , property damage, and other risks associated with major incidents at any of its nuclear stations.
Generation has mitigated its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions.
The Price-Anderson Act was enacted to ensure the availability of funds for public liability claims arising from an incident at any of the
U.S. license d nuclear facilities and to limit the liability of nuclear reactor owners for such claims from any single incident. As of
December 31, 2021, the current liability limit per incident is $13.5 billion and is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation
and changes in the number of licensed reactors at least once every five years with the last adjustment effective November 1, 2018.
In accordance with the Price-Anderson Act, Generation maintains financial protection at levels equal to the amount of liability
insurance available from private sources through the purchase of private nuclear energy liability insurance for public liability claims
that could arise in the event of an incident. Effective January 1, 2017, the required amount of nuclear energy liability insurance
purchased is $450 million  for each operatin g site. Claims exceedin g that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a
financial protection pool, as required by the Price Anderson-Act, which provides the additional $13.1 billion per incident in funds
available for public liability claims. Participation in this secondary financial protection pool requires the operator of each reactor to
fund its proportionate share of costs for any single incident that exceeds the primary layer of financial protection. Generation’ s share
of this secon dary layer would be approximately $2.8 billion, however any amounts payable under this secondary layer would be
capped at $ 413 million per year .
In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay public liability claims
exceeding the $ 13.5 billion limit for a single incident.
Generation is required each year to report to the NRC the current levels and sources of property insurance that demonstrates
Generation possesses sufficient financial resources to stabilize and decontaminate a reactor and reactor station site in the event of
an accident. The property insurance maintained for each facility is currently provided through insurance policies purchased from
NEIL, an industry mutual insurance company of which Generation is a member .
NEIL  may declare distri butions to its members as a result of favorable operating experience. In recent years, NEIL  has made
distributions to its memb ers. Generation's portion of the annual distribution declared by NEIL  is estimated to be $113 million for
2021, and was $75 million and $136 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively . The distributions were recorded as a reduction to
Operating and maintenance expense within Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Spent Nuclear Fuel Obligation (Exelon)
Under the NWP A, the DOE is responsible for the development of a geologic repository for and the disposal of SNF and high-level
radioactive waste. As required by the NWP A, Generation is a party to contracts with the DOE (Standard Contracts) to provide for
disposal of SNF from Generation’ s nuclear generating stations. In accordance with the NWP A and the Standard Contracts,
Generation historically had paid the DOE one mill ($0.001 ) per kWh of net nuclear generation for the cost of SNF disposal. Due to
the lack of a viable disposal program, the DOE reduced the SNF disposal fee to zero in May 2014. Until a new fee structure is in
effect, Exelon and Gene ration will not accrue any further costs related to SNF disposal fees. This fee may be adjusted prospectively
to ensure full cost recovery .
Generation currently assumes the DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2035 and uses that date for purposes of estimating the nuclear
decommissioning asset retirement obligations. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on management’ s estimates of the
amount of time required for DOE to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term SNF storage.
The NWPA and the Standard Contracts required the DOE to begin taking possession of SNF generated by nuclear generating units
by no later than January  31, 1998. The DOE, however , failed to meet that deadline and its performance is expected to be delayed
significantly . In August 2004, Generation and the DOJ, in close consultation with the DOE, reached a settlement under which the
government agreed to reimburse Generation, subject to certain damage limitations based on the extent of the government’ s breach,
for costs associated with storage of SNF at Gene ration’ s nuclear stations pending the DOE’ s fulfillment of its obligations. Calvert
Cliffs, Ginna, and Nine Mile Point each have separate settlement agreements in place with the DOE which were
307
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
extended during 2020 to provide for the reimbursement of SNF storage costs through December 31, 2022. FitzPatrick also has a
separate settlement agreement in place with the DOE which was established in 2021 to provide for reimbursement of SNF storage
costs through December 31, 2022. Generation submits annual reimbursement requests to the DOE for costs associated with the
storage of SNF. In all cases, reimbursement requests are made only after costs are incurred and only for costs resulting from DOE
delays in accepti ng the SNF .
Under the settlement agreements, Generation received total cumulative cash reimbursem ents of $1,492  millio n throu gh
December 31, 2021 for costs incurred. After considering the amounts due to co-owners of certai n nuclear stations and to the former
owner of Oyster Creek, Generation received net cumulative cash reimbursements of $1,294  million. As of December 31, 2021 and
2020, the amount of SNF storage costs for which reimbursement has been or will be requested from the DOE under the DOE
settlement agreements is as follows:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
DOE receivable - current $ 241 $ 129 
DOE receivable - noncurrent 85 70 
Amounts owed to co-owners (35) (23)
__________
(a)Recorded in Other accounts receivable.
(b)Recorded in Deferred debits and other assets, other.
(c)Recorded in Other accounts receivable. Represents amounts owed to the co-owners of Peach Bottom, Quad Cities, and Nine Mile Point Unit 2
generating facilities.
The Standard Contracts with the DOE also required the payment to the DOE of a one-time fee applicable to nuclear generation
through April 6, 1983. The below table outlines the SNF liability recorded at Exelon as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Former ComEd units $ 1,083  $ 1,082  
Fitzpatrick 127 126 
Total SNF Obligation $ 1,210  $ 1,208  
__________
(a)ComEd previously elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $277 million for its units (which are now part of Generation), with interest to
the date of payment, until just prior to the first delivery of SNF to the DOE. The unfunded liabilities for SNF disposal costs, including the one-time
fee, were transferred to Generation as part of Exelon’s 2001 corporate restructuring.
(b)A prior owner of FitzPatrick elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $34 million, with interest to the date of payment, for the FitzPatrick
unit. As part of the FitzPatrick acquisition on March 31, 2017, Generation assumed a SNF liability for the DOE one-time fee obligation with
interest related to FitzPatrick along with an offsetting asset, included in Other deferred debits and other assets, for the contractual right to
reimbursement from NYPA, a prior owner of FitzPatrick, for amounts paid for the FitzPatrick DOE one-time fee obligation.
Interest for SNF liabilitie s accrues at the 13-week Treasury Rate. The 13-week Treasury Rate in effect for calculation of the interest
accrual at December 31, 2021 was 0.051 % for the deferred amount transferred from Com Ed and 0.041 % for the deferred FitzPatrick
amount.
The following table summarizes sites for which Exelon does not have an outstanding SNF Obligation:
Description Sites
Fees have been paid Former PECO units, Clinton and Calvert Clif fs
Outstanding SNF Obligation remains with former owners Nine Mile Point, Ginna and TMI
Environmental Remediation Matters
General (All Registrants).  The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures to
comply with environmental laws. Additionally , under Federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for
the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
308
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by hazardous substances generated by them. The Registrants own or
lease a number of real estate parcels, including parcels on which their operations or the operations of others may have resulted in
contamination by substances that are considere d hazardous under environmental laws. In addition, the Registrants are currently
involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to
additional proceedings in the future. Unless otherwise disclosed, the Registrants cannot reasonably estimate whether they will incur
significant liabilities for additional investigation and remediation costs at these or additional sites identified by the Registrants,
environmental agencies or others, or whether such costs will be recoverable from third parties, including customers. Additional costs
could have a material, unfavorable impact on the Registrants' financial statements.
MGP  Sites (All Registrants). ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL have identified sites where former MGP  or gas purification activities
have or may have resulted in actual site contamination. For almost all of these sites, there are additional PRPs that may share
responsibility for the ultimate remediation of each location.
•ComEd has 21 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. ComEd expects the majority
of the remediation at these sites to continue through at least  2027.
•PECO has 6 sites that are currently unde r some degree of active study and/or remediation. PECO expects the majority of
the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2023.
•BGE  has 4 sites that currently require some level of remediation and/or ongoing activity . BGE expects the majority of the
remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2023.
•DPL has 1 site that is currently under study and the required cost at the site is not expected to be material.
The historical nature of the MGP  and gas purification sites and the fact that many of the sites have been buried and built over,
impacts the ability to determine a precise estimate of the ultimate costs prior to initial sampling and determination of the exact scope
and method of remedial activity . Management determines its best estimate of remediation costs using all available information at the
time of each study , including probabilistic and deterministic modeling for ComEd and PECO, and the remediation standards currently
required by the applicab le state environmental agency . Prior to completion of any significant clean up, each site remediation plan is
approved by the appropriate state environmental agency .
ComEd, pursuant to an ICC order , and PECO, pursuant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, are
currently recovering environmental remediation costs of former MGP  facility sites through customer rates. While BGE and DPL do
not have riders for MGP  clean-up costs, they have historically received recovery of actual clean-up costs in distribution rates.
As of Decem ber 31, 2021 and 2020, the Registrants had accrued the following undiscounted amounts for environmental liabilities in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities in their respective Consolidated Balance Sheets:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Total environmental
investigation and
remediation liabilitiesPortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediationTotal environmental
investigation and
remediation liabilitiesPortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediation
Exelon $ 469 $ 303 $ 483 $ 314 
ComEd 279 279 293 293 
PECO 22 20 23 21 
BGE 6 4 2 — 
PHI 42 — 44 — 
Pepco 40 — 42 — 
DPL 1 — 1 — 
ACE 1 — 1 — 
309
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
Cotter Corp oration (Exelon).  The EPA has advised Cotter Corporation (Cotter), a former ComEd subsidiary , that it is potent ially
liable in connection with radiological contamination at a site known as the West Lake Landfill  in Missouri. In 2000, ComEd sold
Cotter to an unaffiliated third-party . As part of the sale, ComEd agreed to indemnify Cotter for any liability arising in connection with
the West Lake Landfill. In connection with Exelon’ s 2001 corporate restructuring, this responsibility to indemnify Cotter was
transferred to Generation. Including Cotter , there are three PRPs participating in the West Lake Landfill remediation proceeding.
Investigation by Generation has identified a number of other parties who also may be PRPs and could be liable to contribute to the
final remedy . Further investigation is ongoing.
In Septembe r 2018, the EPA issued its Record  of Decision Amendment (RODA) for the selection of a final remedy . The RODA
modified the remedy previously selected by EPA in its 2008 Record of Decision (ROD). While the ROD required only that the
radiological materials and other wastes at the site be capped, the 2018 RODA  requires partial excavation of the radiological
materials in addition to the previously selected capping remedy . The RODA  also allows for variation in depths of excavation
depending on radiological concentrations. The EPA and the PRPs have entered into a Consent Agreement to perform the Remedial
Design, which is expecte d to be completed in late 2024. In March 2019 the PRPs received Special Notice Letters from the EPA to
perform the Remedial Action work. On October 8, 2019, Cotter (Generation’ s indemnitee) provid ed a non-binding good faith offer to
conduct, or finance, a portion of the remedy , subject to certain conditions. The total estimated cost of the remedy , taking into account
the current EPA technic al requirements and the total costs expected to be incurred collectively by the PRPs in fully executing the
remedy , is approximately $290 million, including cost escalation on an undiscounted basis, which would be allocated among the final
group of PRPs. Exelon has determined that a loss associated with the EPA’s partial excavation and enhanced landfill cover remedy
is probable and has recorded a liability included  in the table above, that reflects management’ s best estimate of Cotter ’s allocable
share of the ultimate cost. Given the joint and several nature of this liability , the magnitude of Exelon’ s ultimate liability will depend on
the actual costs incurred  to implement the required remedy as well as on the nature and terms  of any cost-sharing arrangements
with the final group of PRPs. Therefore, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost and Cotte r's associated allocable share could
differ significantly once these uncertainties are resolved.
One of the other PRPs has indicated it will be making a contribution claim against Cotter for costs that it has incurred to prevent a
subsurface fire from spreading to those areas of the West Lake Landfill where radiological materials are believed to have been
disposed. At this time, Exelon does not possess  sufficient information to assess this claim and therefore are unable to estimate a
range of loss, if any . As such, no liability has been recorded for the potential contribution claim.
In January 2018, the PRPs were advised by the EPA that it will begin an additional investigation and evaluation of groundwater
conditions at the West Lake Landfill. In September 2018, the PRPs agreed to an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on
Consent for the performance by the PRPs of the groundwater Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study (RI/FS). The purpose of
this RI/FS is to define the nature and extent of any groundwater contamination from the West Lake Landfill site and evaluate
remedial alternatives. Exelon estimates the undiscounted cost for the groundwater RI/FS to be approximately $40 million. Exelon
determined a loss associated with the RI/FS is probable and has recorded a liability included in the table above, that reflects
management’ s best estimate of Cotter ’s allocable share of the cost among the PRPs. At this time Exelon cannot predict the
likelihood or the extent to which, if any, remediation activities may be required and therefore cannot estimate a reasonably possible
range of loss for response costs beyond those associated with the RI/FS component.
In August 2011, Cotter was notified by the DOJ that Cotter is considered a PRP with respect to the government’ s clean-up costs for
contamination attributab le to low level radioactive residues at a former storage and reprocessing facility named Latty Avenue near
St. Louis, Missouri. The Latty Avenue site is included in ComEd’ s (now Generation's) indem nification responsibilities discussed
above as part of the sale of Cotter . The radioactive residues had been generated initially in connection with the processing of
uranium ores as part of the U.S. Government’ s Manhattan Project. Cotter purchased the residues in 1969 for initial processing at the
Latty Avenue  facility for the subsequent extracti on of uranium and metals. In 1976, the NRC found that the Latty Avenue site had
radiation levels exceeding NRC criteria for decontamination of land areas. Latty Avenue was investigated and remediated by the
United States Army Corps of Engineers pursuant to funding under FUSRAP  (Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program).
Pursuant to a series of annual agreements since 2011, the DOJ and the PRPs have tolled the statute of limitations until February 28,
2022 so that settlement discussions can proceed. On August 3, 2020, the DOJ advised Cotter and the other PRPs that it is seeking
approximately
310
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
$90 million from all the PRPs and has directed that the PRPs must submit a good faith joint proposed settlement offer. In December
2021, a good faith offer was submitted to the government and negotiations are expected to commence in the first quarter of 2022.
Exelon has determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable under its indemnification agreement with Cotter and has
recorded an estimated liability , which is included in the table above.
Benning Road Site (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco) . In September 2010, PHI received a letter from EPA identifying the Benning Road
site as one of six land-based sites potentially contributing to contamination of the lower Anacostia River . A portion of the site was
formerly the location of a Pepco Energy Services electric generating facility , which was deactivated in June 2012. The remaining
portion of the site consists of a Pepco transmission and distribution service center that remains in operation. In December 2011, the
U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia approved a Consent Decree entered into by Pepco and Pepco Energy Services with
the DOEE, which requires Pepco and Pepco Energy Services to conduct a RI/FS for the Benning Road site and an approximately 10
to 15-acre portion of the adjacent Anacostia River .
Since 2013,  Pepco and Pepco Energy Services (now Generation, pursuant to Exelon's 2016 acquisition of PHI) have been
performing RI work and have submitted multiple draft RI reports to the DOEE. In September 2019, Pepco and Generation issued a
draft “final” RI report which DOEE approved on February 3, 2020. Pepco and Generation are developing a FS to evaluate possible
remedial alternatives for submission to DOEE. The Court has established a schedule for comple tion of the FS, and approval by the
DOEE, by September 16, 2022. After completio n and approval of the FS, DOEE will prepare a Proposed Plan for public comment
and then issue a ROD identifying any further  response actions determined to be necessary . Exelon, PHI, and Pepco, have
determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable and have accrued an estimated liability , which is included in the table
above.
Anacostia River Tidal Reach (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco) . Contempor aneous with the Benning Road site RI/FS being performed by
Pepco and Generation, DOEE and National Park Service ("NPS") have been conducting a separ ate RI/FS focused on the entire tidal
reach of the Anacostia River extending from just north of the Maryland-District of Columbia boundary line to the confluence of the
Anacostia and Potomac Rivers. The river-wide RI incorporated the results of the river samplin g performed by Pepco and Pepco
Energy Services as part of the Benning RI/FS, as well as similar sampling efforts conducted by owners of other sites adjacent to this
segment of the river and supplemental river sampling conducted by DOEE’ s contractor . In April 2018, DOEE released a draft RI
report for public review and comment. Pepco submitted written comments to the draft RI and participated in a public hearing.
Pepco has determined that it is probable that costs for remediation will be incurred and recorde d a liability in the third quarter 2019
for managem ent’s best estimate of its share of those costs. On September 30, 2020, DOEE released its Interim ROD. The Interim
ROD reflects an adaptiv e management approach which will require several identified “hot spots” in the river to be addressed first
while contin uing to conduct studies and to monitor the river to evaluate improvements and determine potential future remediation
plans. The adaptive management process chosen by DOEE is less intrusive, provides more long-term environmental certainty , is
less costly , and allows for site specific remediation plans already underway , including the plan for the Benning Road site to proceed
to conclusio n. Pepco concluded that incremen tal exposure remains reasonably possible, but management cannot reasonably
estimate a range of loss beyond the amounts recorded, which are included in the table above.
On July 12, 2021, DOEE  and NPS held a virtual meeting with the PRP's in response to a General Notice Letter sent by each agency
inviting the PRP's to participate in discussions, which PEPCO attended.
In addition to the activities associated with the remedial process outlined above, CERCLA  separately requires federal and state (here
including Washington, D.C.) Natural Resource Trustees (federal or state agencies designated by the President or the relevant state,
respectively , or Indian tribes) to conduct an assessment of any damages to natural resources within their jurisdiction as a result of
the contamination that is being remediated. The Trustees can seek compensation from responsible parties for such damages,
including restoration costs. During the second quarter of 2018, Pepco became aware that the Trustees are in the beginning stages of
a Natu ral Resources Damages (NRD) assessment, a process that often takes many years  beyond the remedial decision to
complete. Pepco has concluded that a loss asso ciated with the eventual NRD assessment is reasonably possible. Due to the very
early stage of the assessment process, Pepco cannot reasonably estimate the range of loss.
311
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
Asbestos Personal Injury Claims (Exelon). Exelon maintains a reserve for claims associated with asbestos-related personal injury
actions in certain facilitie s that are currently owned by Generation or were previously owned by ComEd and PECO. The estimated
liabilities are recorded on an undiscounted basis and exclude the estimated legal costs assoc iated with handling these matters,
which could be material.
At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, Exelon had recorded estimated liabilities of approximately $81 million and $89
million, respectively , in total for asbestos-related bodily injury claims. As of December 31, 2021, approximately $17 million of this
amount related to 211 open claims presented to Generation, while the remaining $64 million is for estimated future asbestos-related
bodily injury  claims anticipated to arise through 2055, based on actuarial assumptions and analyses, which are updated on an
annual basis . On a quarterly basis, Generation monitors actual experience against the number of forecasted claims to be received
and expected claim payments and evaluates whether adjustments to the estimated liabilities are necessary .
Fund Transfer Restrictions (All Registrants).  Under applicable law, Exelon may borrow or receive an extension of credit from its
subsidiaries. Under the terms of Exelon’ s intercompany money pool agreement, Exelon can lend to, but not borrow from the money
pool.
Under applicable law, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed or
current earnings. A significant loss recorded at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, or ACE may limit the dividends that these
companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with financings arranged through ComEd Financing III that it will not declare dividends on any
shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payme nt periods on the subordinated debt
securities issued to Com Ed Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures, which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuan t to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be 48% as equity  levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC  or (b) Pepco’ s senior
unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DEPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one
of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common  shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are calculated
under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit
rating agenc ies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requi res ACE to obtain the prior approval
of the NJBPU before
312
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization, excluding securitizati on debt, falls below 30%. No such
events have occurred.
Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) and Related Matters (Exelon and ComEd). Exelon and ComEd received a grand jury
subpoena in the second quarter of 2019 from the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern District of Illinois (USAO) requiring
production of information  concerning their lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, Exelon and ComEd received
a second grand jury subpoena from the USAO requiring production of records of any communications with certain individuals and
entities. On October 22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it had also opened an investigation into their lobbying
activities. On July 17, 2020, ComEd entered into a DPA with the USAO to resolve the USAO investigation. Under the DPA, the
USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComE d improperly gave and offered to give jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments
associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and the
Speaker ’s associates, with the intent to influence the Speaker ’s action regarding legislation affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA
provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or civil case against ComEd in connection
with the matters identifie d therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of Com Ed, including payment to the U.S.
Treasury of $200 million, which was paid in November 2020. Exelon was not made a party to the DPA, and therefore the
investigation by the USAO into Exelon’ s activiti es ended with no charges being brought again st Exelon. The SEC’ s investigation
remains ongoing and Exelon and ComEd have cooperated fully and intend to continue to coope rate fully with the SEC. Exelon and
ComEd cannot predict the outcome of the SEC investigation. No loss contingency has been reflected in Exelon's and ComEd's
consolidated financial statements with respect to the SEC investigation, as this contingency is neither probable nor reasonably
estimable at this time.
Subsequent to Exelon announcing the receipt of the subpoenas, various lawsuits were filed, and various demand letters were
received related to the subject of the subpoenas, the conduct described in the DP A and the SEC's investigation, including:
•Four putative class action lawsuits against ComEd and Exelon were filed in federal court on behalf of ComEd customers in
the third quarter of 2020 alleging, among other things, civil violations of federal racketeering laws. In addition, the Citizens
Utility Board (CUB) filed a motion to intervene in these cases on October 22, 2020 which was granted on December 23,
2020. On December 2, 2020, the court appointed interim lead plaintif fs in the federal cases which consisted of counsel for
three of the four federal cases. These plaintif fs filed a consolidated complaint on January 5, 2021. CUB also filed its own
complaint against ComEd only on the same day. The remaining federal case, Potter , et al. v. Exelon et al, differed from the
other lawsuits as it named additional individual defendants not named in the consolidated complaint. However , the Potter
plaintif fs voluntarily dismissed their complaint without prejudice on April 5, 2021. ComEd and Exelon moved to dismiss the
consolidated class action complaint and CUB’ s complaint on February 4, 2021 and briefing was completed on March 22,
2021. On March 25, 2021, the parties agreed , along with state court plaintif fs, discussed below , to jointly engage in
mediation. The parties participated in a one-day mediation on June 7, 2021 but no settlement was reached. On September
9, 2021, the federal court granted Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s motion to dismiss and dismissed the plaintif fs’ and CUB’ s federal
law claim with prejudice . The federal court also dismissed the related state law claims made by the federal plaintif fs and
CUB on jurisdictional grounds. Plaintif fs have appealed the ruling to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. Plaintif fs' opening
appeal brief was filed on January 14, 2022. Exelon and ComEd have requested an extension until March 7, 2022 to file
their response brief. Plaintiff's reply brief will be due approximately 21 days thereafter . Plaintif fs also refiled their state law
claims in state court and have moved to consolidate that action with the already pending consumer state court class action,
discussed below . CUB also refiled its state law claims in state court.
•Three putative class action lawsuits against ComEd and Exelon were filed in Illinois state court in the third quarter of 2020
seeking restitution and compensatory damages on behalf of ComEd customers. The cases were consolidated into a single
action in October of 2020. In November 2020, CUB filed a motion to intervene in the cases pursuant to an Illinois statute
allowing CUB to intervene as a party or otherwise participate on behalf of utility consumers in any proceeding which affects
the interest of utility consumers. On November 23, 2020, the court allowed CUB’ s intervention , but denied its request to
stay these cases. Plaintif fs subsequently filed a consolidated complaint, and ComEd and Exelo n filed a motion to dismiss
on jurisdictional and substantive grounds on January 11, 2021. Briefing on that motion was completed on March 2, 2021.
The parties agreed, on March 25, 2021, along with the federal court
313
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
plaintif fs discussed abov e, to jointly engage in mediation. The parties participated in a one-day mediation on June 7, 2021
but no settlement was reached. On December 23, 2021, the state court granted ComEd and Exelon’ s motion to dismiss
with prejudice. On Dece mber 30, 2021, plaintif fs filed a motion to reconsider that dismissal and for permission to amend
their compla int. The court denied the plaintif fs' motion on January 21, 2022. Plaintif fs have appealed the court's ruling
dismissing their compla int to the First District Court of Appeals. On February 15, 2022, Exelon and ComEd moved to
dismiss the federal plaintif fs' refiled state law claims, seeking dismissal on the same legal grounds as those asserted in
their motion to dismiss the original state court plaintif fs' complaint. The parties agreed to subm it their motion to dismiss
briefing as a package, which included Exelon' and ComEd's motion, plaintif fs' response, and Exelon's and ComEd's reply ,
in order to facilitate a speedy resolution by the court. The court granted dismissal of the refiled state claims on February 16,
2022. The original federal plaintif fs filed their notice of appeal of that dismissal on February 18, 2022.
•A putative class action lawsuit against Exelon and certain officers of Exelon and ComEd was filed in federal court in
December 2019 alleging misrepresentations and omissions in Exelon’ s SEC filings related to ComEd’ s lobbying activities
and the related investigations. The complaint was amended on September 16, 2020, to dismiss two of the original
defendants and add other defendants, including ComEd. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss in November 2020. The court
denied the motion in April 2021. On May 26, 2021, defendants moved the court to certify its order denying the motion to
dismiss for interlocutory appeal. Briefing on the motion was completed in June 2021. That motion was denied on January
28, 2022. In May 2021, the parties each filed respective initial discovery disclosures. On June 9, 2021, defendants filed
their answer and affirmative defenses to the complaint and the parties engaged thereafter in discovery . On September 9,
2021, the U.S. government moved to interve ne in the lawsuit and stay discovery until the parties entered into an
amendment to their protective order that would prohibit the parties from requesting discovery into certain matters, including
communications with the U.S. government. The court ordered said amendment to the protective order on November 15,
2021 and discovery resumed. The parties are required to substantially complete discovery by February 15, 2022. On
February 10, 2022, the court granted an extension of the amendment to the protective order , at the U.S. government's
request, to May 15, 2022, and directed the parties to submit a proposed joint schedule for the additional case proceedings
by May 13, 2022.
•Six shareho lders have sent letters to the Exelon Board of Directors from 2020 through January  2022 demanding, among
other things, that the Exelon Board of Directors investigate and address alleged breaches of fiduciary duties and other
alleged violations by Exelon and ComEd officers and directors related to the conduct describ ed in the DPA. In the first
quarter of 2021, the Exelon Board of Directors appointed a Special Litigation Committee ("SLC") consisting of disinterested
and independent parties to investigate and address these shareholders' allegations and make recommendations to the
Exelon Board of Direct ors based on the outcome of the SLC's investigation. In July 2021, one of the demand letter
shareholders filed a derivative action against current and former Exelon and ComEd officers and directors, and against
Exelon, as nominal defendant, asserting the same claims made in its demand letter . On October 12, 2021, the parties to the
derivative action filed an agreed motion to stay that litigation for 120 days in order to allow the SLC to continue its
investigation, which the court granted. On January 31, 2022, the parties jointly moved the court to extend the stay an
additional 120 days.
•Two separate shareholder requests seeking review of certain Exelon books and records were received in August 2021 and
January 2022. Exelon has responded to the first request and the shareholder thereafter sent a formal shareholder demand
to the Exelon Board as discussed above. Exelon is in the process of responding to the second request.
No loss contingencies have been reflected in Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s consolidated financial statem ents with respect to these matters,
as such contingencies are neither probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
The ICC continues to conduct an investigation into rate impacts of conduct admitted in the DPA initiated on August 12, 2021. On
December 16, 2021 ComEd filed direct testimony addressing the costs recovered from customers related to the DPA and Exelon’ s
funding of the fine paid by ComEd. In that testimony , ComEd proposed to voluntarily refund to customers compensation costs of the
former officers charged with wrongdoing in connection with events described in the DPA for the period during which those events
occurred as well as costs, previously proposed to be returned, of individuals and entities specifically identified in the DPA, as well as
individuals and entities who were referred to ComEd as part of the conduct described in the DP A and who failed,
314
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
during their tenure at ComEd, to perform work to management expectations. Exelon and Com Ed recorded a loss contingency for
these comp ensation costs as of December 31, 2021, which for financial statement disclos ure purposes is not material. The
testimony supports the calculation of the refund  amount and proposes a refund mechanism (one time bill credit in February 2023)
and also addresses other topics outlined by statute and the ICC orders initiating the investigatio n. ComEd also presented evidence
concerning the lawfulness of ComEd’ s past rates more generally . However , in response to pre-he aring motions concerning the scope
of the hearing and permissible discovery and testimony , the ICC Administrate Law Judge ("ALJ") assigned ruled that scope of this
proceeding was limited to whether ComEd used ratepayer funds to pay the “effectuation costs” for the conduct described in the DPA
and to pay the criminal fine. Consistent with that scope, the ALJ limited the testimony to those subjects. Consistent with that ruling
and a failure to exhaust other discovery , on January 18, 2022 the ALJ denied plaintif fs’ counsel’ s request to depose witnesses
including several current and former ComEd and Exelon executives.
Impacts of the February 2021 Extreme Cold Weather Event and Texas-based Generating Assets Outages (Exelon).
Beginning on February 15, 2021, Exelon’ s Texas-based generating assets within the ERCOT  market, specifically Colorado Bend II,
Wolf Hollow  II, and Handley , experienced outages as a result of extreme cold weather conditions. In addition, those weather
conditions drove increased demand for service, dramatically increased wholesale power prices, and also increased gas prices in
certain regions. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
Various lawsuits have been filed against Exelon since March 2021 related to these events, including:
•On March 5, 2021, Exelon, along with more than 160 power generators and transmission and distribution companies, was
sued by approximately 160 individually named plaintif fs, purportedly on behalf of all Texans who allegedly suffered loss of
life or sustai ned persona l injury , property damage or other losses as a result of the weather even ts. The plaintif fs allege that
the defendants failed to properly prepare for the cold weather and failed to properly conduct their operations, seeking
compensatory as well as punitive damages. On April 26, 2021, another multi-plaintif f lawsuit was filed on behalf of
approximately 90 plaintif fs against more than 300 defendants, including Exelon, involving similar allegations of liability and
claims of personal injury and property damage. Since March 2021, approximately 60 additional lawsuits, naming multiple
defendants including Exelon, were filed by individual or multiple plaintif fs in different Texas counties, all arising out of the
February weather events. These additional lawsuits allege wrongful death, property dama ge, or other losses. Co-
defendants in these lawsuits include ERCOT , transmission and distribution utilities and other generators. On December 28,
2021, appro ximately 130 insurance companies which insured Texas homeowners and businesses filed a subrogation
lawsuit against multiple defendants, including Exelon, alleging that defendants were at fault for the energy failure that
resulted from the winter storm, causing significant property damage to the insureds. Additionall y, as of January 28, 2022,
Exelon has been added  to approximately 80 additional wrongful death, personal injury and property damage lawsuits
through the Multi-District-Litigation (MDL) pending in Texas state court. The MDL now includes all of the above-described
Texas state court matter s. Exelon disputes liabili ty and denies that it is responsible for any of plaintif fs’ alleged claims and is
vigorously contesting them. No loss contingenci es have been reflected in Exelon’ s consolidated financial statements with
respect to these matters, as such contingencies are neither probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
•On March 22, 2021, an LDC filed a lawsuit in Missouri federal court against Generation for breach of contract and unjust
enrichment, seeking damages of approximately $40 million. The plaintif f claims that Generation failed to deliver gas to its
customers in February of 2021, causing the plaintif f to incur damages by forcing it to purchase gas for Exelon’ s customers
and by Exelon’ s refusal to pay the resulting penalties. On March 26, 2021, Exelon filed a complaint with the MPSC against
the LDC to void the OFO penalties, or alternatively to grant a waiver or variance from the tariff requirements, to prohibit the
LDC from billing or otherwise attempting to collect from Exelon or any Missouri customer any portion of the penalties
claimed by the LDC until the resolution of the complaint, and to prohibit the LDC from taking any retaliatory measure,
including termination of service. On September 1, 2021, the MPSC consolidated Exelon’ s complaint with two other similar
complaints from other companies. On January 4, 2022, the court denied Exelon's motion to dismiss, but in the alternative
granted its motion to stay pending MPSC resolution of Exelon's complaint. The MPSC has scheduled an evidentiary
hearing for the three consolidated complaint cases in April 2022. Based on the penalty provisions within the tarif f
315
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
that was in ef fect at the relevant time, Exelon recorded a liability of approximately $ 40 million as of December 31, 2021.
Savings Plan Claim (Exelon).  On December 6, 2021, seven current and forme r employees filed a putative ERISA  class action suit
in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against Exelon, its Board of Directors, the former Board Investment Oversight
Committee, the Corporate Investment Committe e, individual defendants, and other unnamed fiduciaries of the Exelon Corporation
Employee Savings Plan (“Plan”). The complaint alleges that the defendants violated their fiduciar y duties under the Plan by including
certain investment options that allegedly were more expensive than and underperformed simila r passively-managed or other funds
available in the marketplace and permitting a third-party administrative service provider/recordkeeper and an investment adviser to
charge excessive fees for the services provided. The plaintif fs seek declaratory , equitable and monetary relief on behalf of the Plan
and particip ants. On February 16, 2022, the court granted the parties' stipulated dismissal of the individual named defendants
without prejudice. The remaining defendants' responsive pleading is due February 25, 2022. No loss contingencies have been
reflected in Exelon’ s consolidated financial statements with respect to this matter , as such contingencies are neither probable nor
reasonably estimable at this time.
General (All Registrants). The Registrants are involved in various other litigation matters that are being defended and handled in
the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a
range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. The Registrants maintain accruals for
such losses that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. Management is sometimes unable to estimate
an amount or range of reasonably possible loss, particularly where (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings
are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such case s, there is considerable uncertainty
regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss.
20. Shareholders' Equity (All Registrants)
ComEd Common Stock W arrants
The followin g table presents warrants outstanding to purchase ComEd common stock and shares of common stock reserved for the
conversion of warrants. The warrants entitle the holders to convert such warrants into common stock of ComEd at a conversion rate
of one share of common stock for three warrants.
December 31,
2021 2020
Warrants outstanding 60,061  60,143  
Common Stock reserved for conversion 20,020  20,048  
Share Repurchases
There currently is no Exelon Board of Director authority to repurchase shares. Any previous shares repurchased are held as treasury
shares, at cost, unless cancelled or reissued at the discretion of Exelon’ s management.
Preferred and Preference Securities
The followin g table presents Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, and ACE's shares of preferred securities authorized, none  of
which were outstanding, as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. There are no shares of preferred securities authorized for DPL.
316
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Shareholders' Equity
Preferred Securities Authorized
Exelon 100,000,000  
ComEd 850,000  
PECO 15,000,000  
BGE 1,000,000  
Pepco 6,000,000  
ACE 2,799,979  
__________
(a)Includes 799,979 shares of cumulative preferred stock and 2,000,000 of no-par preferred stock as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
The following table presents ComEd's, BGE's, and ACE's preference securities authorized, none  of which were outstand ing as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020. There are no shares of preference securities authorized for Exelon, PECO, Pepco, and DPL.
Preference Securities Authorized
ComEd 6,810,451  
BGE 6,500,000  
ACE 3,000,000  
__________
(a)Includes 4,600,000 shares of unclassified preference securities and 1,900,000 shares of previously redeemed preference securities as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020.
21. Stock-Based Compensation Plans (All Registrants)
Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Exelon grants stock-based awards through its LTIP, which primarily includes performance share awards, restricted stock units, and
stock options. At Decem ber 31, 2021, there were approximately 33 million shares authorize d for issuance under the LTIP. For the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, exercised and distributed stock-based awards were primarily issued from
authorized but unissued common stock shares.
The Registra nts grant cash awards. The following table does not include expense related to these plans as they are not considered
stock-based compensation plans under the applicable authoritative guidance.
The following table presents the stock-based compensation expense included in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income. The Utility Registrants' stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021,
2020, and 2019 was not material.
Year Ended December 31,
Exelon 2021 2020 2019
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating
and maintenance expense $ 142 $ 64 $ 77 
Income tax benefit (37) (16) (20)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 105 $ 48 $ 57 
Exelon recei ves a tax deduction based on the intrinsic value of the award on the exercise date for stock options and the distribution
date for performance share awards and restricted stock units. For each award, throughout the requisite service period, Exelon
recognizes the tax benefit related to compensation costs. The following table presents information regarding Exelon’ s realized tax
benefit when distributed:(a)
(a)
317
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Year Ended December 31,
2021 2020 2019
Performance share awards $ 9 $ 21 $ 41 
Restricted stock units 11 15 24 
Performance Share Awards
Performance share awards are granted under the LTIP. The performance share awards are settled 50% in common stock and 50%
in cash at the end of the three-year performanc e period, except for awards granted to vice presidents and higher officers that are
settled 100% in cash if certain ownership requirements are satisfied.
The common stock portion of the performance share awards is considered an equity award and is valued based on Exelon's stock
price on the grant date. The cash portion of the performance share awards is considered a liabili ty award which is remeasured each
reporting period based on Exelon’ s current stock  price. As the value of the common stock and cash portions of the awards are based
on Exelon’ s stock price during the performance period, coupled with changes in the total shareh older return modifier and expected
payout of the award, the compensation costs are subject to volatility until payout is established.
For nonretire ment-eligible employees, stock-bas ed compensation costs are recognized over the vesting period of three years  using
the straight- line method. For performance share awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, the value of the performance
shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period, which is the year of grant.
Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested performance share awards activity:
SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2020 930,392  $ 43.67  
Granted 1,131,788  43.37  
Change in performance 713,202  45.59  
Vested (327,551 ) 38.66  
Forfeited (157,552 ) 44.45  
Undistributed vested awards (1,067,763 ) 44.58  
Nonvested at December 31, 2021 1,222,516  $ 44.96  
__________
(a)Excludes 1,934,238 and 1,414,661 of performance share awards issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents performance share awards that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2021.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of performance share awards
vested.
Year Ended December 31,
2021 2020 2019
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 43.37  $ 46.61  $ 47.37  
Total fair value of performance shares vested 44 39 158 
Total fair value of performance shares settled in cash 28 63 131 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2021, $26 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance shares are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 1.8 years.
Restricted Stock Units(a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
318
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Restricted stock units are granted under the LTIP with the majority being settled in a specific number of shares of common stock
after the service conditio n has been met. The corresponding cost of services is measured base d on the grant date fair value of the
restricted stock unit issued.
The value of the restrict ed stock units is expensed over the requisite service period using the straight-line method. The requisite
service period for restric ted stock units is generally three  to five years . However , certain restri cted stock unit awards become fully
vested upon the employee reaching retirement-eligibility . The value of the restricted stock units granted to retirement-eligible
employees is either recognized ratably over the first six months in the year of grant if the employee reaches retirement eligibility prior
to July 1st of the grant year or through the date of which the employee reaches retirement eligibility . Exelon processes forfeitures as
they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested restricted stock unit activity:
SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2020 1,114,130  $ 43.67  
Granted 879,606  44.21  
Vested (397,526 ) 44.39  
Forfeited (57,646 ) 44.98  
Undistributed vested awards (396,515 ) 43.66  
Nonvested at December 31, 2021 1,142,049 $ 43.52  
__________
(a)Excludes 609,934 and 748,165 of restricted stock units issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents restricted stock units that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2021.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of restricted stock units vested.
Year Ended December 31,
2021 2020 2019
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 44.21  $ 46.33  $ 45.65  
Total fair value of restricted stock units vested 34 54 92 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2021, $22 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested restricted stock units are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 2.3 years.
Stock Options
Non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Exelon’ s common stock were granted through 2012 under the LTIP. The exercise
price of the stock option s is equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of option grant. Stock options will
expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
At December 31, 2021 all stock options were vested and there were no unrecognized compensation costs.(a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
319
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
The following table presents information with respect to stock option activity:
SharesWeighted
Average
Exercise
Price
(per share)Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life
(years)Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31,
2020 1,265,410  $ 40.57  0.91 $ 3 
Options exercised (928,003 ) 39.45  11 
Options expired (310,400 ) 43.40  
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31,
2021 27,007  $ 46.47  0.15 $ — 
Exercisable at December 31, 2021 27,007  $ 46.47  0.15 $ — 
__________
(a)Includes stock options issued to retirement eligible employees.
The following table summarizes additional information regarding stock options exercised:
Year Ended December 31,
2021 2020 2019
Intrinsic value $ 11 $ 5 $ 9 
Cash received for exercise price 37 18 59 
__________
(a)The difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the option exercise price.
22. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Exelon)
The following tables present changes in Exelon's AOCI, net of tax, by component:
Losses on
Cash Flow
HedgesPension and
Non-Pension
Postretirement
Benefit Plan
Items Foreign
Currency
ItemsAOCI of Investments
Unconsolidated
Affiliates Total
Balance at December 31, 2018 $ (2)$ (2,960 )$ (33)$ — $ (2,995 )
OCI before reclassifications — (289) 6 (2) (285)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — 84 — 2 86 
Net current-period OCI — (205) 6 — (199)
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ (2)$ (3,165 )$ (27)$ — $ (3,194 )
OCI before reclassifications (3) (357) 4 — (356)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — 150 — — 150 
Net current-period OCI (3) (207) 4 — (206)
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ (5)$ (3,372 )$ (23)$ — $ (3,400 )
OCI before reclassifications (1) 432 — — 431 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — 219 — — 219 
Net current-period OCI (1) 651 — — 650 
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ (6)$ (2,721 )$ (23)$ — $ (2,750 )
__________ 
(a)This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB cost. See Note 15 — Retirement Benefits for additional
information. See Exelon's Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for individual components of AOCI.(a)
(a)
(a) (b)
320
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(b)All amounts are net of noncontrolling interests.
The following table presents income tax benefit (expense) allocated to each component of Exelon's other comprehensive income
(loss):
 For the Year Ended December 31,
 2021 2020 2019
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost $ 4 $ 16 $ 23 
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost (76) (66) (52)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans valuation
adjustment (153) 122 100 
23. Variable Interest Entities (Exelon, PHI, and ACE)
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon, PHI, and ACE collectively consolidated several VIEs or VIE groups for which the
applicable Registrant was the primary beneficiar y (see Consolidated VIEs  below) and had significant interests in several other VIEs
for which the applicable  Registrant does not have the power to direct the entities’  activities and, accordingly , was not the primary
beneficiary (see Unconsolidated VIEs  below). Consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs are aggregated to the extent that the entities
have similar risk profiles.
321
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
Consolidated VIEs
The table below shows  the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated VIEs’  assets and liabilities included in the
consolidated financial statements of Exelon, PHI, and ACE as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The assets, except as noted in the
footnotes to the table below , can only be used to settle obligations of the VIEs. The liabilities, except as noted in the footnotes to the
table below , are such that creditors, or beneficiaries, do not have recourse to the general credit of Exelon, PHI, and ACE.
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Exelon PHI ACE Exelon PHI ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $ 35 $ — $ — $ 98 $ — $ — 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 48 — — 47 3 3 
Accounts receivable
Customer 24 — — 148 — — 
Other 6 — — 36 — — 
Inventories, net
Materials and supplies 14 — — 244 — — 
Assets held for sale — — — 101 — — 
Other current assets 405 — — 696 5 — 
Total current assets 532 — — 1,370  8 3 
Property , plant and equipment, net 2,027  — — 5,803  — — 
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds — — — 3,007  — — 
Other noncurrent assets 215 — — 301 10 10 
Total noncurrent assets 2,242  — — 9,111  10 10 
Total assets $2,774  $ — $ — $10,481  $ 18 $ 13 
Long-term debt due within one year $ 70 $ — $ — $ 94 $ 26 $ 21 
Accounts payable 10 — — 81 — — 
Accrued expenses 21 — — 70 — — 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities — — — 4 — — 
Liabilities held for sale — — — 16 — — 
Other current liabilities 1 — — 5 — — 
Total current liabilities 102 — — 270 26 21 
Long-term debt 822 — — 889 — — 
Asset retirement obligations 151 — — 2,318  — — 
Other noncurrent liabilities 3 — — 129 — — 
Total noncurrent liabilities 976 — — 3,336  — — 
Total liabilities $1,078  $ — $ — $3,606  $ 26 $ 21 
__________
(a)Includes certain purchase accounting adjustments from the PHI merger not pushed down to ACE.
(b)Generation entered into an agreement for the sale of a significant portion of Generation's solar business. As a result of this transaction, in the
fourth quarter of 2020, Exelon reclassified the consolidated VIEs' solar assets and liabilities as held for sale. Refer to Note 2 — Mergers,
Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information on the sale of the solar business.
(c)Exelon's balances include unrestricted assets for current unamortized energy contract assets of $23 million and $22 million, disclosed within
other current assets in the table above, non-current unamortized energy contract assets of $202 million and $249 million, disclosed within other
noncurrent assets in the table above, Assets held for sale of $0 million and $9 million, and other unrestricted assets of $0 million and $1 million
as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(d)Exelon's balances include liabilities with recourse of $1 million and $8 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.(a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(d)
322
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon's consolidated VIEs associated with Generation included the following:
Consolidated VIE or VIE groups: Reason entity is a VIE: Reason Exelon is primary beneficiary:
CENG - A joint venture between Generation and
EDF. Generation had a 50.01% equity ownership in
CENG as of December 31, 2020 and acquired
EDF's 49.99% equity interest on August 6, 2021
resulting in CENG no longer being classified as a
consolidated VIE beginning in the third quarter of
2021. See additional discussion below.Disproportionate relationship between equity interest
and operational control as a result of the NOSA
described further below.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
CRP - A collection of wind and solar project entities.
Generation has a 51% equity ownership in CRP. See
additional discussion below.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
Bluestem Wind Energy Holdings, LLC - A Tax Equity
structure which is consolidated by CRP. Generation
has a noncontrolling interest.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
Antelope Valley - A solar generating facility, which is
100% owned by Generation. Antelope Valley sells all
of its output to PG&E through a PPA.The PPA contract absorbs variability through a
performance guarantee.Generation conducts all activities.
Equity investment in distributed energy company -
Generation has a 31% equity ownership. This
distributed energy company has an interest in an
unconsolidated VIE. (See Unconsolidated VIEs
disclosure below).
Exelon fully impaired this investment in the third
quarter of 2019. Refer to Note 12 — Asset
Impairments for additional information.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
NER - A bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity
which is 100% owned by Generation, which
purchases certain of Generation’s customer
accounts receivable arising from the sale of retail
electricity.
NER’s assets will be available first and foremost to
satisfy the claims of the creditors of NER. Refer to
Note 6 —Accounts Receivable for additional
information on the sale of receivables.Equity capitalization is insufficient to support its
operations.Generation conducts all activities.
CENG  - On April 1, 2014, Generation, CENG, and subsidiaries of CENG executed the NOSA  pursuant to which Generation conducts
all activities associated with the operations of the CENG fleet and provides corporate and admin istrative services to CENG and the
CENG fleet for the rema ining life of the CENG nuclear plants as if they were a part of the Generation nuclear fleet, subject to the
CENG member rights of EDF .
On Novemb er 20, 2019, Generation received notice of EDF's intention to exercise the put option to sell its interest in CENG to
Generation and the put automatically exercised on January 19, 2020. On August 6, 2021, Generation and EDF entered into a
settlement agreement pursuant to which Generation purchased EDF's equity interest in CENG  and resulted in CENG no longer
being classi fied as a consolidated VIE beginning in the third quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and
Dispositions for additional information.
Exelon and Generation, where indicated, provide the following support to CENG:
323
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
•Generation executed an Indemnity Agreement pursuant to which Generation agreed to indemnify EDF against third-party
claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the
CENG nucle ar plants or their operations. Exelo n guarantees Generation’ s obligations under this Indemnity Agreement
and will continue to do so post-separation, howe ver, any calls on this guarantee would require Generation to reimburse
Exelon under the terms of the Separation Agree ment. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 26 -
Separation for more details.
•Exelon has executed an agreement to provide up to $245 million to support the operations of CENG as well as a $165
million guarantee of CENG’ s cash pooling agreement with its subsidiaries. Both the support agreement and guarantee
terminated upon separation.
Prior to August 6, 2021, Generation and EDF shared in the $688 million of the contingent payment obligations for the payment of
contingent retrospective  premium adjustments for the nuclear liability insurance. Following  the execution of the settlement
agreement, EDF no longer shares in the obligation.
CRP  - CRP  is a collection of wind and solar project entities and some of these project entities are VIEs that are consolidated by
CRP. While Generation or CRP  owns 100% of the solar entities and 100% of the majority of the wind entities, it has been determined
that the wholly owned solar and wind entities are VIEs because the entities' customers abso rb price variability from the entities
through fixed price power and/or REC purchase agreements. Additionally , for the wind entities that have minority interests, it has
been determined that these entities are VIEs because the governance rights of some investors are not proportional to their financial
rights. Gene ration is the primary beneficiary of these solar and wind entities that qualify as VIEs because Generation controls
operations and direct all activities of the facilities. There is limited recourse to Generation related to certain solar and wind entities.
In 2017, Exelon's interests in CRP  were contrib uted to and are pledged for the CR non-recourse debt project financing structure.
Refer to Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon's, PHI's and ACE's consolidated VIE consists of:
Consolidated VIEs: Reason entity is a VIE:Reason ACE is the primary
beneficiary:
ACE Funding - A special purpose entity formed by ACE for the purpose
of securitizing authorized portions of ACE’s recoverable stranded costs
through the issuance and sale of Transition Bonds. Proceeds from the
sale of each series of Transition Bonds by ATF were transferred to ACE
in exchange for the transfer by ACE to ATF of the right to collect a non-
bypassable Transition Bond Charge from ACE customers pursuant to
bondable stranded costs rate orders issued by the NJBPU in an amount
sufficient to fund the principal and interest payments on Transition
Bonds and related taxes, expenses, and fees. In the fourth quarter of
2021, the Transition bonds were fully redeemed and ACE remitted its
final payment to ATF. Upon redemption of the bonds, ATF no longer
meets the definition of a variable interest entity.ACE’s equity investment is a variable
interest as, by design, it absorbs any
initial variability of ATF. The
bondholders also have a variable
interest for the investment made to
purchase the Transition Bonds.ACE controls the servicing
activities.
Unconsolidated VIEs
Exelon’ s variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs generally include equity investments and energy purchase and sale contracts. For
the equity investments, the carrying amount of the investments is reflected in Exelon’ s Consolida ted Balance Sheets in Investments.
For the energy purchas e and sale contracts (commercial agreements), the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in Exelon’ s
Consolidated Balance Sheets that relate to their involvement with the VIEs are predominantly related to working capital accounts
and generally represent the amounts owed by, or owed to, Exelon for the deliveries associated with the current billing cycles under
the commercial agreements.
324
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon had significant unconsolidated variable interests in several VIEs for which Exelon was
not the primary beneficiary . These interests include certain equity method investments and certain commercial agreements.
The following table presents summary information about Exelon's significant unconsolidated VIE entities:
December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020
Commercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs TotalCommercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs Total
Total assets $ 772 $ 372 $ 1,144  $ 777 $ 401 $ 1,178  
Total liabilities 80 216 296 61 223 284 
Exelon's ownership interest in VIE — 139 139 — 157 157 
Other ownership interests in VIE 692 17 709 716 21 737 
__________
(a)These items represent amounts in the unconsolidated VIE balance sheets, not in Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. These items are
included to provide information regarding the relative size of the unconsolidated VIEs. Exelon does not have any exposure to loss as they do not
have a carrying amount in the equity investment VIEs as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon's unconsolidated VIEs consist of:
Unconsolidated VIE groups: Reason entity is a VIE:Reason Exelon is not the primary
beneficiary:
Equity investments in distributed energy companies -
1) Generation has a 90% equity ownership in a distributed
energy company.
2) Generation, via a consolidated VIE, has a 90% equity
ownership in another distributed energy company (See
Consolidated VIEs disclosure above).
Exelon fully impaired this investment in the third quarter of 2019.
Refer to Note 12 — Asset Impairments for additional
information.Similar structures to a limited
partnership and the limited partners do
not have kick out rights with respect to
the general partner.Generation does not conduct the
operational activities.
Energy Purchase and Sale agreements - Generation has
several energy purchase and sale agreements with generating
facilities.PPA contracts that absorb variability
through fixed pricing.Generation does not conduct the
operational activities.(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
325
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
24. Supplemental Financial Information (All Registrants)
Supplemental Statement of Operations Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Taxes other than income taxes
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Utility $ 873 $ 246 $ 139 $ 88 $301 $ 278 $ 22 $ 3 
Property 633 39 18 176 131 88 40 3 
Payroll 233 27 16 18 27 7 5 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Utility $ 859 $ 238 $ 135 $ 87 $299 $ 275 $ 21 $ 3 
Property 602 30 16 164 126 84 39 3 
Payroll 235 27 16 17 25 7 5 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Utility $ 881 $ 242 $ 132 $ 90 $304 $ 286 $ 18 $ — 
Property 595 29 17 153 122 85 34 2 
Payroll 232 27 15 17 24 7 4 2 
__________
(a)Exelon’s utility tax represents gross receipts tax related to Generation's retail operations, and the Utility Registrants’ utility taxes represents
municipal and state utility taxes and gross receipts taxes related to their operating revenues. The offsetting collection of utility taxes from
customers is recorded in revenues in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
(a)
326
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Other, net
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units $ 817 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units 449 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units 351 — — — — — — — 
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units 209 — — — — — — — 
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related activities (917) — — — — — — — 
Decommissioning-related activities 909 — — — — — — — 
AFUDC—Equity 136 34 26 27 49 40 6 3 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 91 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized losses from equity investments (160) — — — — — — — 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units $ 185 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units 160 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units 724 — — — — — — — 
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units 391 — — — — — — — 
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related activities (729) — — — — — — — 
Decommissioning-related activities 731 — — — — — — — 
AFUDC—Equity 104 29 17 22 36 28 4 4 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 53 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized gains from equity investments 186 — — — — — — — 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units $ 297 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units 363 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units 795 — — — — — — — 
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units 411 — — — — — — — 
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related activities (876) — — — — — — — 
Decommissioning-related activities 990 — — — — — — — 
AFUDC—Equity 85 17 13 21 34 25 4 5 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 13 — — — — — — — 
__________
(a)Realized income includes interest, dividends, and realized gains and losses on sales of NDT fund investments.
(b)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units except for decommissioning-related impacts
that were not offset for the Byron units starting in the second quarter of 2021, including the elimination of income taxes related to all NDT fund
activity for those units. With the September 15, 2021 reversal of the previous decision to retire Byron, Generation resumed contractual offset for
Byron as of that date. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear
decommissioning and the contractual offset suspension for the Byron units.
(c)Net unrealized (losses) gains from equity investments that became publicly traded entities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first half of 2021.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
327
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Property, plant, and equipment $5,384 $ 970 $ 336 $439 $627 $ 274 $169 $155 
Amortization of regulatory assets 594 235 12 152 194 129 41 24 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 58 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets and liabilities 31 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 992 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 514 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and accretion $7,573 $ 1,205 $ 348 $591 $821 $ 403 $210 $179 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Property, plant, and equipment $4,364 $ 922 $ 319 $397 $586 $ 257 $155 $140 
Amortization of regulatory assets 588 211 28 153 196 120 36 40 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 62 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets and liabilities 30 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 983 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 500 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and accretion $6,527 $ 1,133 $ 347 $550 $782 $ 377 $191 $180 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Property, plant, and equipment $3,665 $ 886 $ 303 $359 $547 $ 239 $146 $123 
Amortization of regulatory assets 528 147 30 143 207 135 38 34 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 59 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets and liabilities 21 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 1,016 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 491 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and accretion $5,780 $ 1,033 $ 333 $502 $754 $ 374 $184 $157 
__________
(a)Included in Depreciation and amortization in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(b)Included in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense in Exelon’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
(c)Included in Purchased power and fuel expense in Exelon’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(d)Included in Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
328
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Cash paid (refunded) during the year:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $ 1,505 $ 372 $152 $134 $255 $132 $ 59 $ 56 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 281 (72) (4) (38) — 12 (9) 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $ 1,521 $ 371 $144 $125 $257 $129 $ 61 $ 57 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 10 (61) (37) (57) 46 40 12 (3)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $ 1,470 $ 343 $129 $106 $255 $130 $ 59 $ 55 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 265 (42) 82 17 29 7 19 (5)
329
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Other non-cash operating activities:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit costs $ 411 $ 129 $ 8 $ 61 $ 49 $ 6 $ 2 $ 11 
Allowance for credit losses 160 47 39 17 24 9 5 10 
Other decommissioning-related activity (946) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 125 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling mechanisms and
formula rates (171) (42) (26) (12) (91) (53) (14) (24)
Severance costs (57) 2 — — 1 — — — 
Long-term incentive plan 137 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU asset 183 1 — 29 28 6 8 4 
AFUDC - Equity (136) (34) (26) (27) (49) (40) (6) (3)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit costs $ 411 $ 114 $ 5 $ 62 $ 70 $ 15 $ 7 $ 14 
Allowance for credit losses 150 32 42 15 43 24 16 2 
Other decommissioning-related activity (659) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 104 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling mechanisms and
formula rates (6) 47 (16) (16) (21) (40) 7 12 
Severance costs 105 1 1 — — — — — 
Provision for excess and obsolete inventory 131 2 1 — — — — — 
Long-term incentive plan 56 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU asset 222 2 1 31 28 7 8 3 
Asset impairments — 15 — — 13 — 7 6 
AFUDC - Equity (104) (29) (17) (22) (36) (28) (4) (4)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit costs $ 438 $ 96 $ 12 $ 61 $ 95 $ 25 $ 15 $ 16 
Allowance for credit losses 120 33 31 8 17 7 4 5 
Other decommissioning-related activity (506) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 22 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling mechanisms and
formula rates 124 128 — — (4) (4) — — 
Long-term incentive plan 10 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU Asset 244 3 — 30 33 8 8 4 
Change in environmental liabilities 23 — — — 23 23 — — 
AFUDC - Equity (85) (17) (13) (21) (34) (25) (4) (5)
__________
(a)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units except for decommissioning-related impacts
that were not offset for the Byron units starting in the second quarter of 2021, including the elimination of operating revenues, ARO accretion,
ARC amortization, investment income, and income taxes related to all NDT fund activity for these units. With the September 15, 2021 reversal of
the previous decision to retire Byron, Generation resumed contractual offset for Byron as of that date. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement
Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear decommissioning and for additional information on the contractual
offset suspension for the Byron units.
(b)Includes option premiums reclassified to realized at the settlement of the underlying contracts and recorded to results of operations.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(d)
330
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
(c)For ComEd, reflects the true-up adjustments in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its distribution, energy efficiency, distributed
generation, and transmission formula rates. For BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated
with their decoupling mechanisms and transmission formula rates. For PECO, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated
with its transmission formula rate. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(d)For ComEd, reflects the true-up adjustments in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its distribution and energy efficiency formula
rates. For Pepco and DPL, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with their decoupling mechanisms. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters for additional information.
The following tables provide a reconciliation of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents reported within the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,182 $ 131 $ 36 $ 51 $ 136 $ 34 $ 28 $ 29 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 393 210 8 4 77 34 43 — 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 44 43 — — — — — — 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,619 $ 384 $ 44 $ 55 $ 213 $ 68 $ 71 $ 29 
December 31, 2020
Cash and cash equivalents $ 663 $ 83 $ 19 $ 144 $ 111 $ 30 $ 15 $ 17 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 438 279 7 1 39 35 — 3 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 53 43 — — 10 — — 10 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents -
Held for Sale 12 — — — — — — — 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,166 $ 405 $ 26 $ 145 $ 160 $ 65 $ 15 $ 30 
December 31, 2019
Cash and cash equivalents $ 587 $ 90 $ 21 $ 24 $ 131 $ 30 $ 13 $ 12 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 358 150 6 1 36 33 — 2 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 177 163 — — 14 — — 14 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,122 $ 403 $ 27 $ 25 $ 181 $ 63 $ 13 $ 28 
December 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,349 $ 135 $ 130 $ 7 $ 124 $ 16 $ 23 $ 7 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 247 29 5 6 43 37 1 4 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 185 166 — — 19 — — 19 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,781 $ 330 $ 135 $ 13 $ 186 $ 53 $ 24 $ 30 
331
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
The following tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Investments
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021
Equity method investments:
Other equity method investments $ 77 $ 6 $ 7 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Other investments:
Employee benefit trusts and investments 315 — 27 14 145 120 — — 
Equity investments without readily
determinable fair values 44 — — — — — — — 
Other available for sale debt security
investments 7 — — — — — — — 
Total investments $ 443 $ 6 $ 34 $ 14 $ 145 $ 120 $ — $ — 
December 31, 2020
Equity method investments:
Other equity method investments $ 81 $ 6 $ 8 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Other investments:
Employee benefit trusts and investments 283 — 22 10 140 115 — — 
Equity investments without readily
determinable fair values 73 — — — — — — — 
Other available for sale debt security
investments 3 — — — — — — — 
Total investments $ 440 $ 6 $ 30 $ 10 $ 140 $ 115 $ — $ — 
__________
(a)The Registrants’ debt and equity security investments are recorded at fair market value.
Accrued expenses
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2021
Compensation-related accruals $ 991 $ 155 $ 77 $ 78 $ 113 $ 35 $ 20 $ 17 
Taxes accrued 495 94 14 53 96 88 9 11 
Interest accrued 341 116 41 44 52 28 8 11 
December 31, 2020
Compensation-related accruals $ 1,069 $ 170 $ 73 $ 84 $ 109 $ 36 $ 18 $ 17 
Taxes accrued 527 94 16 73 117 90 18 12 
Interest accrued 331 109 37 46 51 26 7 12 
__________
(a)Primarily includes accrued payroll, bonuses and other incentives, vacation, and benefits.(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
332
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
25. Related Party T ransactions (All Registrants)
Utility Registrants' expense with Generation
The Utility Registrants incur expenses from trans actions with the Generation affiliate as described in the footnotes to the table below .
Such expenses are primarily recorded as Purchased power from affiliates and an immaterial amount recorded as Operating and
maintenance expense from af filiates at the Utility Registrants:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2021 2020 2019
ComEd $ 376 $ 330 $ 369 
PECO 196 190 158 
BGE 236 315 289 
PHI 366 367 353 
Pepco 270 279 264 
DPL 79 75 70 
ACE 17 13 19 
__________
(a)ComEd has an ICC-approved RFP contract with Generation to provide a portion of ComEd’s electric supply requirements. ComEd also
purchases RECs and ZECs from Generation.
(b)PECO receives electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through PECO’s competitive procurement process. In addition, PECO
has a ten-year agreement with Generation to sell solar AECs.
(c)BGE receives a portion of its energy requirements from Generation under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and gas commodity
programs.
(d)Pepco receives electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through Pepco's competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and DCPSC.
(e)DPL receives a portion of its energy requirements from Generation under its MDPSC and DEPSC approved market-based SOS commodity
programs.
(f)ACE receives electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through ACE's competitive procurement process.
Service Company Costs for Corporate Support
The Registrants receive a variety of corporate support services from BSC. Pepco, DPL, and ACE also receive corporate support
services from PHISCO. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding BSC and PHISCO.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
333
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
The following table presents the service company costs allocated to the Registrants:
Operating and maintenance from affiliates Capitalized costs
For the years ended December 31, For the years ended December 31,
2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019
Exelon
   BSC $ 637 $ 585 $ 516 
   PHISCO 72 61 72 
ComEd
   BSC 304 283 263 207 186 148 
PECO
   BSC 169 150 149 81 76 88 
BGE
   BSC 189 170 157 92 132 126 
PHI
   BSC 168 152 139 128 149 88 
   PHISCO — — — 72 61 72 
Pepco
   BSC 96 85 85 50 55 38 
   PHISCO 114 120 124 31 27 33 
DPL
   BSC 61 54 52 43 51 25 
   PHISCO 99 97 100 22 18 20 
ACE
   BSC 53 45 42 33 40 19 
   PHISCO 86 87 90 19 16 19 
Current Receivables from/Payables to affiliates
The following tables present Current receivables from af filiates and Current payables to af filiates:
December 31, 2021
Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to
affiliates:ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE Generation BSC PHISCO Other Total
ComEd $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 41 $ 71 $ — $ 9 $ 121 
PECO — — — — — 30 36 — 4 70 
BGE — — — — — 4 41 — 3 48 
PHI — 1 — — — 1 — 5 — 9 16 
Pepco — — 1 1 1 20 21 12 3 59 
DPL — — — — — 4 17 11 1 33 
ACE — — — — — 7 13 9 2 31 
Generation 13 — — — — — 102 — 16 131 
Other 3 — — — — — 11 — — 14 
Total $ 16 $ 1 $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ 2 $ 117 $306 $ 32 $47 $ 523 
334
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
December 31, 2020
Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to
affiliates:ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE Generation BSC PHISCO Other Total
ComEd $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 28 $ 59 $ — $ 9 $ 96 
PECO 1 — — — — 17 28 — 4 50 
BGE — — — — — 11 47 — 3 61 
PHI — — — — — — — 4 — 11 15 
Pepco 2 — 1 — — 13 25 14 — 55 
DPL 1 — — — — 3 21 10 1 36 
ACE — — — — — 6 15 9 1 31 
Generation 13 — — — — — 72 — 22 107 
Other 5 2 2 2 1 6 25 — — 43 
Total $ 22 $ 2 $ 3 $ 2 $ 1 $ 6 $ 103 $271 $ 33 $51 $ 494 
Borrowings from Exelon/PHI intercompany money pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. ComEd, PECO, and PHI Corporate participate in
the Exelon money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE participate in the PHI intercompany money pool.
Noncurrent Receivables from affiliates
ComEd and PECO have Noncurrent receivables with Generation as a result of the nuclear decommissioning contractual construct
whereby , to the extent NDT funds are greater than the underlying ARO at the end of decommissioning, such amounts are due back
to ComEd and PECO, as applicable, for payme nt to their respective customers. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for
additional information.
Long-term debt to financing trusts
The following table presents Long-term debt to financing trusts:
As of December 31,
2021 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO Exelon ComEd PECO
ComEd Financing III $ 206 $ 205 $ — $ 206 $ 205 $ — 
PECO Trust III 81 — 81 81 — 81 
PECO Trust IV 103 — 103 103 — 103 
Total $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 
26. Separation (Exelon)
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies ("the separation").
On February  25, 2021, Exelon filed applications with FERC, NYPSC, and NRC seeking approva ls for the separation of Generation.
On March 25, 2021, Exelon filed a request for a private letter ruling with the IRS to confirm the tax-free treatment of the separation,
which was received on September 23, 2021. Exelon received approval from FERC on August 24, 2021, NRC on November 16,
2021, and NYPSC on December 16, 2021 for the separation.
The Form 10 registration statement was declared ef fective by the SEC on December 29, 2021.
335
Table of Contents
Note 26 — Separation
Exelon completed the separation on February 1, 2022, through the distribution of 326,663,937  common stock shares of
Constellation Energy Corporation, the new publicly traded company , to Exelon shareholders. Under the separation plan, Exelon
shareholders retained their current shares of Exelon stock and received one share of Constellation Energy Corporation common
stock for every three shares of Exelon common stock held on January 20, 2022, the record date for the distribution, in a transaction
that is tax-free to Exelon and its shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
In order to govern the ongoing relationships between Exelon and Constellation Energy Corporation after the separation, and to
facilitate an orderly transition, Exelon and Constellation Energy Corporation have entered into several agreements, including a
Separation Agreement, Tax Matters Agreement, a Transition Services Agreement, and an Employee Matters Agreement, and other
ancillary agreements.
Pursuant to the Separat ion Agreement, Exelon made a cash payment of $1.75 billion to Generation on January 31, 2022. Exelon
issued term loans of $2.0 billion on January 21, 2022 and January 24, 2022 primarily to fund the cash payment to Constellation
Energy Corporation and for general corporate purposes. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
All Registrants—Disclosure Controls and Procedures
During the fourth quart er of 2021, each of the Registrant’ s management, including its princ ipal executive officer and principal
financial officer, evaluated disclosure controls and procedures related to the recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting of
information in that regis trant’ s periodic reports that it files with the SEC. These disclosure controls and procedures have been
designed by each registrant to ensure that (a) information relating to that Registrant, includi ng its consolidated subsidiaries, is
accumulated and made known to that registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
by other employees of that registrant and its subsidiaries as appropriate to allow timely decisions  regarding required disclosure, and
(b) this information is recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated, and reported, as applicable,  within the time periods specified in
the SEC’s rules and forms. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
error or mistake. Additionally , controls could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by collusion of two or more
people.
Accordingly , as of Dece mber 31, 2021, the principal executive officer and principal financial  officer of each of the Registrants
concluded that such Registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures were ef fective to accomplish their objectives.
All Registrants—Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Each registrant continually strives to improve its disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of its financial reporting
and to maint ain dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. However , there have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, any of the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS
OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS - Executive Overview for additional information on COVID-19.
All Registrants—Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is required to assess and report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2021. As a result of that assessment, managem ent determined that there were no material weaknesses as of December 31, 2021
and, therefore, concluded that each registrant’ s internal control over
336
Table of Contents
financial reporting was effective. Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THA T PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not Applicable
337
Table of Contents
PART III  
PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva
Power & Light Company , and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of
Form 10-K for a reduced  disclosure format. Accordingly , all items in this section relating to PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
are not presented.
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Executive Officers
The information required by ITEM 10 relating to executive officers is set forth above in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—Executive officers of the
Registrants at February 25, 2022.
Directors, Director Nomination Process and Audit Committee
The informa tion require d under ITEM 10 concerning directors and nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of
shareholders (Item 401 of Regulation S-K), the director nomination process (Item 407(c)(3)), the audit committee (Item 407(d)(4) and
(d)(5)), and the benefici al reporting compliance (Sec. 16(a)) is incorporated herein by reference to information to be contained in
Exelon’ s definitive 2022 proxy statement (2022  Exelon Proxy Statement) and the ComEd information statement (2022 ComEd
Information Statement) to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A or 14C, as applicable, under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Code of Ethics
Exelon’ s Code of Business Conduct is the code of ethics that applies to Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Corpor ate Controller , and other finance organization employees. The Code of Business Conduct is filed as Exhibit
14 to this report and is available on Exelon’ s website at www .exeloncorp.com. The Code of Business Conduct will be made
available, without charge, in print to any shareho lder who requests such document from Carter C. Culver , Senior Vice President and
Deputy General Counsel, Exelon Corporation, P .O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398.
If any substa ntive amend ments to the Code of Business Conduct are made or any waivers are granted, including any implicit waiver ,
from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct, to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finan cial Officer or Corporate Controller ,
Exelon will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Exelon’ s website, www .exeloncorp.com, or in a report on Form 8-K.
338
Table of Contents
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under Executive Compensation Data  and Report of the Compensation
Committee in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd 2022 Information Statement,
which are incorporated herein by reference.
339
Table of Contents
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The addition al information required by this item will be set forth under Ownership of Exelon Stock  in the 2022  Exelon Proxy
Statement or the ComEd 2022 Information Statement and incorporated herein by reference.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Exelon Equity Compensation Plans
[A] [B] [C]
Plan CategoryNumber of securities to
be issued upon
exercise of outstanding
Options, warrants and
rights (Note 1)Weighted-average
price of outstanding
Options, warrants
and rights (Note 2)Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
under equity
compensation plans
(excluding securities
reflected in
column [A]) (Note 3)
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders 5,343,357 $ 0.22 48,184,437 
__________
(1)Balance includes stock options, unvested performance shares, and unvested restricted stock units that were granted under the Exelon LTIP or
predecessor company plans (including shares awarded under those plans and deferred into the stock deferral plan) and deferred stock units
granted to directors as part of their compensation. Unvested performance shares are subject to performance metrics and to a total shareholder
return modifier. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Exelon LTIP plan, 50% of final payouts are made in the form of shares of common stock
and 50% is made in form of in cash, or if the participant has exceeded 200% of their stock ownership requirement, 100% of the final payout is
made in cash. For performance shares granted in 2019, 2020, and 2021, the total includes the maximum number of shares that could be issued
assuming all participants receive 50% of payouts in shares and assuming the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were
both at maximum, representing best case performance, for a total of 3,110,870 shares. If the performance and total shareholder return modifier
metrics were at "target", the number of securities to be issued for such awards would be 1,555,435. The balance also includes 431,918 shares
to be issued upon the conversion of deferred stock units awarded to members of the Exelon board of directors. Conversion of the deferred stock
units to shares of common stock occurs after a director terminates service to the Exelon board or the board of any of its subsidiary companies.
See Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about
the material features of the plans.
(2)The weighted-average price reported in column B does not take the performance shares and shares credited to deferred compensation plans
into account.
(3)Includes 13,633,243 shares remaining available for issuance from the employee stock purchase plan and 4,556,610 shares remaining available
for issuance to former Constellation employees with outstanding awards made under the prior Constellation LTIP.
No ComEd securities are authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.
340
Table of Contents
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Related Persons Transactions and Director Independence in
the Exelon Proxy Statem ent for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd 2022  Information Statement, which are
incorporated herein by reference.
341
Table of Contents
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under The Ratification of Pricewat erhouseCoopers LLP as Exelon’ s
Independent Accountant for 2022 in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the ComEd 2022
Information Statement, which are incorporated herein by reference.
342
Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:
(1) Exelon
(i)   Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020,
and 2019
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)   Financial Statement Schedules:
  Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate) at December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for
the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.
343
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating expenses
Operating and maintenance $ (9)$ (2)$ 33 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 38 10 9 
Other 2 2 1 
Total operating expenses 31 10 43 
Operating loss (31) (10) (43)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (333) (378) (321)
Equity in earnings of investments 1,996  2,313  3,254  
Interest income from af filiates, net 16 30 39 
Other , net — 15 14 
Total other income 1,679  1,980  2,986  
Income before income taxes 1,648  1,970  2,943  
Income taxes (58) 7 7 
Net income $ 1,706  $ 1,963  $ 2,936  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic costs $ (4)$ (40)$ (64)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic cost 223 190 148 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation
adjustment 431 (357) (289)
Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges — (1) 1 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 650 (208) (204)
Comprehensive income $ 2,356  $ 1,755  $ 2,732  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
344
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Net cash flows provided by operating activities $ 3,629  $ 3,018  $ 1,948  
Cash flows from investing activities
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 381 (477) 95 
Notes receivable from af filiates — 550 — 
Investment in af filiates (2,231 ) (1,969 ) (1,071 )
Other investing activities 1 — — 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,849 ) (1,896 ) (976)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings — (136) 136 
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90
days 500 — — 
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90
days (350) — — 
Issuance of long-term debt — 2,000  — 
Retirement of long-term debt (300) (1,450 ) — 
Dividends paid on common stock (1,497 ) (1,492 ) (1,408 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans 80 45 112 
Other financing activities 19 (27) — 
Net cash flows used in financing activities (1,548 ) (1,060 ) (1,160 )
Increase (Decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 232 62 (188)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 63 1 189 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 295 $ 63 $ 1 
See the Notes to Financial Statements
345
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 295 $ 63 
Accounts receivable, net
Other accounts receivable 318 354 
Accounts receivable from af filiates 35 11 
Notes receivable from af filiates 217 598 
Regulatory assets 266 315 
Other 6 4 
Total current assets 1,137  1,345  
Property , plant, and equipment, net 45 46 
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 3,164  3,816  
Investments in af filiates 44,495  43,149  
Deferred income taxes 1,513  1,625  
Notes receivable from af filiates 319 324 
Other 42 312 
Total deferred debits and other assets 49,533  49,226  
Total assets $ 50,715  $ 50,617  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
346
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 650 $ 500 
Long-term debt due within one year 1,150  300 
Accounts payable — 1 
Accrued expenses 79 76 
Payables to af filiates 360 457 
Regulatory liabilities 3 4 
Pension obligations 75 92 
Other 7 4 
Total current liabilities 2,324  1,434  
Long-term debt 6,265  7,418  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Regulatory liabilities 63 32 
Pension obligations 7,038  8,351  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 116 387 
Deferred income taxes 404 348 
Other 112 62 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 7,733  9,180  
Total liabilities 16,322  18,032  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock ( No par value, 2,000  shares authorized, 979 shares and 976 shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 20,324  19,373  
Treasury stock, at cost ( 2 shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2020) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 16,942  16,735  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (2,750 ) (3,400 )
Total shareholders’  equity 34,393  32,585  
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 50,715  $ 50,617  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
347
Table of Contents
 Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
1. Basis of Presentation
Exelon Corp orate is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. These
condensed financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation
S-X. These statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Exelon
Corporation.
As of Decem ber 31, 2021 and 2020, Exelon Corporate owned 100% of all of its significant  subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly ,
except for Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd), of which Exelon Corporate owns more than 99%. As a February 1, 2022, as a
result of the completion of the separation, Exelo n Corporate no longer owns any interest in Exelon Generation Company , LLC. See
Note 26 — Separation of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
2. Debt and Credit Agreements
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corp orate meets  its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper . Exelon Corporate
had no outstanding commercial paper borrowings as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a term loan agreement for $500 million. The loan agreement was renewed on
March 17, 2021 and will expire on March 16, 2022. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.65% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecure d. The loan agreement is reflected in Short-
term borrowings in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet.
On March 24, 2021, Exelon Corporate entered into a 9-month term loan agreement for $200 million. Pursuant to the loan agreement,
loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.65% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured.
Exelon Corporate repaid the term loan on December 22, 2021.
On March 31, 2021, Exelon Corporate entered into a 9-month and 364-day term loan agreement for $150 million each with variable
interest rates of LIBOR plus 0.65% and expiration dates of December 31, 2021 and March 30, 2022, respectively . The 364-day loan
agreement is reflected in Short-term borrowings in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet. Exelon Corporate repaid the 9-month term
loan on December 29, 2021.
In connection with the separation, on January 24, 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for
$1.15 billion. The loan agreement will expire on January 23, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement,  loans made thereunder bear
interest at a variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.75% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured.
Revolving Credit Agreements
As of December 31, 2021, Exelon Corporation had a $600 million aggregate bank commitment under its existing syndicated
revolving facility in which $594 million was available to support additional commercial paper as of December 31, 2021. See Note 17
—Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
Exelon Corporation’ s credit agreement.
On February  1, 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into a new 5-year revolving credit facility with an aggregate bank commitment of
$900 millio n at a variable interest rate of SOFR plus 1.275 % which replaced its existing $600 millio n syndicated revolving credit
facility .
348
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
Long-T erm Debt
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt for Exelon Corporate as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020:
  Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates 2021 2020
Long-term debt
Junior subordinated notes 3.50 % 2022 $ 1,150  $ 1,150  
Senior unsecured notes 3.40 %- 7.60 % 2025 - 2050 6,139  6,439  
Total long-term debt 7,289  7,589  
Unamortized debt discount and premium,
net (10) (10)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (39) (47)
Fair value adjustment 175 186 
Long-term debt due within one year (1,150 ) (300)
Long-term debt $ 6,265  $ 7,418  
__________
(a)In connection with the separation, Exelon Corporate entered into three 18-month term loan agreements. On January 21, 2022, two of the loan
agreements were issued for $300 million each with an expiration date of July 21, 2023. On January 24, 2022, the third loan agreement was
issued for $250 million with an expiration date of July 24, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65%.
(b)Senior unsecured notes include mirror debt that is held on Exelon Corporation's balance sheet. In connection with the separation, on January
31, 2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from Generation of $258 million to settle the intercompany loan. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit
Agreements for additional information on the merger debt.
The debt maturities for Exelon Corporate for the periods 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, and thereafter are as follows:
2022 $ 1,150  
2023 — 
2024 — 
2025 807 
2026 750 
Thereafter 4,582  
Total long-term debt $ 7,289  
3. Commitments and Contingencies
See Note 19—Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for Exelon
Corporate’ s commitments and contingencies related to environmental matters and fund transfer restrictions.(a)
(b)
349
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
4. Related Party T ransactions
The financial statements of Exelon Corporate include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2021 2020 2019
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:
        BSC $ 38 $ 10 $ 9 
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates: $ 38 $ 10 $ 9 
Interest income from af filiates, net:
Generation $ 16 $ 29 $ 36 
BSC — 1 3 
Total interest income from af filiates, net: $ 16 $ 30 $ 39 
Equity in earnings (losses) of investments:
EEDC $ 2,215  $ 1,729  $ 2,054  
Generation (206) 589 1,125  
UII — — 97 
PCI (1) — 1 
Exelon Enterprises — — (16)
Exelon INQB8R (13) (6) (8)
Exelon Transmission Company — — (2)
Other 1 1 3 
Total equity in earnings of investments: $ 1,996  $ 2,313  $ 3,254  
Cash contributions received from af filiates $ 3,674  $ 3,372  $ 2,514  (a)
(b)
350
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 As of December 31,
(in millions) 2021 2020
Accounts receivable from af filiates (current):
BSC $ 4 $ — 
Generation 13 3 
ComEd 5 — 
PECO 4 1 
BGE 2 — 
PHISCO 6 6 
Exelon Enterprises 1 1 
Total accounts receivable from af filiates (current): $ 35 $ 11 
Notes receivable from af filiates (current):
BSC $ 210 $ 252 
Generation — 285 
PECO — 40 
PHI 7 21 
Total notes receivable from af filiates (current): $ 217 $ 598 
Investments in af filiates:
BSC $ 195 $ 196 
EEDC 32,621  30,103  
Generation 11,219  12,400  
PCI 62 62 
UII 365 365 
Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust 3 — 
Exelon Enterprises 3 3 
Exelon INQB8R, LLC 29 23 
Other (2) (3)
Total investments in af filiates: $ 44,495  $ 43,149  
Notes receivable from af filiates (non-current):
Generation $ 319 $ 324 
Accounts payable to af filiates (current):
UII $ 360 $ 360 
BSC — 91 
EEDC — 4 
Generation — 2 
Total accounts payable to af filiates (current): $ 360 $ 457 
__________
(a)Exelon Corporate receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology, and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead.
(b)EEDC consists of ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(c)In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger, Exelon and subsidiaries of Generation (former
Constellation subsidiaries) entered into intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of
Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate from Generation. In connection with the separation, on January 31,
2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from Generation of $258 million to settle the intercompany loan. See Schedule 1 - 2. Debit and Credit
agreements for additional information on the merger debt.(a)
(a)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(c)
351
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 437 $ 141 $ — $ 127 $ 451 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 27 — 32 — 59 
Reserve for obsolete materials 276 (1) (2) 10 263 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 294 $ 240 $ (18) $ 79 $ 437 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 26 — 1 — 27 
Reserve for obsolete materials 155 128 (1) 6 276 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 319 $ 119 $ 26 $ 170 $ 294 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 35 — (9) — 26 
Reserve for obsolete materials 156 6 — 7 155 
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for credit losses related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $14 million, $5 million, and $9 million for
the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
(b)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
applicable to the different jurisdictions the Utility Registrants operate in.
(c)Primarily reflects write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(d)DPL recorded a full valuation allowance against Delaware net operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. See Note 14
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the valuation allowance.
(e)Includes a decrease related to the sale of customer accounts receivable at Generation in the second quarter of 2020. See Note 6—Accounts
Receivable of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(f)Primarily reflects expense resulting from materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments as a result of the decision to early retire Byron,
Dresden, and Mystic 8 and 9. See Note 7—Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.(a) (b) (c)
(d)
(a) (b) (e) (c)
(f)
(a) (b) (c)
352
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
(2) ComEd
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020,
and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and
2019
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
353
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 118 $ 18 $ 1 $ 47 $ 90 
Reserve for obsolete materials 6 3 — 2 7 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 79 $ 54 $ 13 $ 28 $ 118 
Reserve for obsolete materials 7 3 — 4 6 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 81 $ 35 $ 20 $ 57 $ 79 
Reserve for obsolete materials 6 6 — 5 7 
__________
(a)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in
rates annually through a rider mechanism. The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory
assets/liabilities under such mechanism. See Note 3 – Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
354
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
(3) PECO
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020,
and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and
2019
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
355
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
  Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 124 $ 32 $ (6)$ 38 $ 112 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — 2 — $ 3 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 62 $ 76 $ 6 $ 20 $ 124 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 1 — 1 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 61 $ 31 $ 3 $ 33 $ 62 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2 
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for credit losses related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $14 million, $5 million, and $9 million for
the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
(b)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to the COVID-19 regulatory asset. See Note 3 –
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(c)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b) (c)
(a) (b) (c)
(a) (c)
356
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
(4) BGE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
357
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 44 $ 16 $ 3 $ 16 $ 47 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 17 $ 31 $ 6 $ 10 $ 44 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — (1) — — 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 20 $ 8 $ 7 $ 18 $ 17 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
358
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(5) PHI
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020,
and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
359
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 119 $ 41 $ 2 $ 19 $ 143 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 31 — 31 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — — 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 53 $ 69 $ 13 $ 16 $ 119 
Reserve for obsolete materials 3 — — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 53 $ 17 $ 7 $ 24 $ 53 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 8 — (8) — — 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — — 3 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
applicable to the different jurisdictions Pepco, DPL, and ACE operate in.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)DPL recorded a full valuation allowance against Delaware net operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. See Note 14
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the valuation allowance.
(d)Write-offs of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(c)
(a) (b)
(a) (d)
360
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
(6) Pepco
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
361
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 45 $ 14 $ 2 $ 8 $ 53 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 20 $ 25 $ 5 $ 5 $ 45 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 21 $ 7 $ 2 $ 10 $ 20 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the DCPSC and MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (c)
362
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
(7) DPL
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
363
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 31 $ 6 $ (1) $ 10 $ 26 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 31 — 31 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 15 $ 16 $ 4 $ 4 $ 31 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 13 $ 4 $ 3 $ 5 $ 15 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the DEPSC and MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)DPL recorded a full valuation allowance against Delaware net operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. See Note 14
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the valuation allowance.
(d)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(c)
(a) (b)
(a) (d)
364
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
(8) ACE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 25, 2022 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020,
and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and
2019
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
365
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 43 $ 21 $ 1 $ 1 $ 64 
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 18 $ 28 $ 4 $ 7 $ 43 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — 1 — 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 19 $ 5 $ 2 $ 8 $ 18 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates
annually through the Societal Benefits Charge. The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to
regulatory assets/liabilities under such mechanism. See Note 3 – Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (c)
366
Table of Contents
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:
Certain of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended . Certain other instruments which would otherwise be required to be listed below have not been so listed because such
instruments do not authorize securities in an amount which exceeds 10% of the total assets of the applicable registrant and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and the relevant registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission
upon request.
Exhibit No. Description
2-1Separation Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy Corporation
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022, Exhibit 2.1)
3-1Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Exelon Corporation, as amended July 24, 2018 (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated July 27, 2018, Exhibit 3.1).
3-2Exelon Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended on August 3, 2020 (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-
Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.1).
3-3Restated Articles of Incorporation of Commonwealth Edison Company Ef fective February 20, 1985, including
Statements of Resolution Establishing Series, relating to the establishment of three new series of Commonwealth
Edison Company preference stock known as the “$9.00 Cumulative Preference Stock,” the “$6.875 Cumulative
Preference Stock” and the “$2.425 Cumulative Preference Stock” (File No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated March 30,
1995, Exhibit 3.2).
3-4Commonwealth Edison Company Amended and Restated By-Laws, Ef fective February 22, 2021  (File 001- 01839,
Form 10-K dated February 24, 2021, Exhibit 3. 6).
3-5Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PECO Energy Company (File No. 001-01401, Form 10-K dated
April 2, 2001, Exhibit 3.3).
3-6PECO Energy Company Amended and Restated Bylaws dated August 3, 2020 (File 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated
August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.3).
3-7Articles of Restatement to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , restated as of August 16, 1996. (File
No. 001-01910, Form 10-Q dated November 14, 1996, Exhibit 3).
3-8Articles of Amendment to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company as of February 2, 2010. (File No. 001-
01910, Form 8-K dated February 4, 2010, Exhibit 3.1).
3-9Amended and Restated Bylaws of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company dated August 3, 2020 (File No. 001-01910,
Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.4).
3-10Certificate of Formation of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 3.2).
3-11Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated August 3, 2020 (File
No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.5).
3-12Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in the
District of Columbia) (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.1).
3-13Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in
Virginia) (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2011, Exhibit 3.3).
3-14Delmarva Power & Light Company Articles of Restatement of Certificate and Articles of Incorporation (filed in
Delaware and V irginia 02/22/07) (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2007, Exhibit 3.3).
3-15Atlantic City Electric Company Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed in New Jersey on August 9, 2002) (File No.
001-03559, Amendment No. 1 to Form U5B dated February 13, 2003, Exhibit B.8.1).
367
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
3-16 Bylaws of Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.2).
3-17 Bylaws of Delmarva Power & Light Company (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.1).
3-18 Bylaws of Atlantic City Electric Company (File No. 001-03559, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.2).
368
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-1First and Refunding Mortgage dated May 1, 1923 between The Counties Gas and Electric Company (predecessor
to PECO Energy Company) and Fidelity Trust Company , Trustee (U.S. Bank National Association, as current
successor trustee), (Registration No. 2-2281, Exhibit B-1).
4-1-1 Supplemental Indentures to PECO Energy Company’ s First and Refunding Mortgage:
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
December 1, 1941 2-4863   B-1(h)
April 15, 2004   000-16844, Form 10-Q dated
September 30, 2004  4-1-1
September 15, 2006   000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 25, 2006  4.1
March 1, 2007   000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 19,
2007  4.1
September 1, 2012   000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 17, 2012  4.1
September 1, 2014000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 15, 20144.1
September 15, 2015000-16844, Form 8-K dated October 5,
20154.1
September 1, 2017000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 18, 20174.1
February 1, 2018000-16844, Form 8-K dated February
23, 20184.1
September 1, 2018000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 11, 20184.1
August 15, 2019000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 10, 20194.1
June 1, 2020000-16844, Form 8-K dated June 8,
20204.1
February 15, 2021000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 8,
20214.1
September 1, 2021000-16844, Form 8-K, dated
September 14, 20214.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-2 Exelon Corporation Direct Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-206474, Form S-3, Prospectus).
4-3Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company to Illinois Merchants Trust Company , Trustee (BNY  Mellon Trust
Company of Illinois, as current successor Trustee), dated July 1, 1923, as supplemented and amended by
Supplemental Indenture thereto dated August 1, 1944. (Registration No. 2-60201, Form S-7, Exhibit 2-1).(a)
(a)
(a)
369
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-3-1 Supplemental Indentures to Commonwealth Edison Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
January 13, 2003   001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
13, 2003  4-4
February 22, 2006   001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 6,
2006  4.1
March 1, 2007   001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 23,
2007  4.1
December 20, 2007   001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
16, 2008  4.1
September 17, 2012   001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
1, 2012  4.1
August 1, 2013   001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
19, 2013  4.1
January 2, 2014   001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
10, 2014  4.1
October 28, 2014001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 10, 20144.1
February 18, 2015001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 2,
20154.1
November 4, 2015001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 19, 20154.1
June 15, 2016001-01839, Form 8-K dated June 27,
20164.1
August 9, 2017001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
23, 20174.1
February 6, 2018001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
20, 20184.1
July 26, 2018001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
14, 20184.1
February 7, 2019001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
19, 20194.1
October 29, 2019001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 12, 20194.1
February 10, 2020001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
25, 20204.1
February 16, 2021001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 9,
20214.1
August 2, 2021001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
12, 20214.1
370
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-4Instrument of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of February 20, 2002, under the provisions of the
Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company dated July 1, 1923, and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding
corporate trustee (File No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated April 1, 2002, Exhibit 4.4.2).
4-5Instrument dated as of January 31, 1996, under the provisions of the Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company
dated July 1, 1923 and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding individual trustee (File No. 001-01839, Form 10-
K dated March 29, 1996, Exhibit 4.29).
4-6Indenture to Subordinated Debt Securities dated as of June 24, 2003 between PECO Energy Company , as Issuer ,
and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003, Exhibit 4.1).
4-7Form of 2.80% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-
K dated August 17, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-8Form of 3.35% Senior Note due 2023 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated
June 17, 2013, Exhibit 4.1).
4-9Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement between PECO Energy Company , as Guarantor , and U.S. Bank National
Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003, Exhibit
4.2).
4-10PECO Energy Capital Trust IV Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust among PECO Energy Company , as
Sponsor , U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Delaware Trustee and Property Trustee, and J. Barry Mitchell,
George R. Shicora and Charles S. W alls as Administrative Trustees dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844,
Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003, Exhibit 4.3).
4-11Indenture dated May 1, 2001 between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company ,
National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2005, Exhibit 4.10).
4-12Form of $500,000,000 5.625% senior notes due 2035 dated June 9, 2005 issued by Exelon Corporation (File No.
001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2005, Exhibit 99.3).
4-13Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as trustee. (File No. 333-135991, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated July 24, 2006,
Exhibit 4(b)).
4-14Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.1).
4-14-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2).
4-14-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 3, 2017, between Exelon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as trustee, to that certain Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated June 17,
2014 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.3).
4-15Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 11, 2015, Exhibit 4.1).
4-15-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 11, 2015, Exhibit
4.2).
371
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-15-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 2, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated December 2,
2015, Exhibit 4.1).
4-15-3Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2016, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 7, 2016, Exhibit 4.2).
4-15-4Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 1, 2020, Exhibit 4.2).
4-16Form of Conversion Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 24,
2016, Exhibit 4.1).
4-17Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated July 1, 1936, of Potomac Electric Power Company to The Bank of New York
Mellon as successor trustee, securing First Mortgage Bonds of Potomac Electric Power Company , and
Supplemental Indenture dated July 1, 1936 (File No. 2-2232, Registration Statement dated June 19, 1936, Exhibit
B-4).
4-17-1 Supplemental Indentures to Potomac Electric Power Company Mortgage.(a)
372
Table of Contents
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
December 10, 1939 Form 8-K dated January 3, 1940 B
March 16, 2004001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
23, 20044.3
May 24, 2005001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 26,
20054.2
November 13, 2007001-01072, Form 8-K dated
November 15, 20074.2
March 24, 2008001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
28, 20084.1
December 3, 2008001-01072, Form 8-K dated
December 8, 20084.2
March 28, 2012001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
29, 20124.2
March 11, 2013001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
12, 20134.2
November 14, 2013001-01072, Form 8-K dated
November 15, 20134.2
March 11, 2014001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
12, 20144.2
March 9, 2015001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
10, 20154.3
May 15, 2017001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 22,
20174.2
June 1, 2018001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21,
20184.2
May 2, 2019001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 13,
20194.2
February 12, 2020001-01072, Form 8-K dated February
25, 20204.2
February 15, 2021001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
30, 20214.2(a)
373
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-18Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Delaware Power & Light Company to The Bank of New York Mellon (ultimate
successor to the New York Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of October 1, 1943, and copies of the First through
Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures thereto (File No. 33-1763, Registration Statement dated November 27, 1985,
Exhibit 4-A)
4-18-1 Supplemental Indentures to Delmarva Power & Light Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
October 1, 199333-53855, Registration Statement
dated January 30, 19954-L
October 1, 199433-53855, Registration Statement
dated January 30, 19954-N
November 7, 2013001-01405, Form 8-K dated
November 8, 20134.2
June 2, 2014001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 3,
20144.3
May 4, 2015001-01405, Form 8-K dated May 5,
20154.2
December 5, 2016001-01405, Form 8-K dated
December 12, 20164.2
June 1, 2018000-01405, Form 8-K dated June 21,
20184.2
May 2, 2019001-01405, Form 8-K dated
December 12, 20194.2
March 18, 2020001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 8,
20204.4
June 1, 2020001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 9,
20204.4
February 15, 2021001-01405, Form 8-K dated March
30, 20214.4
February 15, 2022001-01405, Form 8-K dated February
15, 20224.4(a)
(a)
(a)
374
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-19Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated January 15, 1937, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of
New York Mellon (formerly Irving Trust Company), as trustee (File No. 2-66280, Registration Statement dated
December 21, 1979, Exhibit 2(a)).
4-19-1 Supplemental Indentures to Atlantic City Electric Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
June 1, 19492-66280, Registration Statement
dated December 21, 19792(b)
March 1, 1991 Form 10-K dated March 28, 1991 4(d)(1)
April 1, 2004001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 6,
20044.3
March 8, 2006001-03559, Form 8-K dated March
17, 20064
March 29, 2011001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 1,
20114.2
August 18, 2014001-03559, Form 8-K dated August
19, 20144.2
December 1, 2015001-03559, Form 8-K dated
December 2, 20154.2
October 9, 2018001-03559, Form 8-K dated October
16, 20184.1
May 2, 2019001-03559, Form 8-K dated May 21,
20194.3
June 1, 2020001-03559, Form 8-K dated June 9,
20204.2
February 15, 2021001-03559, Form 8-K dated March
10, 20214.1
November 1, 2021001-03559, Form 8-K dated
November 16, 20214.2
February 15, 2022001-03559, Form 8-K dated February
15, 20224.2
Exhibit No. Description
4-20 Form of 2.400% notes due 2026 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.1).
4-21 Form of 3.500% notes due 2046 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.2).
4-22Form of Exelon Corporation 3.497% junior subordinated notes due 2022 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated
April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.4).
4-23Form of Pepco First Mortgage Bond, 4.15% Series due March 15, 2043 (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated May
22, 2017, Exhibit 4.2).(a)
(a)
(a)
375
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-24 Form of 3.750% BGE notes due 2047 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 24, 2017, Exhibit 4.1).
4-25Exempt Facilities Loan Agreement dated as of June 1, 2019 between the Maryland Economic Development
Corporation and Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 27, 2019, Exhibit
4.1).
4-26Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2019, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated September 12, 2019, Exhibit 4.1).
4-27 Description of Exelon Securities (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 4.63).
4-28 Description of PECO Securities (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 4.64).
4-29 Description of ComEd Securities (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 4.65).
4-30Pollution Control Facilities Loan Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2020, between The Pollution Control Financing
Authority of Salem County and Atlantic City Electric (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated June 2, 2020, Exhibit 4.1).
4-31Gas Facilities Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, between The Delaware Economic Development Authority
and Delmarva Power  & Light Company  (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated July 1, 2020, Exhibit 4.1) .
10-1Exelon Corporation Non-Employee Directors’  Deferred Stock Unit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective April
28, 2020). (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.1).
10-2Form of Exelon Corporation Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended and restated
Effective March 12, 2012) * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 10, 2016, Exhibit 10.3).
10-3Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Plan* (File No. 1-
16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.2).
10-4Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended (File No. 001-11375, Form 10-K dated March
29, 1996, Exhibit 10.12).
10-5Amendment Number One to the Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended January 1,
2008 * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009, Exhibit 10.16).
10-6Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1,
2009) * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009, Exhibit 10.19).
10-7PECO Energy Company Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2009)
(File No. 000-16844, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009, Exhibit 10.20).
10-8Exelon Corporation Annual Incentive Plan for Senior Executives (As Amended Ef fective January 1, 2014 * (File No.
001-16169, Proxy Statement dated April 1, 2014, Appendix A).
10-9Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated ef fective September 25, 2019 (File
No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.3).
376
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-10Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-122704, Form S-4, Joint Proxy
Statement-Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) filed June 3, 2005, Annex H).
10-11Form of Stock Option Grant Instrument under the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated January 27, 2006, Exhibit 99.2).
10-12Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Unincorporated Subsidiaries, as amended and restated
effective September 25, 2019 (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.4).
10-13Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020) *
(File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 10.13).
10-14Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan dated as of January 1, 2003 * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K
dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.52).
10-15First Amendment to Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan, Ef fective January 1, 2006 * (File No. 001-
16169, Form 10-K dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.53).
10-16Amendment Number One to the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, Ef fective December 4, 2006
(File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.54).
10-17Exelon Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2005) (File No.
001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.56).
10-18Exelon Corporation Stock Deferral Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective September 25, 2019) (File No. 001-
16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.5).
10-19 Restricted stock unit award agreement (File 001-16169, Form 8-K dated August 31, 2007, Exhibit 99.1).
10-20Form of Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended ef fective December 18, 2014. * (File
No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 10, 2016, Exhibit 10.34).
10-20-1Form of Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2020. * (File
No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 10.21).
10-20-2Amendment Number Two to the Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated
Effective January 21, 2014), Ef fective October 26, 2015. * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 10, 2016,
Exhibit 10.34.3).
10-21Form of Separation Agreement under Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and
Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020) (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 10.21).
10-22Credit Agreement for $500,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Corporation and V arious Financial
Institutions (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit 99.1).
10-23Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2015, among Atlantic City Electric Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, Exhibit 1.1).
Exhibit No. Description
10-242016 Form of Exelon Corporation Change in Control Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 26,
2016, Exhibit 10.1).
10-25Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Denis P . O’Brien (File No. 001-16169, Form
10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.3).
377
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-26Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Jonathan W . Thayer (File No. 001-16169,
Form 10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.4).
10-27Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (Ef fective April 28, 2020) (File No. 001-16169, Proxy Statement
dated March 18, 2020, Appendix A).
10-28Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive Plan Prospectus, dated May 27, 2020 (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-
Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.3).
10-29Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement under the Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm
Incentive Plan (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.4).
10-30Form of Performance Share Award Notice and Agreement under the Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive
Plan (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.5).
10-31Letter Agreement, dated Jun e 4, 2020, between Exelon Corporation and William A. Von Hoene, Jr . (File 001-16169,
Form 10-K dated February 24, 2021, Exhibit 10.74)
10-32Deferred Prosecution Agreement, dated July 17, 2020, between Commonwealth Edison Company and the U.S.
Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated
July 17, 2020, Exhibit 10.1).
10-33Transition Services Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy
Corporation (File No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022, Exhibit 10.1)
10-34Tax Matters Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy
Corporation (File No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022, Exhibit 10.2)
10-35Employee Matters Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy
Corporation (File No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022, Exhibit 10.3)
10-36Credit Agreement for $300,000,000 dated January 21, 2022, between Exelon Corporation, various financial
institutions, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp**
10-37Credit Agreement for $300,000,000 dated January 21, 2022, between Exelon Corporation, various financial
institutions, and U.S. Bank**
10-38Credit Agreement for $1,150,000,000 dated January 24, 2022, between Exelon Corporation and Barclays Bank
PLC**
10-39Credit Agreement for $250,000,000 dated January 24, 2022, between Exelon Corporation, various financial
institutions and PNC Bank**
10-40Credit Agreement for $900,000,000 dated February 1, 2022, between Exelon Corporation and various financial
institutions**
10-41Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated February 1, 2022, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and
various financial institutions**
10-42Credit Agreement for $1,000,000,000 dated February 1, 2022, between Commonwealth Edison Company and
various financial institutions**
10-43Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated February 1, 2022, between PECO Energy Company and various financial
institutions**
10-44Credit Agreement for $900,000,000 dated February 1, 2022, between Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva
Power & Light Company , Atlantic City Electric Company and various financial institutions**
378
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
14Exelon Code of Conduct, as amended March 12, 2012 (File No. 1-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 14-1).
Subsidiaries
21-1 Exelon Corporation
21-2 Commonwealth Edison Company
21-3 PECO Energy Company
21-4 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
21-5 Pepco Holdings LLC
21-6 Potomac Electric Power Company
21-7 Delmarva Power & Light Company
21-8 Atlantic City Electric Company
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accountants
23-1 Exelon Corporation
23-2 Commonwealth Edison Company
23-3 PECO Energy Company
23-4 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
23-5 Potomac Electric Power Company
23-6 Delmarva Power & Light Company
23-7 Atlantic City Electric Company
Power of Attorney (Exelon Corporation)
24-1 Anthony K. Anderson
24-2 Ann C. Berzin
24-3 W. Paul Bowers
24-4 Marjorie Rodgers Cheshi re
24-5 Christopher M. Crane
24-6 Carlos Gutierrez
24-7 Linda P . Jojo
24-8 Paul Joskow
24-9 Mayo A. Shattuck III
24-10 John F . Young
Power of Attorney (Commonwealth Edison Company)
24-11 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-12 Christopher M. Cra ne
24-13 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-14 Ricardo Estra da
379
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-15 Zaldwaynaka Scott
24-16 Smita Shah
24-17 Gil C. Quiniones
Power of Attorney (PECO Energy Company)
24-18 Calvin G. Butle r, Jr.
24-19 Christopher M. Crane
24-20 Nicholas DeBenedict is
24-21 Nelson A. Diaz
24-22 John S. Grady
24-23 Rosemarie B. Grec o
24-24 Michael A. Innocenzo
24-25 Charisse R . Lillie
Power of Attorney (Baltimore Gas and Electric Company)
24-26 Ann C. Berzin
24-27 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-28 Christopher M. Crane
24-29 Michael E. Cryor
24-30 James R. Curtiss
24-31 Joseph Haskins, Jr .
24-32 Carim V . Khouzami
24-33 Amy Seto
24-34 Maria Harris Tildon
Power of Attorney (Pepco Holdings LLC)
24-35 Antoine Allen
24-36 J. Tyler Anthony
24-37 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-38 Christopher M. Crane
24-39 Linda W . Cropp
24-40 Michael E. Cryor
24-41 Debra P . DiLorenzo
Power of Attorney (Potomac Electric Power Company)
24-42 J. Tyler Anthony
24-43 Phillip S. Barnett
24-44 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
380
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-45 Christopher M. Crane
24-46 Rodney Oddoye
24-47 Elizabeth O'Donnell
24-48 Tamla Olivie r
Power of Attorney (Delmarva Power & Light Company)
24-49 J. Tyler Antho ny
24-50 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
Power of Attorney (Atlantic City Electric Company)
24-51 J. Tyler Anthony
Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
31-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
31-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
31-3 Filed by Gil C. Quiniones for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-4 Filed by Joseph R. Trpik for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-5 Filed by  Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Com pany
31-6 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
31-7 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-8 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-9 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-10 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-11 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for P otomac Electric Power Company
31-13 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Delmarva Power & Light Com pany
31-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for  Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-15 Filed by  J. Tyler Anthony for Atlantic City Electric Company
31-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for  Atlantic City Electric Company
Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code as to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2021 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
32-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
32-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
32-3 Filed by Gil C. Quiniones for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-4 Filed by Joseph R. Trpik for Commonwealth Edison Company
381
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
32-5 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
32-6 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
32-7 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-8 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-9 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-10 Filed by  Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-11 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-13 Filed by  J.Tyler Anthony for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for  Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-15 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Atlantic C ity Electric Company
32-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
101.INSInline XBRL  Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
XBRL  tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL  document.
101.SCH Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.
101.PRE Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL  and contained in Exhibit 101)
__________
* Compensatory plan or arrangements in which directors or officers of the applicable registrant participate and which are not available to all
employees.
** Filed herewith.
(a)These filings are not available electronically on the SEC website as they were filed in paper previous to the electronic system that is currently in
place.
382
Table of Contents
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
All Registrants
Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Registrants have
elected not to include such summary information.
383
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
EXELON CORPORA TION
By:  /s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE
Name:  Christopher M. Crane
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorChristopher M. Crane
/s/ JOSEPH NIGRO   Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Joseph Nigro
/s/ FABIAN E. SOUZA   Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller (Principal
Accounting Of ficer)Fabian E. Souza
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Gayle E. Littleton, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Anthony K. Anderson
  Linda P . Jojo
Ann C. Berzin Paul Joskow
W. Paul Bowers Mayo A. Shattuck III
Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire John F . Young
Carlos Gutierrez
 
By:   /s/ GA YLE E. LITTLET ON   February 25, 2022
Name:   Gayle E. Littleton    
384
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY
By:  /s/ GIL  C. QUINIONES
Name:  Gil C. Quiniones
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ GIL  C. QUINIONES   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorGil C. Quiniones
/s/ JOSEPH R. TRPIK   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Joseph R. Trpik
/s/ STEVEN J. CICHOCKI   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Steven J. Cichocki
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Gil C. Quiniones, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
  Ricardo Estrada
Christopher M. Crane Zaldwaynaka Scott
Nicholas DeBenedictis Smita Shah
 
By:   /s/ GIL  C. QUINIONES   February 25, 2022
Name:   Gil C. Quiniones    
385
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY
By:  /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO
Name:  Michael A. Innocenzo
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorMichael A. Innocenzo
/s/ ROBER T J. STEF ANI   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Robert J. Stefani
/s/ CAROLINE FULGINITI   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Caroline Fulginiti
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Michael A. Innocenzo, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
  John S. Grady
Christopher M. Crane Rosemarie B. Greco
Nicholas DeBenedictis Charisse R. Lillie
Nelson A. Diaz
 
By:   /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   February 25, 2022
Name:   Michael A. Innocenzo    
386
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY
By:  /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI
Name:  Carim V . Khouzami
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorCarim V . Khouzami
/s/ DA VID M. V AHOS   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)David M. V ahos
/s/ JASON T. JONES   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Jason T. Jones
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Carim V. Khouzami, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Ann C. Berzin
  James R. Curtiss
Calvin G. Butler , Jr. Joseph Haskins, Jr .
Christopher M. Crane Amy Seto
Michael E. Cryor Maria Harris T ildon
 
By:   /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   February 25, 2022
Name:   Carim V . Khouzami    
    
387
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by J. Tyler Anthony , Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Antoine Allen
  Linda W . Cropp
Calvin G. Butler , Jr. Michael E. Cryor
Christopher M. Crane Debra P . DiLorenzo
 
By:   /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   February 25, 2022
Name:   J. Tyler Anthony    
388
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by J. Tyler Anthony , Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Phillip S. Barnett
  Rodney Oddoye
Calvin G. Butler , Jr. Elizabeth O'Donnell
Christopher M. Crane Tamla Olivier
 
By:   /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   February 25, 2022
Name:   J. Tyler Anthony    
389
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by J. Tyler Anthony , Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.   
 
By:   /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   February 25, 2022
Name:   J. Tyler Anthony    
390
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
25th day of February , 2022.
 
ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 25th day of February , 2022.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
391
