UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022
 or
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission
File NumberName of Registrant; State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Address of Principal
Executive Offices; and T elephone NumberIRS Employer
Identification Number
001-16169 EXELON CORPORA TION 23-2990190
(a Pennsylvania corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
P.O. Box 805379
Chicago, Illinois 60680-5379
(800) 483-3220
001-01839 COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY 36-0938600
(an Illinois corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
Chicago, Illinois 60603-2300
(312) 394-4321
000-16844 PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY 23-0970240
(a Pennsylvania corporation)
P.O. Box 8699
2301 Market Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101-8699
(215) 841-4000
001-01910 BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY 52-0280210
(a Maryland corporation)
2 Center Plaza
110 West Fayette Street
Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3708
(410) 234-5000
001-31403 PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC 52-2297449
(a Delaware limited liability company)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068-0001
(202) 872-2000
001-01072 POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY 53-0127880
(a District of Columbia and Virginia corporation)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068-0001
(202) 872-2000
001-01405 DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY 51-0084283
(a Delaware and Virginia corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702-5440
(202) 872-2000
001-03559 ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY 21-0398280
(a New Jersey corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702-5440
(202) 872-2000
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
EXELON CORPORATION:
Common Stock, without par value EXC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
PECO ENERGY COMPANY:
Trust Receipts of PECO Energy Capital Trust III, each
representing a 7.38% Cumulative Preferred Security, Series
D, $25 stated value, issued by PECO Energy Capital, L.P. and
unconditionally guaranteed by PECO Energy CompanyEXC/28 New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of Each Class
COMMONWEALTH EDISON COMPANY:
Common Stock Purchase Warrants (1971 Warrants and Series B Warrants)
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Exelon Corporation Yesx No ☐
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Exelon Corporation Yes ☐ Nox
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ý    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files).    Yes  ý    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or
an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth
company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Exelon Corporation
Large Accelerated Filer x Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer ☐Smaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Commonwealth
Edison Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
PECO Energy
Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Pepco Holdings LLC
Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Potomac Electric
Power Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Delmarva Power &
Light Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Atlantic City Electric
Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. x
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐  No  x
The estimated aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of each registrant as of August 5, 2022 was
as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value $44,452,390,343
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value No established market
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value None
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, without par value None
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company None
Delmarva Power & Light Company None
Atlantic City Electric Company None
The number of shares outstanding of each registrant’s common stock as of January 31, 2023 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value 994,126,931 
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value 127,021,394 
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value 170,478,507 
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Common Stock, without par value 1,000 
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company Common Stock, $0.01 par value 100 
Delmarva Power & Light Company Common Stock, $2.25 par value 1,000 
Atlantic City Electric Company Common Stock, $3.00 par value 8,546,017 
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Commonwealth Edison Company 2022 Information
Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III.
PECO Energy Company, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company, Delmarva Power & Light
Company, and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and are therefore filing
this Form in the reduced disclosure format.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Page No.
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS 1
FILING FORMA T 5
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION 5
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION 5
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS 6
General 6
Utility Operations 7
Exelon's Strategy and Outlook 10
Employees 11
Environmental Matters and Regulation 13
Executive Of ficers of the Registrants 18
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS 22
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS 33
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 34
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS 35
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES 35
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS, AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES 36
ITEM 6. [RESER VED] 40
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS 41
Exelon Corporation 41
Executive Overview 41
Financial Results of Operations 42
Significant 202 2 Transactions and Recent Developments 45
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies 48
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 49
Results of Operations 56
Commonwealth Edison Company 56
PECO Energy Company 59
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 63
Pepco Holdings LLC 66
Potomac Electric Power Company 67
Delmarva Power & Light Company 70
Atlantic City Electric Company 74
Liquidity and Capital Resources 77
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 93
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA 95
Exelon Corporation 119
Commonwealth Edison Company 124
PECO Energy Company 129
 Page No.
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 134
Pepco Holdings LLC 139
Potomac Electric Power Company 144
Delmarva Power & Light Company 149
Atlantic City Electric Company 154
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 159
1. Significant Accounting Policies 159
2. Discontinued Operations 166
3. Regulatory Matters 171
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 190
5. Segment Information 192
6. Accounts Receivable 199
7. Property , Plant, and Equipment 201
8. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant 203
9. Asset Retirement Obligations 203
10. Leases 204
11. Asset Impairments 209
12. Intangible Assets 209
13. Income Taxes 211
14. Retirement Benefits 218
15. Derivative Financial Instruments 230
16. Debt and Credit Agreements 233
17. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities 241
18. Commitments and Contingencies 248
19. Shareholders' Equity 256
20. Stock-Based Compensation Plans 257
21. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 261
22. Supplemental Financial Information 262
23. Related Party Transactions 267
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE 271
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 271
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION 271
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THA T PREVENT INSPECTIONS 271
 Page No.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE 272
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION 273
ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF CERT AIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS 274
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE 275
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES 276
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES 277
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMAR Y 319
SIGNA TURES 320
Exelon Corporation 320
Commonwealth Edison Company 321
PECO Energy Company 322
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 323
Pepco Holdings LLC 324
Potomac Electric Power Company 325
Delmarva Power & Light Company 326
Atlantic City Electric Company 327
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Exelon Corporation and Related Entities
Exelon Exelon Corporation
ComEd Commonwealth Edison Company
PECO PECO Energy Company
BGE Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Pepco Holdings or PHI   Pepco Holdings LLC (formerly Pepco Holdings, Inc.)
Pepco   Potomac Electric Power Company
DPL   Delmarva Power & Light Company
ACE   Atlantic City Electric Company
Registrants Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, collectively
Utility Registrants ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, collectively
Legacy PHI PHI, Pepco, DPL, ACE, PES, and PCI, collectively
BSC Exelon Business Services Company , LLC
EEDC Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC
Exelon Corporate Exelon in its corporate capacity as a holding company
Exelon Enterprises Exelon Enterprises Company , LLC
Exelon Foundation Independent, non-profit philanthropic organization
Exelon InQB8R Exelon InQB8R, LLC
PCI   Potomac Capital Investment Corporation and its subsidiaries
PEC L.P . PECO Energy Capital, L.P .
PECO T rust III PECO Energy Capital Trust III
PECO T rust IV PECO Energy Capital Trust IV
Pepco Energy Services or PES   Pepco Energy Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries
PHI Corporate PHI in its corporate capacity as a holding company
PHISCO PHI Service Company
UII Unicom Investments, Inc.
Former Related Entities
Constellation Constellation Energy Corporation
Generation or CEG Constellation Energy Generation, LLC (formerly Exelon Generation Company ,
LLC, a subsidiary of Exelon as of December 31, 2021 prior to separation on
February 1, 2022)
CENG Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC
FitzPatrick James A. FitzPatrick nuclear generating station
EDF Electricite de France SA  and its subsidiaries
1
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
2021 Form 10-K The Registrants' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021 filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022
2021 Recast Form 10-K The Registrants' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30,
2022 to recast Exelon's consolidated financial statements and certain other
financial information originally included in the 2021 Form 10-K
Note - of the 2021 Recast Form 10-K Reference to specific Combined Note to Consolidated Financial Statements in
the 2021 Recast Form 10-K
ABO Accumulated Benefit Obligation
AECs Alternative Energy Credits that are issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified alternative energy source
AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction
AMI Advanced Metering Infrastructure
AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
ARO Asset Retirement Obligation
ARP Alternative Revenue Program
BGS   Basic Generation Service
BSA Bill Stabilization Adjustment
CBAs Collective Bargaining Agreements
CEJA  (formerly Clean Energy Law in the Exelon
2021 Form 10-K)Climate and Equitable Jobs Act; Illinois Public Act 102-0662 signed into law on
September 15, 2021
CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended
CIP Conservation Incentive Program
Clean Air Act Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended
Clean W ater Act Federal W ater Pollution Control Amendments of 1972, as amended
CMC Carbon Mitigation Credit
CODMs Chief Operating Decision Makers
Conectiv   Conectiv , LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI and the parent of DPL  and ACE
during the Predecessor periods
DC PLUG District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative
DCPSC   District of Columbia Public Service Commission
DEPSC Delaware Public Service Commission
DOEE Department of Energy & Environment
DPA
Deferred Prosecution Agreement
DPP Deferred Purchase Price
DSIC Distribution System Improvement Charge
DSP Default Service Provider
EIMA Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act (Illinois Senate Bill 1652 and Illinois
House Bill 3036)
EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency
ERCOT Electric Reliability Council of Texas
ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
EROA Expected Rate of Return on Assets
ERP Enterprise Resource Program
ETAC Energy Transition Assistance Charge
FEJA Illinois Public Act 99-0906 or Future Energy Jobs Act
FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States
GCR   Gas Cost Rate
2
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
GHG Greenhouse Gas
GSA Generation Supply Adjustment
GWhs Gigawatt hours
ICC Illinois Commerce Commission
IIP Infrastructure Investment Program
Illinois Settlement Legislation Legislation enacted in 2007 af fecting electric utilities in Illinois
IPA Illinois Power Agency
IRC Internal Revenue Code
IRS Internal Revenue Service
ISOs Independent System Operators
LIBOR London Interbank Of fered Rate
LNG Liquefied Natural Gas
LTIP Long-T erm Incentive Plan
LTRRPP Long-T erm Renewable Resources Procurement Plan
MDPSC Maryland Public Service Commission
MGP Manufactured Gas Plant
mmcf Million Cubic Feet
MRP Multi-Y ear Rate Plan
MRV Market-Related V alue
MW Megawatt
MWh Megawatt hour
N/A Not applicable
NAV Net Asset V alue
NDT Nuclear Decommissioning Trust
NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation
NJBPU   New Jersey Board of Public Utilities
NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
NPNS Normal Purchase Normal Sale scope exception
NPS National Park Service
NRD Natural Resources Damages
OCI Other Comprehensive Income
OPEB Other Postretirement Employee Benefits
PAPUC Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
PCBs Polychlorinated Biphenyls
PGC Purchased Gas Cost Clause
PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC
PJM T ariff PJM Open Access Transmission Tariff
POLR Provider of Last Resort
PPA Purchase Power Agreement
PP&E Property , Plant, and Equipment
PRPs Potentially Responsible Parties
PSEG Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
RCRA Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended
REC Renewable Energy Credit which is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified renewable energy source
Regulatory Agreement Units Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are subject to regulatory agreements with the ICC and P APUC
3
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
RES Retail Electric Suppliers
RFP Request for Proposal
Rider Reconcilable Surcharge Recovery Mechanism
RGGI Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative
ROE   Return on equity
ROU Right-of-use
RPS Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards
RTEP Regional Transmission Expansion Plan
RTO Regional Transmission Organization
S&P Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services
SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission
SOA Society of Actuaries
SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate
SOS Standard Of fer Service
SSA Social Security Administration
STRIDE Maryland Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement Program
TCJA Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
Transition Bonds   Transition Bonds issued by Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
ZEC Zero Emission Credit
4
Table of Contents
FILING FORMA T
This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is being filed separately by Exelon Corporation, Commonwealth Edison Company ,
PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva
Power & Light Company , and Atlantic City Electric Company (Registrants). Information contained herein relating to any individual
Registrant is filed by such Registrant on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any representati on as to information relating to any
other Registrant.
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION
This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Secu rities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as “could,” “may ,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “will,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,”
“intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “predicts,” "should," and variations on such words, and similar expressions that
reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance, are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements.
The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statemen ts made by the Registrants include
those factors discussed herein, including those factors discussed with respect to the Registrant s discussed in (a) Part I, ITEM 1A.
Risk Factors, (b) Part II, ITEM 7. Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  and Results of Operations, (c) Part
II, ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies, and (d) other factors
discussed in filings with the SEC by the Registrants.
Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this
Report. None of the Registrants undertakes any obligation to publicly release any revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date of this Report.
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION
The SEC maintains an Internet site at www .sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
that the Registrants file electronically with the SEC. These documents are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and the Registrants’  website at www .exeloncorp.com. Information contained on the Registrants’  website shall not
be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Report.
5
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1.  
General
Corporate Structure and Business and Other Information
Exelon is a utility services holding company enga ged in the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
On Februar y 21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation. The
separation was completed on February 1, 2022, creating two publicly traded companies, Exelon and Constellation. See Note 2 –
Discontinued Operations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Name of Registrant   Business   Service Territories
Commonwealth Edison Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of
Philadelphia (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPennsylvania counties surrounding the City of
Philadelphia (natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore
(electricity and natural gas)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments: Pepco, DPL, and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Potomac Electric Power Company   Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia and Major portions of
Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties, Maryland
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power & Light Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural
gas)
Atlantic City Electric Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Business Services
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, human resources, financial, information technology , and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services at cost, including legal, finance, engineering, customer operations,
distribution and transmission planning, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations
unless otherwise disclosed.
6
Table of Contents
Utility Registrants
Utility Operations
Service T erritories and Franchise Agreements
The following table presents the size of service territories, populations of each service territory , and the number of customers within
each service territory for the Utility Registrants as of December 31, 2022:
ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Service Territories (in square miles)
Electric 11,450 1,900 2,300 650 5,400 2,750 
Natural Gas N/A 1,900 3,050 N/A 250 N/A
Total 11,450 2,100 3,250 650 5,400 2,750 
Service Territory Population (in millions)
Electric 9.3 4.1 3.0 2.4 1.5 1.2 
Natural Gas N/A 2.5 2.9 N/A 0.6 N/A
Total 9.3 4.1 3.2 2.4 1.5 1.2 
Main City Chicago Philadelphia BaltimoreDistrict of
Columbia Wilmington Atlantic City
Main City Population 2.7 1.6 0.6 0.7 0.1 0.1 
Number of Customers (in millions)
Electric 4.1 1.7 1.3 0.9 0.5 0.6 
Natural Gas N/A 0.5 0.7 N/A 0.1 N/A
Total 4.1 1.7 1.3 0.9 0.5 0.6 
___________
(a)The number of total service territory square miles counts once only a square mile that includes both electric and natural gas services, and thus
does not represent the combined total square mileage of electric and natural gas service territories.
(b)The total service territory population counts once only an individual who lives in a region that includes both electric and natural gas services, and
thus does not represent the combined total population of electric and natural gas service territories.
(c)The number of total customers counts once only a customer who is both an electric and a natural gas customer, and thus does not represent the
combined total of electric customers and natural gas customers.
The Utility Registrants have the necessary autho rizations to perform their current business of providing regulated electric and natural
gas distribution services in the various municipa lities and territories in which they now supply such services. These authorizations
include charters, franchises, permits, and certificates of public convenience issued by local and state governments and state utility
commissions. ComEd's,  BGE's (gas), Pepco DC's, and ACE's rights are generally non-exclusive while PECO's, BGE's (electric),
Pepco MD's, and DPL's rights are generally exclusive. Certain authorizations are perpetual while others have varying expiration
dates. The Utility Registrants anticipate working with the appropriate governmental bodies to extend or replace the authorizations
prior to their expirations.(a)
(b)
(c)
7
Table of Contents
Utility Regulations
State utility commissions regulate the Utility Registrants' electric and gas distribution rates and service, issuances of certain
securities, and certain other aspects of the business. The following table outlines the state commissions responsible for utility
oversight:
Registrant Commission
ComEd ICC
PECO PAPUC
BGE MDPSC
Pepco DCPSC/MDPSC
DPL DEPSC/MDPSC
ACE NJBPU
The Utility Registrants are public utilities under the Federal Power Act subject to regulation by FERC related to transmission rates
and certain other aspec ts of the utilities' business. The U.S. Department of Transportation also regulates pipeline safety and other
areas of gas operations for PECO, BGE, and DPL. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (Transportation Security
Administration) provided new security directives in 2021 that regulate cyber risks for certain gas distribution operators. Additionally ,
the Utility Registrants are subject to NERC mandatory reliability standards, which protect the nation's bulk power system against
potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches.
Seasonality Impacts on Delivery V olumes
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution volumes are generally higher during the summer and winter months when temperature
extremes create deman d for either summer cooling or winter heating. For PECO, BGE, and DPL, natural gas distribution volumes
are generally higher during the winter months when cold temperatures create demand for winter heating.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL Maryland, and ACE have electric distribution decoupling mechan isms and BGE has a natural gas
decoupling mechanism that eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on electric
distribution and natural gas delivery volumes. As a result, ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL Maryla nd's, and ACE's electric distribution
revenues and BGE's natural gas distribution revenues are not materially impacted by delivery volumes. PECO's and DPL Delaware's
electric distribution revenues and natural gas distribution revenues are impacted by delivery volumes.
Electric and Natural Gas Distribution Services
The Utility Registrants are allowed to recover reasonable costs and fair and prudent capital expenditures associated with electric and
natural gas distribution services and earn a return on those capital expenditures, subject to commission approval. ComEd recovers
costs throug h a performance-based rate formula. ComEd is required to file an update to the performance-based rate formula on an
annual basis . On September 15, 2021, Illinois passed CEJA, which contains requirements for ComEd to transition away from the
performance-based rate formula by the end of 2022 and would allow for the submission of either a general rate or multi-year rate
plan. On February 3, 2022, the ICC approved a tariff that establishes the process under which  ComEd will reconcile its 2022 and
2023 rate year revenue requirements with actua l costs. ComEd filed a petition with the ICC seeking approval of a multi-year rate
plan (MRP) for 2024-2027 on January 17, 2023.  PECO's and DPL's electric and gas distribution costs and ACE's electric distribution
costs have generally been recovered through rate case proceedings, with PECO utilizing a fully projected future test year while DPL
and ACE utilize a historical test year. BGE’ s electric and gas distribution costs and Pepco’ s and DPL Maryland's electric distribution
costs are currently recovered through multi-year rate case proceedings, as the MDPSC and the DCPSC allow utilities to file multi-
year rate plans. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants use specific recovery mechanism s as approved by their respective
regulatory agencies. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements for additional
information.
ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE customers have the choice to purchase electricity , and PECO and BGE customers have the choice to
purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. DPL customers, with the
exception of certain commercial and industrial customers, do not have the
8
Table of Contents
choice to purchase natural gas from competitive natural gas suppliers. The Utility Registrants remain the distribution service
providers for all customers and are obligated to deliver electricity and natural gas to customers in their respective service territories
while chargi ng a regulated rate for distribution  service. In addition, the Utility Registrants also retain significant default service
obligations to provide electricity to certain group s of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose a competitive
electric generation supplier . PECO, BGE, and DPL also retain significant default service obligations to provide natural gas to certain
groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose a competitive natural gas supplier .
For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, the Utility Registrants act as
the billing agent and therefore do not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity
and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from a Utility Registrant, the Utility
Registrants are permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers without mark-up or with a
slight mark-up and therefore record the amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense. As a result,
fluctuations in electricity or natural gas sales and procurement costs have no significant impact on the Utility Registrants’  Net
income.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEM ENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS,
Results of Operations and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements for additional
information regarding electric and natural gas distribution services.
Procurement of Electricity and Natural Gas
Exelon does not generate the electricity it delivers. The Utility Registrants' electric supply for its customers is primarily procured
through contracts as directed by their respective state laws and regulatory commission actions. The Utility Registrants procure
electricity supply from various approved bidders or from purchases on the PJM operated markets.
PECO's, BGE’ s, and DPL's natural gas supplies are purchased from a number of suppliers for terms that currently do not exceed
three years. PECO, BGE, and DPL each have annual firm transportation contracts of 443,000  mmcf, 268,000 mmcf, and 44,000
mmcf, respectively , for delivery of gas. To supplement gas transportation and supply at times of heavy winter demands and in the
event of temporary emergencies, PECO, BGE, and DPL  have available storage capacity from the following sources:
Peak Natural Gas Sources (in mmcf)
LNG Facility Propane-Air PlantUnderground Storage Service
Agreements
PECO 1,200 150 19,400 
BGE 1,056 550 22,000 
DPL 250 N/A 3,900 
___________
(a)Natural gas from underground storage represents approximately 27%, 42%, and 33% of PECO's, BGE’s, and DPL's 2022-2023 heating season
planned supplies, respectively.
PECO, BGE , and DPL have long-term interstate pipeline contracts and also participate in the interstate markets by releasing pipeline
capacity or bundling pipeline capacity with gas for off-system sales. Off-system gas sales are low-margin direct sales of gas to
wholesale suppliers of natural gas. Earnings from these activities are shared between the utilitie s and customers. PECO, BGE, and
DPL make these sales as part of a program to balance its supply and cost of natural gas. The off-system gas sales are not material
to PECO, BGE, and DPL.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK, Commodity Price Risk (All
Registrants), for additional information regarding Utility Registrants' contracts to procure electric supply and natural gas.
Energy Ef ficiency Programs
The Utility Registrants are generally allowed to recover costs associated with the energy efficiency and demand response programs
they offer. Each commission approved program  seeks to meet mandated electric consumption reduction targets and implement
demand response meas ures to reduce peak demand. The programs are designed to meet standards required by each respective
regulatory agency .(a)
9
Table of Contents
ComEd, with limited exceptions, earns a return on its energy efficiency costs through a regulatory asset. BGE, Pepco Maryland, DPL
Maryland, and ACE earn a return on most of their energy efficiency and demand response program costs through a regulatory asset.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Capital Investment
The Utility Registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments, primarily in electric transmission and
distribution and natural gas transportation and distribution facilities, to ensure the adequate capacity , reliability , and efficiency of their
systems. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS, Liquidity and Capital Resources, for additional information regarding projected 2023 capital expenditures.
Transmission Services
Under FERC’ s open access transmission policy , the Utility Registrants, as owners of transmission facilities, are required to provide
open access  to their transmission facilities under filed tariffs at cost-based rates approved by FERC. The Utility Registrants and their
affiliates are required to comply with FERC’ s Standards of Conduct regulation governing the communication of non-public
transmission information between the transmission owner ’s employees and wholesale merchant employees.
PJM is the regional grid operator and operates pursuant to FERC-approved tariffs. PJM is the transmission provider under , and the
administrator of, the PJM Tariff. PJM operates the PJM energy , capacity , and other markets, and, through central dispatch, controls
the day-to-d ay operations of the bulk power system for the region. The Utility Registrants are members of PJM and provide regional
transmission service pursuant to the PJM Tariff. The Utility Registrants and the other transmission owners in PJM have turned over
control of certain of their transmission facilities to PJM, and their transmission systems are under the dispatch control of PJM. Under
the PJM Tariff, transmis sion service is provided on a region-wide, open-access basis using the transmission facilities of the PJM
transmission owners.
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are established based on a FERC approved formula as shown below:
Approval Date
ComEd January 2008
PECO December 2019
BGE April 2006
Pepco April 2006
DPL April 2006
ACE April 2006
Exelon’ s Strategy and Outlook
Following the separation on February 1, 2022, Exelon is now a Distribution and Transmission company , focused on delivering
electricity and natural gas service to our customers and communities. Exelon's businesses remain focused on maintaining industry
leading operational excellence, meeting or exceeding their financial commitments, ensuring timely recovery on investments to
enable customer benefits, supporting clean energy policies including those that advance our jurisdictions' clean energy targets, and
continued commitment to corporate responsibility .
Exelon’ s strategy is to improve reliability and operations, enhance the customer experience, and advance clean and affordable
energy choices, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. The jurisdictions in which Exelon
has operations have set some of the nation's leading clean energy targets and our strategy is to enable that future for all our
stakeholders. The Utility Registrants invest in rate base that supports service to our customers and the community , including
investments that sustain and improve reliability and resiliency and that enhance the service expe rience of our customers. The Utility
Registrants make these investments prudently at a reasonable cost to customers. Exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise
across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved
operational and financial results.
10
Table of Contents
Management continually  evaluates growth opportunities aligned with Exelon’ s businesses, asset s, and markets, leveraging Exelon’ s
expertise in those areas and of fering sustainable returns.
The Utility Registrants anticipate investing approximately $31 billion over the next four years in electric and natural gas infrastructure
improvements and modernization projects, including smart grid technology , storm hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and
transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of approximately $18 billion by the end of 2026.
These investments provide greater reliability , improved service for our customers, increased capacity to accommodate new
technologies and support a cleaner grid, and a stable return for the company .
In August 2021, Exelon announced a Path to Clean goal to collectively reduce its operations-d riven GHG emissions 50% by 2030
against a 2015 baselin e and to reach net zero operations-driven GHG emissions by 2050, while supporting customers and
communities in achieving their GHG reduction goals (Path to Clean). Exelon's quantitative goals include its Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions, with the exce ption of Scope 2 emissions associated with system losses of electric power delivered to customers ("line
losses"), and build upon Exelon's long-standing commitment to reducing our GHG emissions. Exelon's Path to Clean efforts extend
beyond these quantitative goals to include efforts such as customer energy efficiency programs, which support reductions in
customers' direct emissions and have the potential to reduce Exelon's Scope 3 emissions and Scope 2 line losses as well. See
ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Matters and Regulation — Climate Change for additional information.
Various market, financial, regulatory , legislative, and operational factors could affect Exelon's success in pursuing its strategies.
Exelon conti nues to assess infrastructure, operational, policy , and legal solutions to these issues. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for
additional information.
Employees
The Registrants strive to create a workplace culture that promotes and embodies diversity , inclusion, innovation, and safety for their
employees. In order to provide the services and products that their customers expect, the Registrants aspire to create teams that
reflect the diversity of the communities that the Registrants serve. Therefore, the Registrants take steps to attract highly qualified
and diverse  talent and seek to create hiring and promotion practices that are equitable and neutralize any bias, including
unconscious bias. The Registrants provide grow th opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and a variety of training
and development programs. The Registrants are committed to helping employees grow their skills and careers largely through
numerous training opportunities; mentorship programs; continuous feedback and development discussions; and evaluations.
Employees are encourag ed to thrive outside the workplace as well. The Registrants provide a full suite of wellness benefits targeted
at supporting work-life balance, physical, mental and financial health, and industry-leading paid leave policies.
The Registrants typically conduct an employee engagement survey every other year to help identify organizational strengths and
areas of opportunity for growth. The survey results are reviewed with senior management and the Exelon Board of Directors.
Diversity Metrics
The following tables show diversity metrics for all employees and management as of December 31, 2022.
Employees Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Female 5,300 1,535 752 786 1,270 329 139 109 
People of Color 7,519 2,575 990 1,170 1,803 865 203 145 
Aged <30 2,026 721 361 286 424 169 85 61 
Aged 30-50 10,548 3,728 1,455 1,819 2,271 739 465 357 
Aged >50 6,489 1,907 1,070 1,061 1,466 442 341 203 
Total Employees 19,063 6,356 2,886 3,166 4,161 1,350 891 621 (a)(b)(c)
(b)(c)
(d)
11
Table of Contents
Management Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Female 961 235 139 122 206 51 13 21 
People of Color 1,086 331 134 166 276 116 32 22 
Aged <30 29 7 9 4 6 — 2 2 
Aged 30-50 1,715 510 182 265 395 120 58 40 
Aged >50 1,286 363 190 163 276 61 57 40 
Within 10 years of
retirement eligibility 1,787 520 238 226 379 91 68 55 
Total Employees in
Management 3,030 880 381 432 677 181 117 82 
 __________
(a)The Registrants have a particular focus on creating an environment that attracts and retains women by enabling them to stay in the workforce,
grow with the company, and move up the ranks.
(b)To effectuate Exelon's pay equity goals, Exelon conducts analysis on gender and racial pay equity.
(c)Information concerning women and people of color is based on self-disclosed information.
(d)Total employees represents the sum of the aged categories.
(e)Management is defined as executive/senior level officials and managers as well as all employees who have direct reports and/or supervisory
responsibilities.
Turnover Rates
As turnover is inherent,  management succession planning is performed and tracked for all executives and critical key manager
positions. Management frequently reviews succession planning to ensure the Registrants are prepared when positions become
available.
The table below shows the average turnover rate for all employees for the last three years of 2020 to 2022.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Retirement Age 3.71 % 4.09 % 4.10 % 3.48 % 3.79 % 3.74 % 4.42 % 3.88 %
Voluntary 2.79 % 2.22 % 2.71 % 1.76 % 2.52 % 2.81 % 1.46 % 1.84 %
Non-V oluntary 0.81 % 0.60 % 1.10 % 1.06 % 1.02 % 1.95 % 0.47 % 0.68 %
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Approximately 44% of Exelon’ s employees participate in CBAs. The following table presents employee information, including
information about CBAs, as of December 31, 2022.
Total Employees Covered
by CBAs Number of CBAsCBAs New and Renewed in
2022Total Employees Under CBAs
New and Renewed
in 2022
Exelon 8,379 10 2 906 
ComEd 3,477 2 — — 
PECO 1,368 2 — — 
BGE 1,414 1 — — 
PHI 2,113 5 2 906 
Pepco 890 1 1 890 
DPL 621 2 — — 
ACE 401 2 1 16 
 __________
(a)Does not include CBAs that were extended in 2022 while negotiations are ongoing for renewal.(e)
(a)(b)(c)
(b)(c)
(d)
(a)
12
Table of Contents
Environmental Matters and Regulation
The Registra nts are subject to comprehensive and complex environmental legislation and regulation at the federal, state, and local
levels, includ ing requirements relating to climate change, air and water quality , solid and hazard ous waste, and impacts on species
and habitats.
The Exelon Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the management of environmental matters. Exelon has a management
team to address environmental compliance and strategy , including the CEO; the Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy and
Sustainability Officer; as well as senior management of the Utility Registrants. Performance of those individuals directly involved in
environmental compliance and strategy is reviewed and affects compensation as part of the annual individual performance review
process. The Audit and Risk Committee oversees compliance with environmental laws and regulations, including environmental risks
related to Exelon's operations and facilities, as well as SEC disclosures related to environmental matters. Exelon's Corporate
Governance Committee has the authority to oversee Exelon’ s climate change and sustainability policies and programs, as discussed
in further detail below . The respective Boards of the Utility Registrants oversee environmental issues related to these companies.
The Exelon Board of Directors has general oversight responsibilities for ESG matters, including strategies and efforts to protect and
improve the quality of the environment.
Climate Change
As detailed below , the Registrants face climate change mitigation and transition risks as well as adaptation risks. Mitigation and
transition risks include changes to the energy systems as a result of new technologies, chan ging customer expectations and/or
voluntary GHG goals, as well as local, state or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce GHG emissions. Adaptation risk
refers to risks to the Registrants' facilities or operations that may result from changes to the physical climate and environment, such
as changes to temperature, weather patterns and sea level.
Climate Change Mitigation and T ransition
The Registrants support comprehensive federal climate legislation that addresses the urgent need to substantially reduce national
GHG emissions while providing appropriate protections for consumers, businesses, and the economy . In the absence of
comprehensive federal climate legislation, Exelo n supports the EPA moving forward with mean ingful regulation of GHG emissions
under the Clean Air Act.
The Registrants currently are subject to, and may become subject to additional, federal and/or state legislation and/or regulations
addressing GHG emissi ons. GHG emission sources associated with the Registrants include sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage from
electric trans mission and distribution operations, refrigerant leakage from chilling and cooling equipment, and fossil fuel combustion
in motor vehicles. In addition, PECO, BGE, and DPL, as distributors of natural gas are regulated  with respect to reporting of natural
gas (methane) leakage on the natural gas systems and consumer use of such natural gas.
Since its inception, Exelon has positioned itself as a leader in climate change mitigation. Exelon uses definitions and protocols
provided by the World Resources Institute for its GHG inventory . In 2021, Exelon's Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, as revised
following its separation from Constellation, were just over 5.7 million metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent using the World
Resources Institute Corporate Standard Market-based accounting. Of these emissions, 0.5 million metric tons are considered to be
operations-driven and in more direct control of our employees and processes. The majority of these operations-driven emissions are
fugitive emissions from the gas delivery system s of Registrants PECO, BGE, and DPL. The remaining 5.2 million metric tons,
approximately 91%, are the indirect emissions associated with the operation and use of the electric distribution and transmission
system and primarily consists of losses resulting from the Utility Registrant's delivery of electricity to their customers (line losses).
These emissions are driven primarily by custom er demand for electricity and the mix of generation assets supplying energy to the
electric grid. The Regist rants do not own generation and must comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements governing
procurement of electricity for delivery to retail customers and use of the system to support other transmission transactions. However ,
the Registrants do engage in efforts that help to reduce these emissions, including customer programs to drive customer energy
efficiency , help to manage peak demands, and enable distributed solar generation.
13
Table of Contents
In August 2021, Exelon announced a Path to Clean goal to collectively reduce their operations-driven GHG emissions 50% by 2030
against a 2015 baseline , and to reach net zero operations-driven GHG emissions by 2050, while also supporting customers and
communities to achieve their clean energy and emissions goals. Exelon’ s quantitative goals include its Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions, with the exception of Scope 2 line losses, and builds upon Exelon's long-standing  commitment to reducing our GHG
emissions. Exelon's activities in support of the Path to Clean goal will include efficiency and clean electricity for operations, vehicle
fleet electrifi cation, equipment and processes to reduce sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage, investments in natural gas infrastructure
to minimize methane leaks and increase safety and reliability , and investment and collaboration to develop new technologies.
Beyond 2030, Exelon recognizes that technology advancement and continued policy support will be needed to ensure achievement
of Net-Zero by 2050. Exelon is laying the groundwork by partnering with national labs, universities and research consortia to
research, develop, and pilot clean technologies  that will be needed, as well as working with our states, jurisdictions and policy
makers to understand the scope and scale of energy transformation, and needed policies and incentives, that will be needed to
reach local ambitions for GHG emissions reductions. The Utility Registrants are also supporting customers and communities to
achieve their clean energy and emissions goals through significant energy efficiency programs. During 2023 - 2026, estimated
customer program energ y efficiency investments across the Utility Registrants total $3.5 billion . These programs enable customer
savings through home energy audits, lighting discounts, appliance recycling, home improve ment rebates, equipment upgrade
incentives and innovative programs like smart thermostats and combined heat and power programs.
As an energy delivery company , Exelon can play a key role in lowering GHG emissions across much of the economy in its service
territories. In connecting end users of energy to electric and gas supply , Exelon can leverage its assets and customer interface to
encourage efficient use of lower emitting resou rces as they become available. Electrification, where feasible for transportation,
buildings, and industry coupled with simultaneous decarbonization of electric generation, can be a key lever for emissions
reductions. To support this transition, Exelon is advocating for public policy supportive of vehicle  electrification, investing in enabling
infrastructure and technology , and supporting customer education and adoption. In addition, the Utility Registrants have a goal to
electrify 30% of their own vehicle fleet by 2025, increasing to 50% by 2030. Clean fuels and other emerging technologies can also
support the transition, lessen the strain on electric system expansion, and support energy system resiliency . Exelon, and its
registrants PECO, BGE , and DPL that own gas distribution assets, are also continuing to explore these other decarbonization
opportunities, supporting pilots of emerging energy technologies and clean fuels to support both operational and customer-driven
emissions reductions. The energy transition may present challenges for the Utility Registrants and their service territories. Exelon
believes its market and business model could be significantly affected by the transition of the energy system, such as through an
increased electric load and decreased demand for natural gas, potentially accompanied by changes in technology , customer
expectations, and/or regulatory structures. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging
technologies that could over time af fect or transform the energy industry .
Climate Change Adaptation
The Registrants' facilities and operations are subject to the impacts of global climate change. Long-term shifts in climactic patterns,
such as sustained highe r temperatures and sea level rise, may present challenges for the Registrants and their service territories.
Exelon believes its operations could be significantly affected by the physical risks of climate change. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
for additional information related to the Registrants' risks associated with climate change.
The Registra nts' assets undergo seasonal readin ess efforts to ensure they are ready for the weather projections of the summer and
winter months. The Registrants consider and review national climate assessments to inform  their planning. Each of the Utility
Registrants also has well established system recovery plans and is investing in its systems to install advanced equipment and
reinforce the local electric system, making it more weather resistant and less vulnerable to anticipated storm damage.
International Climate Change Agreements. At the international level, the United States is a party to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The Parties to the UNFCCC adopted the Paris Agreement at the 21st session of the
UNFCCC Conference of the Parties (COP  21) on December 12, 2015. Under the Agreement, which became effective on November
4, 2016, the parties committed to try to limit the global average temperature increase and to develop national GHG reduction
commitments. On November 4, 2020, the United States formally withdrew from the Paris Agreement, but on January 20, 2021,
President Biden
14
Table of Contents
accepted the Agreement, which resulted in the United States’  formal re-entry on February 19, 2021. The United States has set an
economy-wide target of reducing its net GHG emissions by 50-52% below 2005 levels by 2030. On November 11, 2022 at the
UNFCCC Conference of the Parties (COP  27), President Biden recommitted the U.S. to these goals and detailed the significant
domestic climate actions the U.S. had taken to spur a new era of clean American manufacturing, enhance energy security , and drive
down the costs of clean energy for consumers in the U.S. and around the world.
Federal Climate Change Legislation and Regulation.  On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act
(IRA), which aims to reduce U.S. carbon emissions and promote economic development through investments in clean and
renewable energy proje cts. The consumer-facing clean energy tax credits created or expande d by the IRA are intended to drive
rapid adoption of energy efficiency , electric transportation, and solar energy which would require Exelon's utilities to expand and
modernize infrastructure, systems and services to integrate and optimize these resources.
Regulation of GHGs from Power Plants under the Clean Air Act. The EPA’s 2015 Clean Power Plan (CPP) established
regulations addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil-fired power plants under Clean Air Act Section 111(d). The
CPP’ s carbon pollution limits could be met through changes to the electric generation system, including shifting generation from
higher-emitting units to lower- or zero-emitting units, as well as the development of new or expa nded zero-emissions generation. In
July 2019, the EPA published its final Affordable Clean Energy rule, which repealed the CPP and replaced it with less stringent
emissions guidelines for existing fossil-fired power plants based on heat rate improvement measures that could be achieved within
the fence line of individ ual plants. Exelon, together with a coalition of other electric utilities, filed a lawsuit in the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, challenging the rescission of the Clean Power Plan and enactment of the Affordable Clean Energy rule
as unlawful. On Januar y 19, 2021, the D.C. Circuit held the Affordable Clean Energy Rule (including its rescission of the Clean
Power Plan) to be unlawful, vacated the rule, and remanded it to the EPA. The Supreme Court granted certiorari to examine the
extent of the EPA's authority to regulate GHGs from power plants and, on June 30, 2022, reversed and remanded the D.C. Circuit's
decision. The Supreme Court ruled that the EPA's use of generation shifting for development of standards in the Clean Power Plan
went beyond Congress' intended authority under the Clean Air Act. The EPA has indicated that it will promulgate new GHG limits for
existing power plants. Increased regulation of GHG emissions from power plants could increase the cost of electricity delivered or
sold by the Registrants . As of February 1, 2022, following its separation from Constellatio n, Exelon no longer owns electric
generation plants.
State Climate Change Legislation and Regula tion.  A number of states in which the Registrants operate have state and regional
programs to reduce GHG emissions and renewable and other portfolio standards, which impact the power sector . See discussion
below for additional information on renewable and other portfolio standards.
Certain northeast and mid-Atlantic states (Conn ecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey ,
New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermon t, Virginia) currently participate in the RGGI. The program requires most fossil fuel-
fired power plant owners  and operators in the region to hold allowances, purchased at auction, for each ton of CO2 emissions. Non-
emitting resources do not have to purchase or hold these allowances. Pennsylvania joined RGGI in April 2022.
Broader state programs impact other sectors as well, such as the District of Columbia's Clean Energy DC Omnibus Act and cross-
sector GHG reduction plans, which resulted in recent requirements for Pepco to develop 5-year and 30-year decarbonization
programs and strategies. Maryland expects to meet and exceed the mandate set in the Greenh ouse Gas Emissions Reduction Act
to reduce statewide GHG emissions 40% (from 2006 levels) by 2030, and the state’ s Climate  Solutions Now Act of 2022 further
updates requirements with a proposal to reduce emissions 60% (from 2006 levels) by 2031.  New Jersey accelerated its goals
through Executive Order 274, which establishes an interim goal of 50% reductions below 2006 levels by 2030 and affirms its goal of
achieving 80% reductions by 2050 and includes programs to drive greater amounts of electrifie d transportation. Illinois’  climate bill,
CEJA, establishes decarbonization requirements for the state to transition to 100% clean energy by 2050 and supports programs to
improve energy efficiency , manage energy demand, attract clean energy investment and acce lerate job creation. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on CEJA.
The Registrants cannot predict the nature of future regulations or how such regulations might impact future financial statements.
15
Table of Contents
Renewable and Clean Energy Standards.  Each of the states where Exelon operates have adopted some form of renewable or
clean energy procurement requirement. These standards impose varying levels of mandates for procurement of renewable or clean
electricity (the definition of which varies by state) and/or energy efficiency . These are generally expressed as a percentage of annual
electric load, often increasing by year. The Utility Registrants comply with these various requirements through acquiring sufficient
bundled or unbundled credits such as RECs, CMCs, or ZECs, or paying an alternative complianc e payment, and/or a combination of
these compliance alternatives. The Utility Registr ants are permitted to recover from retail customers the costs of complying with their
state RPS requirements, including the procurement of RECs or other alternative energy resources. See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other Environmental Regulation
Water Quality
Under the federal Clean Water Act, NPDES permits for discharges into waterways are required to be obtained from the EPA or from
the state environmental agency to which the permit program has been delegated, and permits must be renewed periodically . Certain
of Exelon's facilities discharge water into wate rways and are therefore subject to these regulations and operate under NPDES
permits.
Under Clean  Water Act Section 404 and state laws and regulations, the Registrants may be required to obtain permits for projects
involving dredge or fill activities in waters of the United States.
Where Regis trants’  facilities are required to secure a federal license or permit for activities that may result in a discharge to covered
waters, they may be required to obtain a state water quality certification under Clean W ater Act section 401.
Solid and Hazardous W aste and Environmental Remediation
CERCLA  provides for response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of hazardous
substances and authorizes the EPA either to clean up sites at which hazardous substances have created actual or potential
environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under CERCLA, generators and transporters of
hazardous substances, as well as past and present owners and operators of hazardous waste sites, are strictly , jointly and severally
liable for the cleanup costs of hazardous waste at sites, many of which are listed by the EPA on the National Priorities List (NPL).
These PRPs  can be ordered to perform a cleanup, can be sued for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup, may voluntarily
settle with the EPA concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or may voluntarily begin a site investigation and site remediation under
state oversight. Most states have also enacted statutes that contain provisions substantially similar to CERCLA. Such statutes apply
in many states where the Registrants currently own or operate, or previously owned or operated, facilities, including Delaware,
Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey , and Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia. In addition, RCRA governs treatment, storage and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and cleanup of sites where such activities were conducted.
The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expend itures in order to comply with these
Federal and state environmental laws. Under these laws, the Registrants may be liable for the costs of remediating environmental
contamination of property now or formerly owne d by them and of property contaminated by hazardous substances generated by
them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate parcels, including parcels on which their operations or the operations of
others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under environmental laws. The Registrants
and their subsidiaries are, or could become in the future, parties to proceedings initiated by the EPA, state agencies, and/or other
responsible parties under CERCLA  and RCRA  or similar state laws with respect to a number of sites or may undertake to investigate
and remediate sites for which they may be subject to enforcement actions by an agency or third-party .
ComEd’ s and PECO’ s environmental liabilities primarily arise from contamination at former MGP  sites, which were operated by
ComEd's and PECO's predecessor companies.  ComEd, pursuant to an ICC order , and PECO, pursuant to settlements of natural
gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, have an on-going process to recover certain environmental remediation costs of the
MGP  sites through a provision within customer rates. BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE do not have material contingent liabilities relating
to MGP  sites. The amount to be
16
Table of Contents
expended in 2023 for compliance with environmental remediation related to contamination at former MGP  sites and other gas
purification sites is estimated to be approxim ately $52 million which consists primarily of $44 million at ComEd.
As of December 31, 2022, the Registrants have established appropriate contingent liabilities for environmental remediation
requirements. In addition, the Registrants may be required to make significant additional expenditures not presently determinable for
other environmental remediation costs.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Registrants’  environmental matters, remediation efforts, and related
impacts to the Registrants’  Consolidated Financial Statements.
17
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers as of February 14, 2023
Exelon
Name AgePosition Period
Butler , Calvin G. Jr . 53 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon 2022 - Present
Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon 2021 - 2022
Senior Executive V ice President, Exelon 2019 - 2022
Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2019 - 2022
Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2014 - 2019
Jones, Jeanne 43 Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon 2022 - Present
Senior V ice President, Corporate Finance, Exelon 2021 - 2022
Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, ComEd 2018 - 2021
Glockner , David 62 Executive V ice President, Compliance, Audit and Risk, Exelon 2020 - Present
Chief Compliance Of ficer, Citadel LLC 2017 - 2020
Littleton, Gayle E. 50 Executive V ice President, General Counsel, Exelon 2020 - Present
Partner , Jenner & Block LLP 2015 - 2020
Quiniones, Gil 56 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd 2021 - Present
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, New York Power
Authority2011 - 2021
Innocenzo, Michael A. 57 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Khouzami, Carim V . 48 President, BGE 2021 - Present
Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2019 - Present
Senior V ice President & COO, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2019
Anthony , J. Tyler 58 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - 2021
Trpik, Joseph R. 53 Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller , Exelon 2022 - Present
Interim Senior V ice President & CFO, ComEd 2021 - 2022
Senior V ice President & CFO, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2021
18
Table of Contents
ComEd
Name AgePosition Period
Quiniones, Gil 56 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd 2021 - Present
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, New York Power
Authority2011 - 2021
Donnelly , Terence R. 62 President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd 2018 - Present
Graham, Elisabeth J. 44 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer & Treasurer ,
ComEd2022 - Present
Treasurer , Exelon 2018 - 2022
Rippie, E. Glenn 62 Senior V ice President and General Counsel, ComEd 2022 - Present
Senior V ice President and Deputy General Counsel, Energy
Regulation, Exelon2022 - Present
Partner , Jenner & Block LLP 2019 - 2021
Partner and Chief Financial Of ficer, Rooney , Rippie &
Ratnaswamy , LLP2010 - 2019
Washington, Melissa 53 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, ComEd 2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
ComEd2019 - 2021
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, ComEd 2019 - 2019
Vice President, External Affairs and Large Customer Services,
ComEd2016 - 2019
Binswanger , Lewis 63 Senior V ice President, Governmental, Regulatory and External
Affairs, ComEd2022 - Present
Vice President, External Affairs, Nicor Gas 2013 - 2022
19
Table of Contents
PECO
Name AgePosition Period
Innocenzo, Michael A. 57 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Levine, Nicole 46 Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2022 - Present
Vice President, Electrical Operations, PECO 2018 - 2022
Humphrey , Marissa 43 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PECO2022 - Present
Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy (NJ/DE), PHI,
DPL, and ACE2021 - 2022
Vice President, Finance, Exelon Utilities 2019 - 2020
Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - 2019
Murphy , Elizabeth A. 63 Senior V ice President, Governmental, Regulatory and External
Affairs, PECO2016 - Present
Williamson, Olufunmilayo 44 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PECO 2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Commercial Risk Of ficer, Exelon 2017 - 2020
Gay, Anthony 57 Vice President and General Counsel, PECO 2019 - Present
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO 2016 - 2019
20
Table of Contents
BGE
Name AgePosition Period
Khouzami, Carim V . 48 President, BGE 2021 - Present
Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2019 - Present
Senior V ice President & COO, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2019
Dickens, Derrick 58 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, BGE 2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PHI, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE2020 - 2021
Vice President, Technical Services, BGE 2016 - 2020
Vahos, David M. 50 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
BGE2016 - Present
Núñez, Alexander G. 51 Senior V ice President, Governmental, Regulatory and External
Affairs, BGE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Regulatory Affairs and Strategy , BGE 2020 - 2021
Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE 2016 - 2020
Galambos, Denise 60 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2021 - Present
Vice President, Utility Oversight, Exelon Utilities 2020 - 2021
Vice President, Human Resources, BGE 2018 - 2020
Ralph, David 56 Vice President and General Counsel, BGE 2021 - Present
Associate General Counsel, BGE 2019 - 2021
Assistant General Counsel, Exelon 2017 - 2019
21
Table of Contents
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Name AgePosition Period
Anthony , J. Tyler58 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - 2021
Olivier , Tamla 50 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2020 - 2021
Senior V ice President, Constellation NewEnergy , Inc. 2016 - 2020
Barnett, Phillip S. 59 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE2018 - Present
Oddoye, Rodney 46 Senior V ice President, Governmental, Regulatory and External
Affairs, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE2021 - Present
Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE 2020 - 2021
Vice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2018 - 2020
Bancroft, Anne 56 Vice President and General Counsel, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE2021 - Present
Associate General Counsel, Exelon 2017 - 2021
Bell-Izzard, Morlon 57 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PHI, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE2021 - Present
Vice President, Customer Operations, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE2019 - 2021
Director , Utility Performance Assessment, Exelon 2016 - 2019
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS
Each of the Registrants operates in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are
beyond that Registrant’ s direct control. Such risks, which could negatively affect one or more of the Registrants’  consolidated
financial statements, fall primarily under the categories below:
Risks related to market and financial factors  primarily include:
•the demand for electrici ty, reliability of service, and affordability in the markets where the Utility  Registrants conduct their
business,
•the ability of the Utility Registrants to operate their respective transmission and distribution assets, their ability to access
capital markets, and the impacts on their results of operations, financial condition or liquidity/cash flows due to public health
crises, epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19, and
•emerging technologies and business models, including those related to climate change mitigation and transition to a low
carbon economy .
Risks related to legis lative, regulatory , and legal factors  primarily include chang es to, and compliance  with, the laws and
regulations that govern:
•utility regulatory business models,
•environmental and climate policy , and
•tax policy .
22
Table of Contents
Risks related to operational factors  primarily include:
•changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put the Registrant’ s facilities at risk, and
such changes could also af fect the levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services,
•the ability of the Utility Registrants to maintain the reliability , resiliency , and safety of their energ y delivery systems, which
could af fect their ability to deliver energy to their customers and af fect their operating costs, and
•physical and cyber security risks for the Utility Registrants as the owner-operators of transmission and distribution facilities.
Risks related to the separation primarily  include:
•challenges to achieving the benefits of separation and
•performance by Exelon and Constellation under the transaction agreements, including indemnification responsibilities.
There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not current ly believed to be material that could
negatively af fect the Registrants' consolidated financial statements in the future.
Risks Related to Market and Financial Factors
The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the
energy industry (All Registrants).
Advancements in power generation technology , including commercial and residential solar generation installations and commercial
micro turbine installations, are improving the cost-ef fectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity . Improvements in energy
storage technology , including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity
requirements. Improvements in energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, equipment and building materials will also affect energy
consumption by customers. Changes in power generation, storage, and use technologies could have significant effects on customer
behaviors and their energy consumption.
These developments could affect levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations, and current business models and
make portions of the Utility Registrants' transmission and/or distribution facilities uneconomic prior to the end of their useful lives.
Increasing pressure from both the private and public sectors to take actions to mitigate climate  change could also push the speed
and nature of this transition. These factors could affect the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements through, among other
things, incre ased operat ing and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment charges or
accelerated depreciation over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of employee benefit plan assets and could
increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding
(All Registrants).
Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular business es and the greater economy could
adversely affect the value of the investments held within Exelon’ s employee benefit plan trusts. The asset values are subject to
market fluctu ations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below Exelon's projected return rates. A decline in the market
value of the pension and OPEB plan assets would increase the funding requirements associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB
plan obligations. Additionally , Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates
decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including
increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility
requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and OPEB plans. See
Note 14  —  Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
23
Table of Contents
The Registrants could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets (All Registrants).
The Registra nts rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper
markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the
United State s or abroad could negatively affect the Registrants’  ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank
revolving credit facilities . The banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience
shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. The
inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets because of
uncertainty , changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the
deferral of discretionary  capital expenditures, or require a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. In
addition, the Registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe, Canada, and Asia. Disruptions in these
markets could reduce or restrict the Registrants’  ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. As of
December 31, 2022, approximately 23%, 10%, and 16% of the Registrants’  available credit facilities were with European, Canadian,
and Asian banks, respectively . Additionally , higher interest rates may put pressure on the Registrants’  overall liquidity profile,
financial health and impact financial results. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or
otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties or regulatory financial
requirements, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral that could affect its liquidity and
could experience higher borrowing costs (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants' operating agreements with PJM and PECO's, BGE's, and DPL's natural gas procurement contracts contain
collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and
the Utility Registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would
be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their
remaining sources of liquidity . PJM collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as
market price s fall. Collateral posting requiremen ts for PECO, BGE, and DPL, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will
generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. If the Utility Registrants were
downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. In addition, changes in ratings
methodologies by the agencies could also have an adverse negative impact on the ratings of the Utility Registrants.
The Utility Registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and
procedures intended to assure that the Utility Registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and
other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the Utility Registrants from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial
difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary . These measures (commonly referred to as “ring-fencing”) could help avoid or limit a
downgrade in the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ring-
fencing measures, the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon.
Consequently , a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the Utility
Registrants. A reduction in the credit rating of a Utility Registrant could have a material adverse ef fect on the Utility Registrant.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS —
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Matters and Cash Requirements — Security Ratings for additional information regarding
the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’  cash flows.
24
Table of Contents
The impacts of significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates, could lead to decreased
volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances (All Registrants).
The impacts of significant economic downturns on the Utility Registrants' customers and the related regulatory limitations on
residential service terminations for the Utility Registrants, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer
balances and related expense. Further , increase s in customer rates, including those related to increases in purchased power and
natural gas prices, could result in declines in customer usage and lower revenues for the Utility Registrants that do not have
decoupling mechanisms.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK for additional information on the
Registrants’  credit risk.
Public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics, such as COVID-19 could negatively impact the Registrants'
results (All Registrants).
COVID-19 disrupted economic activity in the Registrants’  respective markets and negatively affected the Registrants’  results of
operations in 2020. However , the financial impacts were not material for the years ended Dece mber 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022, other than the 2022 impairment disclosure within Note 11 — Asset Impairments. The Registrants cannot predict the full extent
of the impac ts of COVID-19, which will depend on, among other things, the rate, and public perceptions of the effectiveness, of
vaccinations and rate of resumption of business activity . In addition, any future widespread pand emic or other local or global health
issue could adversely affect our vendors, competitors or customers and customer demand as well as the Registrants’  ability to
operate their transmission and distribution assets. See Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS - Executive Overview for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather (All Registrants).
Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities.
Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and
temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate
temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting operating revenues at PECO and DPL Delaware. Due to revenue
decoupling, operating revenues from electric distribution at ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL Maryland, and ACE are not affected by
abnormal weather .
Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the Utility Registrants' transmission and distribution
systems, communicatio n systems, and techno logy, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each
company’ s ability to meet peak customer deman d. First and third quarter financial results, in particular , are substantially dependent
on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
Climate chan ge projectio ns suggest increases to summer temperature and humidity trends, as well as more erratic precipitation and
storm patter ns over the long-term in the areas where the Utility Registrants have transmission and distribution assets. The frequency
in which weather conditions emerge outside the current expected climate norms could contribute to weather-related impacts
discussed above.
Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other assets could become impaired (All Registrants).
Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the Registrants’  statements of financial position. In addition, Exelon,
ComEd, and PHI have material goodwill balances.
The Registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or
circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. Factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and
future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.
ComEd and PHI perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event
occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the
25
Table of Contents
reporting units below their carrying amount. Regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s,
and ACE’ s business, and the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s, ComEd's, and PHI’s
goodwill.
An impairment would require the Registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset or goodwill to fair value through a
non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF
FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 7 — Property , Plant,
and Equipm ent, Note 11 — Asset Impairments, and Note 12 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on long-lived asset impairments and goodwill impairments.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under
indemnification agreements, or when the Registrants have guaranteed their performance (All Registrants).
The Registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a
Registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected
by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected Registrant
could be held responsibl e for the obligations. Each of the Utility Registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third
party and in each case the transferee has agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable Utility Registrant for
such obligat ions. In connection with the restructurings under which ComEd, PECO, and BGE transferred their generating assets to
Constellation, Constellation assumed certain of ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, and BGE's rights and obligations with respect to their former
generation businesses. Further , ComEd, PECO, and BGE have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-
party agreed to indemnify ComEd, PECO, or BGE for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses
that have been assumed  by Constellation as part of the restructuring. If the third-party , Constellation, or the transferee of Pepco's,
DPL's, or ACE’ s genera tion facilities experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became
unenforceable, the applicable Utility Registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims . In addition, the Utility Registrants
have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities.
The Registra nts have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and
sales of assets, including several of the Utility Registrants in connection with Constellation's absorption of their former generating
assets. The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations under these indemnities.
The Registra nts have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the Registrants to perform if the third
parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, the Registrants could incur substantial cost to fulfill
their obligations under these guarantees.
Risks Related to Legislative, Regulatory , and Legal Factors
The Registrants' businesses are highly regulated and electric and gas revenue and earnings could be
negatively affected by legislative and/or regulatory actions (All Registrants).
Substantial aspects of the Registrants' businesses are subject to comprehensive Federal or state legislation and/or regulation.
The Utility Registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover
their costs for the retail purchase, transmission, and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers.
Fundamental changes in regulations or adverse legislative actions affecting the Registrants’  businesses would require changes in
their business planning models and operations. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether legislative or regulatory proposals
could become law or what their ef fect would be on the Registrants.
26
Table of Contents
Changes in the Utility Registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates,
along with adoption of new rate structures and constructs, or establishment of new rate cases, are subject to
regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy, and
subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result, and which could introduce time delays in
effectuating rate changes (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms
and rates for their respe ctive services, adoption of new rate structures and constructs or estab lishment of new rate cases. These
proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various
consumers of energy , who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing
rates. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The
potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be
sufficient for a Utility Registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. Established rates are also subject to
subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or
disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, credit losses, MGP
remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs. In certain instances, the Utility
Registrants could agree to negotiated settleme nts related to various rate matters, customer initiatives, or franchise agreements.
These settlements are subject to regulatory approval. The ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a
significant effect on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover their costs or earn an adequate return. See Note 3 —  Regulatory
Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards,
including the likely exposure of the Utility Registrants to the results of PJM’s RTEP and NERC compliance
requirements (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants as users, owners, and operators of the bulk power transmission system are subject to mandatory reliability
standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to
ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with or
changes in the reliability  standards could subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In
addition, the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DEPSC, and NJBPU impose certain distribution reliability standards on the Utility
Registrants. If the Utility  Registrants were found in non-compliance with the Federal and state mandatory reliability standards, they
could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other
matters (All Registrants).
The Registrants are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state, and Federal authorities. These laws
and regulations affect the way the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they handle air
and water emissions, hazardous and solid waste, and activities affecting surface waters, groundwater , and aquatic and other
species. Violations of these requirements could subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing
facilities into compliance , additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’
claims for alleged healt h or property damages , or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, the Registrants are
subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by
the Registra nts and of property contaminated  by hazardous substances they generated or released. Remediation activities
associated with MGP  operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are
currently involved in several proceedings relating  to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to
additional proceedings in the future. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Matters and Regulation for additional information.
27
Table of Contents
The Registrants could be negatively affected by federal and state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation,
along with energy conservation by customers (All Registrants).
Changes to current state legislation or the development of Federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable, and
alternate fuel sources could significantly impact the Utility Registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed.
Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new
technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, could increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact the Utility
Registrants consolidated  financial statements if timely cost recovery is not allowed. These energy conservation programs, regulated
energy consumption reduction targets, and new energy consumption technologies could cause declines in customer energy
consumption and lead to a decline in the Registrants' earnings, if timely recovery is not allowed. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS —
Environmental Matters and Regulation — Renewable and Clean Energy Standards and "The Registrants are potentially affected by
emerging technologies that could over time af fect or transform the energy industry" above for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes, and the
inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. (All Registrants).
The Registr ants are required to make judgments to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities, which includes general tax
positions taken and associated reserves established. Tax obligations include, but are not limited to: income, real estate, sales and
use, and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. All tax estimates could be subject to
challenge by the tax authorities. Additionally , earnings may be impacted due to changes in federal or local/state tax laws, and the
inherent difficulty of estimating potential tax effects of ongoing business decisions. See Note 1 —  Significant Accounting Policies and
Note 13  —  Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Legal proceedings could result in a negative outcome, which the Registrants cannot predict (All Registrants).
The Registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising out of their business operations. The material ones
are summarized in Note 18  —  Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue, or restrict, or disrupt business
activities.
The Registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to
negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (All
Registrants).
The Registra nts could be the subject of public criticism. Adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and
other regula tory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies in a favor able light, and could cause those
companies, including the Registrants, to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulat ory outcomes, as well as increased
regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.
Exelon and ComEd have received requests for information related to an SEC investigation into their lobbying
activities. The outcome of the investigations could have a material adverse effect on their reputation and
consolidated financial statements (Exelon and ComEd).
On October 22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it had opened an investigation  into their lobbying activities in the
state of Illinois. Exelon and ComEd have cooper ated fully, including by providing all information requested by the SEC, and intend to
continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with the SEC. The outcome of the SEC’ s investigation cannot be predicted and could
subject Exelon and ComEd to civil penalties, sanctions, or other remedial measures. Any of the foregoing, as well as the appearance
of non-comp liance with anti-corruption and anti-b ribery laws, could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputations or
relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers, and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial
28
Table of Contents
statements. See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
If ComEd violates its Deferred Prosecution Agreement announced on July 17, 2020, it could have an adverse
effect on the reputation and consolidated financial statements of Exelon and ComEd (Exelon and ComEd).
On July 17, 2020, Com Ed entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern
District of Illinois (USAO ) to resolve the USAO’ s investigation into Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s lobbying activities in the State of Illinois.
Exelon was not made a party to the DPA and the investigation by the USAO into Exelon’ s activities ended with no charges being
brought against Exelon. Under the DPA, the USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComEd improperly gave and offered to give
jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the Speaker of the Illinois
House of Representatives and the Speaker ’s associates, with the intent to influence the Speaker ’s action regarding legislation
affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or
civil case against ComEd in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of
ComEd, including, but not limited to, the followi ng: (i) payment to the U.S. Treasury of $200 million; (ii) continued full cooperation
with the government’ s investigation; and (iii) ComEd’ s adoption and maintenance of remedial measures involving compliance and
reporting undertakings as specified in the DPA. If ComEd is found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the USAO may elect to
prosecute, or bring a civil action against, ComEd  for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government, which could result in
fines or penalties and could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputation or relationships with regulatory and
legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial statements. See Note 18 —
Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Risks Related to Operational Factors
The Registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change (All Registrants).
The Registrants periodically perform analyses to better understand long-term projections of climate change and how those changes
in the physical environm ents where they operate could affect their facilities and operations. The Registrants primarily operate in the
Midwest and Mid-Atlantic of the United States, areas that historically have been prone to vario us types of severe weather events,
and as such the Registr ants have well-developed response and recovery programs based on these historical events. However , the
Registrants’  physical facilities could be at greate r risk of damage as changes in the global climate affect temperature and weather
patterns, or be placed at greater risk of damage should climate changes result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather
events, elevated levels of precipitation, sea level rise, increased surface water temperatures, and/or other effects. Over time, the
Registrants are making additional investments to protect their facilities from physical climate-related risks.
In addition, changes to the climate may impact levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services, which could affect
Registrants’  operations. Over time, the Regis trants are making additional investments to adapt to changes in operational
requirements to manage demand changes and customer expectations caused by climate change.
Climate Change risks include changes to the energy systems due to new technologies, changing customer expectations and/or
voluntary GHG goals, as well as local, state, or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce GHG emissions. The Registrants
also periodically perform analyses of potential energy system transition pathways to reduce  economy-wide GHG emissions to
mitigate climate change. To the extent additional GHG reduction legislation and/or regulation becomes effective at the Federal and/or
state levels,  the Registrants could incur costs to further limit the GHG emissions from their operations or otherwise comply with
applicable requirements. See ITEM 1. BUSINES S — Environmental Matters and Regulation — Climate Change and ITEM 1.A. "The
Registrants are potentially affected by emerging  technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry" above for
additional information.
29
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants' operating costs are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of
their delivery and operational systems (All Registrants).
Failures of the equipme nt or facilities used in the Utility Registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and
electric and natural gas delivery , which could result in a loss of revenues and an increase in maintenance and capital expenditures.
Equipment or facilities failures can be due to several factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems
failure. Spec ifically , if the implementation of AMI, smart grid, or other technologies in the Utility  Registrants' service territory fail to
perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, or if any of the financial,
accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the Utility Registrants' financial results
could be negatively impacted. In addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational
system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are dif ficult to detect.
Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory , have generally been afforded
liability prote ctions again st claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however , ComEd could be required to
pay damage s to its customers in some circums tances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, which
could be material.
The Registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (All Registrants).
The Registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks. Threat sources, including sophisticated nation-state actors, continue
to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric and natural gas utility industry , grid infrastructure, and other energy
infrastructures, and these attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber , are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic.
Continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks.
Additionally , the U.S. government has warned  that the Ukraine conflict may increase the risks of attacks targeting critical
infrastructure in the United States.
A security breach of the Registrants' physical assets or information systems or those of the Registrants competitors, vendors,
business partners and interconnected entities in RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could materially impact Registrants by, among other
things, impa iring the availability of electricity and gas distributed by Registrants and/or the reliability of transmission and distribution
systems, impairing the availability of vendor services and materials that the Registrants rely on to maintain their operations, or by
leading to the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive
customer , vendor , or employee data, or other confidential data. The risk of these events and security breaches occurring continues
to intensify, and while the Registrants have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to phys ical and cyber-attacks, to date none
have directly experienced a material breach or material disruption to its network or information systems or our operations. However ,
as such attacks continue  to increase in sophistication and frequency , the Registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in
the future.
If a significa nt security breach were to occur , the Registrants' reputation could be negatively affected, customer confidence in the
Registrants or others in the industry could be diminished, or the Registrants could be subjec t to legal claims, loss of revenues,
increased costs, or operations shutdown. Moreover , the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from
any such security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to
business that could result.
The Utility Registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an
intentional disruption of the system by third parties.
In addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by
the Registrants or their business operations and could adversely af fect their consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers, and the general public could be exposed to a risk of
injury due to the nature of the energy industry (All Registrants).
Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to,
potentially dangerous environments near the Registrants’  operations. As a result, employees,
30
Table of Contents
contractors, customers, and the general public are at some risk for serious injury , including loss of life. These risks include gas
explosions, pole strikes, and electric contact cases.
Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic, and other significant events could negatively
impact the Registrants' results of operations, ability to raise capital and future growth (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters and extreme weather
events, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Utility Registrants’
service areas can also directly affect their capita l assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles
or damage to other operating equipment.
The impact that potentia l terrorist attacks could have on the industry and the Registrants is uncertain. The Registrants face a risk
that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror . Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained
military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel
supplies and markets, particularly oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of the
Registrants' facilities, which could adversely affect the Registrants' ability to manage their businesses effectively . Instability in the
financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recessio n, or other factors also could result
in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines
and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
The Registra nts could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic.
However , depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability , the ability
to operate Exelon's transmission and distribution assets could be adversely af fected.
In addition, Exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property , casualty , and
cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt
operations. However , there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and
casualty losses.
The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to
maintain and are subject to operational failure or be impacted by lack of availability of critical parts, which
could result in potential liability (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in transmission and distribution
infrastructure projects. Equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure,
including events that are beyond the Utility Registrants’  control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently .
Additionally , if critical parts are not available, it may impact the timing of execution of capital projects. The Registrants' consolidated
financial statements could be negatively affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the
necessary capital, or if they are deemed liable for operational failure. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS
OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS — Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information
regarding the Registrants’  potential future capital expenditures.
The Utility Registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs, and their capital
expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring
transmission systems (All Registrants).
Demand for electricity within the Utility Registra nts' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative
routing or curtailment of electricity usage. Also, insuf ficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize
the Utility Registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulat ory agency relationships. As with all
utilities, potential concer ns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in PJM or FERC requiring the
Utility Registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
31
Table of Contents
PJM’ s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of
one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. However , service interruptions at other utilities may
cause interruptions in the Utility Registrants’  service areas.
The Registrants' performance could be negatively affected if they fail to attract and retain an appropriately
qualified workforce (All Registrants).
Certain events, such as the separation transaction, an employee strike, loss of employees, loss of contract resources due to a major
event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the
Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill
development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, produc tivity costs, and safety costs, could
arise. The Registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for
their transmission and distribution operations as well as areas where new technologies are pertinent.
The Registrants’ performance could be negatively affected by poor performance of third-party contractors that
perform periodic or ongoing work (All Registrants).
All Registrants rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance, and construction work. Performance standards
typically are included in all contractual obligations, but poor performance may impact the capital execution plan or operations, or
have adverse financial or reputational consequences.
The Registrants could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which
may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results (All Registrants).
The Utility Registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated initiatives, such as smart grids and and broader
beneficial electrification. These risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery , regulatory concerns, cybersecurity , and
obsolescence of technology . Such initiatives may not be successful.
Risks Related to the Separation (Exelon)
The separation may not achieve some or all of the benefits anticipated by Exelon and, following the separation,
Exelon's common stock price may underperform relative to Exelon's expectations.
By separating the Utility Registrants and Constellation, Exelon created two publicly traded companies with the resources necessary
to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating excellence. The separate companies are expected to
create value  by having the strategic flexibility to focus on their unique customer , market and community priorities. However , the
separation may not provide such results on the scope or scale that Exelon anticipates, and Exelon may not realize the anticipated
benefits of the separatio n. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on Exelon's financial statements and its common
stock price.
In connection with the separation into two public companies, Exelon and Constellation will indemnify each
other for certain liabilities. If Exelon is required to pay under these indemnities to Constellation, Exelon's
financial results could be negatively impacted. The Constellation indemnities may not be sufficient to hold
Exelon harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which Constellation will be allocated responsibility, and
Constellation may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.
Pursuant to the separation agreement and certain other agreements between Exelon and Constellation, each party will agree to
indemnify the other for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. Indemnities that Exelon may be required to provide
Constellation are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact its busin ess. Third parties could also seek to
hold Exelon responsible for any of the liabilitie s that Constellation has agreed to retain. Any amounts Exelon is required to pay
pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require Exelon to divert cash that would otherwise have been
used in furtherance of its operating business. Further , the indemnities from Constellation for Exelon's benefit may not be
32
Table of Contents
sufficient to protect Exelon against the full amount of such liabilities, and Constellation may not be able to fully satisfy its
indemnification obligations.
Moreover , even if Exelon ultimately succeeds in recovering from Constellation any amounts for which Exelon is held liable, Exelon
may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect Exelon's business, results of operations
and financial condition.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS
All Registrants
None.
33
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants' electric substations and a portion of their transmission rights are located on property that they own. A
significant portion of their electric transmission and distribution facilities are located above or underneath highways, streets, other
public places, or property that others own. The Utility Registrants believe that they have satisfactory rights to use those places or
property in the form of permits, grants, easements, licenses, and franchise rights; however , they have not necessarily undertaken to
examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights rest.
Transmission and Distribution
The Utility Registrants’  high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2022 were as follows:
Voltage Circuit Miles
(Volts) ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
765,000 90 — — — — —
500,000 — 188 216 109 15 —
345,000 2,678 — — — — —
230,000 — 550 352 770 472 272
138,000 2,257 135 55 61 586 214
115,000 — — 700 25 — —
69,000 — 177 — — 567 662
___________
(a)    In addition, PECO, DPL, and ACE have an ownership interest located in Delaware and New Jersey. See Note 8 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility
Plant of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution system includes the following number of circuit miles of overhead and underground lines:
Circuit Miles ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Overhead 35,387 12,965 9,155 4,130 6,007 7,345
Underground 32,684 9,590 17,927 7,207 6,513 3,007
Gas
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL ’s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2022:
PECO BGE DPL
Transmission 9 152 8
Distribution 6,990 7,527 2,198
Service piping 6,479 6,761 1,486
Total 13,478 14,440 3,692
___________
(a)    DPL has a 10% undivided interest in approximately 8 miles of natural gas transmission mains located in Delaware, which are used by DPL for
its natural gas operations and by 90% owner for distribution of natural gas to its electric generating facilities.(a)
(a)
34
Table of Contents
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL ’s natural gas facilities:
Registrant Facility LocationStorage Capacity
(mmcf)Send-out or Peaking
Capacity
(mmcf/day)
PECO LNG Facility West Conshohocken, P A 1,200 160
PECO Propane Air Plant Chester , PA 105 25
BGE LNG Facility Baltimore, MD 1,056 332
BGE Propane Air Plant Baltimore, MD 550 85
DPL LNG Facility Wilmington, DE 250 25
PECO, BGE, and DPL  also own 30, 30, and 10 natural gas city gate stations and direct pipeline customer delivery points at various
locations throughout their gas service territory , respectively .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principa l properties of ComEd, PECO, PEPCO, DPL, and ACE are subject to the lien of their respective Mortgages under which
their respective First Mortgage Bonds are issued. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agree ments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants maintain property insurance against loss or damage to their properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain
exceptions. For their insured losses, the Utility Registrants are self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy
deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolidated
financial condition or results of operations of the Utility Registrants.
Exelon
Security Measures
The Registra nts have initiated and work to main tain security measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced
security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term  design changes, and redundancy
measures. Additionally , the energy industry has strategic relationships with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans
are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the country’ s energy systems.
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS
All Registrants
The Registrants are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. For
information regarding material lawsuits and proceedings, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 18 — Commitments and
Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Such descriptions are incorporated herein by these
references.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable
35
Table of Contents
PART II
(Dollars in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES
Exelon
Exelon’ s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq  (trading symbol: EXC). As of January 31, 2023, there were 994,126,931 shares of
common stock outstanding and approximately 80,780 record holders of common stock.
Stock Performance Graph
The performance graph below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns base d on an initial investment of $100 in
Exelon common stock, compared with the S&P 500 Stock Index and the S&P Utility Index, for the period 2018 through 2022.
Cumulative total returns account for the separation of Constellation, as spin-of f dividend is assumed to be reinvested as received.
This performance chart assumes:
•$100 invested on December 31, 2017 in Exelon common stock, the S&P  500 Stock Index, and the S&P  Utility Index; and
•All dividends are reinvested.
36
Table of Contents
Value of Investment at December 31,
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Exelon Corporation $100.00 $118.33 $123.39 $118.59 $167.70 $181.67
S&P 500 $100.00 $95.62 $125.72 $148.85 $191.58 $156.88
S&P Utilities $100.00 $104.11 $131.54 $132.18 $155.53 $157.97
ComEd
As of January 31, 2023 , there were 127,021,394 outstanding shares of common stock, $12.50 par value, of ComEd, of which
127,002,904 shares were indirectly held by Exelon. As of January 31, 2023, in addition to Exelon, there were 283 record holders of
ComEd common stock. There is no established market for shares of the common stock of ComEd.
PECO
As of January 31, 2023, there were 170,478,507 outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of PECO, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
BGE
As of January 31, 2023 , there were 1,000 outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of BGE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
PHI
As of January 31, 2023, Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in PHI.
Pepco
As of January 31, 2023, there were 100 outstand ing shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of Pepco, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
DPL
As of January 31, 2023, there were 1,000 outstanding shares of common stock, $2.25 par value , of DPL, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
ACE
As of Janua ry 31, 2023, there were 8,546,017 outstanding shares of common stock, $3.00 par value, of ACE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
All Registrants
Dividends
Under applicable Federal law, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE can pay dividen ds only from retained, undistributed,
or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, or ACE may limit the dividends that these
companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed, in connection with a financing arranged through ComEd Financing III, that ComEd will not declare dividends on
any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated
debt securities issued to ComEd Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
37
Table of Contents
PECO has agreed, in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV, that PECO will not declare
dividends on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved by the MDP SC and DCPSC that prohibit Pepco
from paying a dividend on its common shares  if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio would be below 48% as
calculated pursuant to the MDPSC's and DCPSC's ratemaking precedents, or (b) Pepco’ s senio r unsecured credit rating is rated by
one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved by the DEPSC and MDPSC that prohibit DPL
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated
pursuant to the DEPSC's and MDPSC's ratemaking precedents, or (b) DPL ’s corporate issuer or senior unsecured credit rating, or its
equivalent, is rated by any of the three major credit rating agencies below the generally accepted definition of investment grade. No
such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved by the NJBPU that prohibit ACE from paying a
dividend on its common  shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's common equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated
pursuant to the NJBPU's  ratemaking precedents, or (b) ACE's senior corporate issuer or senior unsecured credit rating is rated by
one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requires
ACE to notify and obtain the prior approval of the NJBPU before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total
capitalization, excluding securitization debt, falls below 30%. No such events have occurred.
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2023. The 2023 quarterly dividend will be $0.36 per share.
As of December 31, 2022, Exelon had retained earnings of $4,597 million, ComEd had retained earnings of $2,030 million, PECO
had retained earnings of $1,861 million, BGE had retained earnings of $2,075 million, and PHI had undistributed losses of $352
million.
The following table sets forth Exelon’ s quarterly cash dividends per share paid during 2022 and 2021:
2022 2021
(per share)Fourth
QuarterThird
QuarterSecond
QuarterFirst
QuarterFourth
QuarterThird
QuarterSecond
QuarterFirst
Quarter
Exelon $ 0.3375 $ 0.3375 $ 0.3375 $ 0.3375 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 
38
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth PHI's quarterly distributions and ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's quarterly
common dividend payments:
2022 2021
(in millions)4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter
ComEd 144 145 145 144 127 127 126 127 
PECO 100 99 100 100 85 85 84 85 
BGE 74 75 75 76 73 73 72 74 
PHI 125 230 293 102 98 191 333 81 
Pepco 63 100 258 42 47 98 95 28 
DPL 48 39 15 41 41 43 23 40 
ACE 17 90 19 19 8 51 215 14 
First Quarter 2023 Dividend
On February 14, 2023, Exelon's Board of Direc tors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.36 per share on Exelon’ s common
stock for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend is payable on Friday , March 10, 2023, to shareholders of record of Exelon as of 5
p.m. Eastern time on Monday , February 27, 2023.
39
Table of Contents
ITEM 6. [RESER VED]
40
Table of Contents
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
(Dollars in millions except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
Exelon
Executive Overview
Exelon is a utility services holding company enga ged in the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
Exelon has six reportable segments consisting of ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies and Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding Exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
Exelon’ s consolidated financial information includes the results of its seven separate operat ing subsidiary registrants, ComEd,
PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepc o, DPL, and ACE, which, along with Exelon, are collectively referred to as the Registrants. The following
combined Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is separately filed by Exelon,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. However , none of the Registrants makes any representation as to information
related solely to any of the other Registrants. For discussion of the Utility Registrants' year ended December 31, 2021 compared to
the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION
AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS in the 2021 Recast Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on June 30, 2022.
COVID-19.  The Registrants have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbreak (pandemic) of COVID-19.
The Registrants provide a critical service to our customers which means that it is paramount  that we keep our employees who
operate our businesses safe and minimize unnecessary risk of exposure to the virus by taking extra precautions for employees who
work in the field and in our facilities. The Registrants have implemented work from home polici es where appropriate, and imposed
travel limitations on employees.
The Registrants continue to implement strong physical and cyber-security measures to ensure that our systems remain functional in
order to both serve our operational needs with a remote workforce and keep them running to ensure uninterrupted service to our
customers.
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting as a result of COVID-19 that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, any of the Registra nts’ internal control over financial reporting. See ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES for additional information.
There were no materia l impacts to Exelon from unfavorable economic conditions due to COVID-19 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, other than the 2022 impairment discussed below .
The Registrants assessed long-lived assets, goodwill, and investments for recoverability . Exelon and BGE recorded a pre-tax
impairment charge of $48 millio n in 2022 as a result of COVID-19 impac ts on office use. See Note 12 — Asset Impairm ents for
additional information related to this impairment assessment. None of the other Registrants recorded material impairment charges in
2022 as a result of COVID-19. Additionally , there were no material impairment charges recorded in 2021 as a result of COVID-19.
The Registrants will continue to monitor developments affecting their workforce, customers, and suppliers and will take additional
precautions that they determine to be necessary in order to mitigate the impacts. The Registrants cannot predict the full extent of the
impacts of COVID-19, which will depend on, among other things, the rate, and public perceptions of the effectiveness, of
vaccinations and rate of resumption of business activity .
41
Table of Contents
Financial Results of Operations
GAAP  Results of Operations. The following table sets forth Exelon's GAAP  consolidated Net income attributable to common
shareholders from continuing operations and the Utility Registrants' Net income for the year ende d December 31, 2022 compared to
the same period in 2021. For additional information regarding the financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
see the discussions of Results of Operations by Registrant.
2022 2021Favorable (Unfavorable)
Variance
Exelon 2,054 1,616 $ 438 
ComEd 917 742 175 
PECO 576 504 72 
BGE 380 408 (28)
PHI 608 561 47 
Pepco 305 296 9 
DPL 169 128 41 
ACE 148 146 2 
Other (427) (599) 172 
__________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and
investing activities.
The separat ion of Constellation Energy Corpora tion, including Generation and its subsidiaries, meets the criteria for discontinued
operations and as such,  Generation's results of operations are presented as discontinued opera tions and have been excluded from
Exelon's continuing operations for all periods presented. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 2 — Discontinued
Operations for additional information.
Accounting rules require that certain BSC costs previously allocated to Generation be presented as part of Exelon’ s continuing
operations as these costs do not qualify as expenses of the discontinued operations. Such costs are included in Other in the table
above and were $28 million and $429 million on a pre-tax basis, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively .
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021.  Net income attributable to common
shareholders from continuing operations  increased by $438 million and diluted earnings per average common share from
continuing operations increased to $2.08 in 2022 from $1.65 in 2021 primarily due to:
•Higher electric distribution earnings and energy efficiency earnings from higher rate base and higher allowed ROE due
to an increase in treasury rates at ComEd;
•The favorable impacts of rate increases at PECO, BGE, and PHI;
•Favorable impacts of decreased storm costs at PECO and BGE; and
•Lower BSC costs presented in Exelon’ s continuing operations, which were previously allocated  to Generation but do
not qualify as expenses of the discontinued operation per the accounting rules.
The increases were partially of fset by:
•An income tax expense recorded in connection with the separation primarily due to the long-term marginal state
income tax rate change, the recognition of valuation allowances against the net deferred tax assets positions for
certain standalone state filing jurisdictions, and nondeductible transaction costs partially offset by a one-time impact
associated with a state tax benefit;
•An adjustment at PECO to exclude one-time non-cash impacts associated with the remeasurement of deferred income
taxes as a result of the reduction in Pennsylvania corporate income tax rate;(a)
42
Table of Contents
•Higher depreciation expense at PECO, BGE, and PHI;
•Higher credit loss expense at PECO, BGE, and PHI;
•Higher storm costs at PHI; and
•Higher interest expense at PECO, BGE, PHI, and Exelon Corporate.
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. In addition to Net incom e, Exelon evaluates its operating performance using the
measure of Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the
ongoing operations of the business. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses,
and other specified items. This information is intended to enhance an investor ’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating
results and provide an indication of Exelon’ s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to
be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. In addition, this information is among the primary indicators
management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning
and forecasting of future periods. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not
be comparable to other  companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this
report.
43
Table of Contents
The following table provides a reconciliation between Net income attributable to common shareholders from continuing operations as
determined in accordance with GAAP  and Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to 2021: 
For the Years Ended December 31,
2022 2021
(In millions, except per share data)Earnings per
Diluted ShareEarnings per
Diluted Share
Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders from
Continuing Operations $ 2,054  $ 2.08 $ 1,616  $ 1.65 
Mark-to-Market Impact of Economic Hedging Activities (net of taxes
of $1 and $3, respectively) 4 — 4 — 
Asset Impairments (net of taxes of $10) 38 0.04 — — 
Cost Management Program (net of taxes of $1) — — 6 0.01 
Asset Retirement Obligation (net of taxes of $2 and $1,
respectively) (4) — 2 — 
COVID-19 Direct Costs (net of taxes of $6) — — 14 0.01 
Acquisition Related Costs (net of taxes of $5) — — 15 0.02 
ERP System Implementation Costs (net of taxes of $0 and $4,
respectively) 1 — 13 0.01 
Separation Costs (net of taxes of $10 and $21, respectively) 24 0.02 58 0.06 
Income Tax-Related Adjustments (entire amount represents tax
expense) 122 0.12 62 0.06 
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings $ 2,239  $ 2.27 $ 1,791  $ 1.83 
__________
Note:
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
Unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between GAAP Net Income and Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings is
based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each Registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is
taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. The marginal statutory income tax rates for 2022 and 2021 ranged from 24.0% to 29.0%.
(a)Reflects costs related to the impairment of an office building at BGE, which are recorded in Operating and maintenance expense.
(b)Primarily represents reorganization costs related to cost management programs.
(c)Represents direct costs related to COVID-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies
and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the health of employees, which are recorded in Operating and maintenance
expense.
(d)Reflects certain BSC costs related to the acquisition of EDF's interest in CENG, which was completed in the third quarter of 2021, that were
historically allocated to Generation but are presented as part of continuing operations in Exelon's results as these costs do not qualify as
expenses of the discontinued operations per the accounting rules.
(e)Reflects costs related to a multi-year ERP system implementation, which are recorded in Operating and maintenance expense.
(f)Represents costs related to the separation primarily comprised of system-related costs, third-party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers,
and other experts assisting in the separation, and employee-related severance costs, which are recorded in Operating and maintenance
expense.
(g)In 2021, for PHI, primarily reflects the recognition of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset associated with Delaware net operating
loss carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. In 2021, for Corporate, reflects the adjustment to deferred income taxes due to changes
in forecasted apportionment. In 2022, for PECO, primarily reflects an adjustment to exclude one-time non-cash impacts associated with the
remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the reduction in Pennsylvania corporate income tax rate. In 2022, for Corporate, in
connection with the separation, Exelon recorded an income tax expense primarily due to the long-term marginal state income tax rate change,
the recognition of valuation allowances against the deferred tax assets positions for certain standalone state filing jurisdictions, and
nondeductible transaction costs partially offset by a one-time impact associated with a state tax benefit.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
44
Table of Contents
Significant 2022 Transactions and Developments
Separation
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies (“the separation”). Exelon completed the separation on February 1, 2022. Constellation was newly formed
and incorporated in Penn sylvania on June 15, 2021 for the purpose of separation and holds Generation. The separation represented
a strategic shift that would have a major effect on Exelon’ s operations and financial results. Accordingly , the separation meets the
criteria for discontinued operations. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on the separation and discontinued operations.
In connection with the separation, Exelon incurred separation costs impacting continuing operatio ns of $34 million and $79 million on
a pre-tax basis for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively , which are recor ded in Operating and maintenance
expense. These costs are excluded from Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. The separation costs are primarily comprised of
system-related costs, third-party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers, and other experts assisting in the separation, and
employee-related severance costs.
Equity Securities Of fering
On August 4, 2022, Exelon entered into an agreement with certain underwriters in connection with an underwritten public offering of
12.995 millio n shares of its common stock, no par value. The net proceeds were $563 million before expenses paid by Exelon. See
Note 19 — Shareholders' Equity of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Utility Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric
transmission and distribution, and gas distribut ion rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The
outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future financial statements.
The following tables show the Utility Registrants’  completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2022. See Note
3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additi onal information on these and other
regulatory proceedings.
45
Table of Contents
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested
Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseApproved
Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseApproved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - IllinoisApril 16, 2021 Electric $ 51 $ 46 7.36 %December 1,
2021January 1,
2022
April 15, 2022 Electric 199 199 7.85 %November
17, 2022January 1,
2023
PECO -
PennsylvaniaMarch 30, 2021 Electric 246 132 
N/ANovember
18, 2021January 1,
2022
March 31, 2022Natural
Gas82 55 October 27,
2022January 1,
2023
BGE - MarylandMay 15, 2020
(amended
September 11,
2020)Electric 203 140 9.50 %
December
16, 2020January 1,
2021 Natural
Gas108 74 9.65 %
Pepco - District of
ColumbiaMay 30, 2019
(amended June 1,
2020)Electric 136 109 9.275 %June 8, 2021 July 1, 2021
Pepco - MarylandOctober 26, 2020
(amended March
31, 2021)Electric 104 52 9.55 %June 28,
2021June 28,
2021
DPL - MarylandSeptember 1, 2021
(amended
December 23,
2021)Electric 27 13 9.60 %March 2,
2022March 2,
2022
May 19, 2022 Electric 38 29 9.60 %December
14, 2022January 1,
2023
DPL - DelawareJanuary 14, 2022
(amended August
15, 2022)Natural
Gas13 8 9.60 %October 12,
2022August 14,
2022
ACE - New JerseyDecember 9, 2020
(amended
February 26, 2021)Electric 67 41 9.60 %July 14, 2021January 1,
2022
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
ComEd - Illinois January 17, 2023 Electric $ 1,472 10.50% to
10.65%Fourth quarter of 2023
DPL - Delaware December 15, 2022 Electric 60 10.50 % Second quarter of 2024
46
Table of Contents
Transmission Formula Rates
The following total incre ases/(decreases) were included in the Utility Registrants' 2022 annua l electric transmission formula rate
updates. All rates are effective June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2023, subject to review by interested parties pursuant to review protocols of
each Utility Registrants' tariff. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseAnnual
Reconciliation
(Decrease) IncreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseAllowed Return on
Rate Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 24 $ (24) $ — 8.11 % 11.50 %
PECO 23 16 39 7.30 % 10.35 %
BGE 25 (4) 16 7.30 % 10.50 %
Pepco 16 15 31 7.60 % 10.50 %
DPL 9 2 11 7.09 % 10.50 %
ACE 21 13 34 7.18 % 10.50 %
Pennsylvania Corporate Income T ax Rate Change
On July 8, 2022, Pennsylvania enacted House Bill 1342, which will permanently reduce the corpo rate income tax rate from 9.99% to
4.99%. The tax rate will be reduced to 8.99% for the 2023 tax year. Starting with the 2024 tax year, the rate is reduced by 0.50%
annually until it reaches 4.99% in 2031. As a result of the rate change, in the third quarter of 2022, Exelon and PECO recorded a
one-time decrease to deferred income taxes of $390 million with a corresponding decrease to the deferred income taxes regulatory
asset of $428 million for the amounts that are expected to be settled through future customer rates and an increase to income tax
expense of $38 million (net of federal taxes), which was excluded from Exelon's Adjusted (non-G AAP) Operating Earnings. The tax
rate decrease is not expected to have a material ongoing impact to Exelon’ s and PECO’ s financial statements. See Note 13 —
Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Inflation Reduction Act
On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law. The bill extends tax benefits for renewable technologies
like solar and wind, and it creates new tax benefits for alternative clean energy sources like nuclear and hydrogen and it focuses on
energy efficiency , electr ification, and equity . However , the bill also implements a new 15.0% corporate minimum tax based on
modified GAAP net income. Exelon estimates the IRA could result in an increase in cash taxes for Exelon of approximately $200
million per year starting in 2023. Exelon is continuing to assess the impacts of the IRA on the financial statements and will update
estimates based on guidance to be issued by the U.S. Treasury in the future.
Asset Impairment
In the third quarter of 2022, a review of the impacts of COVID-19 on office use resulted in plans to cease the renovation and dispose
of an office building at BGE before the asset was placed into service. BGE determined that the carrying value was not recoverable
and that its fair value was less than carrying value. As a result, Exelon and BGE recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $48 million
in 2022, which was excluded from Exelon's Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. See Note 11 — Asset Impairments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
ComEd's FERC Audit
The Registrants are subject to periodic audits and investigations by FERC. FERC’ s Division of Audits and Accounting initiated a
nonpublic audit of ComEd in May 2021 evalu ating ComEd’ s compliance with (1) approved terms, rates and conditions of its
transmission formula rate mechanism; (2) accounting requirements of the Uniform System of Accounts; (3) reporting requirements of
the FERC Form 1; and (4) the requirements for record retention. The audit covered the period from January 1, 2017 through August
31, 2022. On January 17, 2023, ComEd was provided with information on a series of potential findings, including concerning
ComEd's
47
Table of Contents
methodology regarding the allocation of certain overhead costs to capital under FERC regulations. The final outcome and resolution
of the findings or of the audit itself cannot be predicted and the results, while not reasonably estimable at this time, could be material
to the Exelo n and ComEd financial statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies
Utility Rates and Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission
and distribut ion, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The outcomes of these
regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future results of operations, cash flows, and financial positions.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information on these
regulatory proceedings.
Legislative and Regulatory Developments
City of Chicago Franchise Agreement
The current ComEd Franchise Agreement with the City of Chicago (the City) has been in force since 1992. The Franchise
Agreement grants rights to use the public right of way to install, maintain, and operate the wires, poles, and other infrastructure
required to deliver electricity to residents and businesses across the City. The Franchise Agreement became terminable on one year
notice as of December 31, 2020. It now continues in effect indefinitely unless and until either party issues a notice of termination,
effective one year later, or it is replaced by mutua l agreement with a new franchise agreement between ComEd and the City. If either
party termin ates and no new agreement is reached between the parties, the parties could continue with ComEd providing electric
services within the City with no franchise agreement in place. The City also has an option to terminate and purchase the ComEd
system (“municipalize”), which also requires one year notice. Neither party has issued a notice of termination at this time, the City
has not exercised its municipalization option, and no new agreement has become effective. Accordingly , the 1992 Franchise
Agreement remains in effect at this time. In April 2021, the City invited interested parties to respond to a Request for Information
(RFI) regarding the franchise for electricity delivery . Final responses to the RFI were due on July 30, 2021, however , on July 29,
2021, the City chose to extend the final submission deadline to September 30, 2021. ComEd submitted its response to the RFI by
the due date. However , the City did not proceed  to issue an RFP. Since that time, ComEd and the City continued to negotiate and
have arrived at a proposed Chicago Franchise Agreement (CFA) and an Energy and Equity Agreement (EEA). These agreements
together are intended to grant ComEd the right to continue providing electric utility services using public ways within the City of
Chicago, and to create a new non-profit entity to advance energy and energy-related equity projects. On February 1, 2023, the
proposed CFA and EEA were introduced to the City Council. The proposed CFA and EEA remain subject to approval by the City
Council and the Exelon Board.
While Exelon  and ComEd cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these processes, fundamental changes in the agreements or other
adverse actions affecting ComEd’ s business in the City would require changes in their business planning models and operations and
could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s consolidated financial statements. If the City were to disconnect
from the ComEd system , ComEd would seek full compensation for the business and its assoc iated property taken by the City, as
well as for all damages resulting to ComEd and its system. ComEd would also seek appropria te compensation for stranded costs
with FERC.
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act
On Novemb er 15, 2021, President Biden signed  the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) into law. IIJA provides
for approxim ately $550 billion in new federal spending. Categories of funding include funding for a variety of infrastructure needs,
including but not limite d to: (1) power and grid reliability and resilience, (2) resilience for cybersecurity to address critical
infrastructure needs, and (3) electric vehicle charging infrastructure for alternative fuel corridors. Federal agencies are developing
guidelines to implement  spending programs under IIJA. The time needed to develop these guidelines will vary with some limited
program applications opened as early as the first quarter of 2022. The Registrants are contin uing to analyze the legislation and
considering possible opportunities to apply for funding, either directly or in potential collaborations with state and/or local
48
Table of Contents
agencies and key stakeh olders. The Registrants cannot predict the ultimate timing and success  of securing funding from programs
under IIJA.
ComEd and BGE applied for the Middle Mile Grant (MMG), which establishes and funds construction, improvement, or acquisition of
middle mile broadband infrastructure which creates high-speed internet services. The MMG  addresses inequitable broadband
access by expansion and extension of the middl e mile infrastructure in underserved communities. ComEd and BGE cannot predict if
their applications will be approved as filed or the timing of receiving any funds if they are awarded a grant.
In December 2022, Exelon and the Utility Registrants submitted 14 concept papers in response  to the Department of Energy's Grid
Resilience and Innovation Partnership (GRIP) program. These concept papers are focused on delivering grid resilience and grid
benefits to customers and communities across the Exelon footprint. Eleven of the fourteen opportunities received letters of
encouragement to submit applications due in the first half of 2023. Exelon cannot predict if their applications will be approved as filed
or the timing of receiving any funds if they are awarded a grant.
Exelon and the Utility Registrants are supporting three different Regional Clean Hydrogen Hub opportunities, covering all five states
that Exelon operates in plus Washington D.C., that have submitted concept papers to the Department of Energy . All three
opportunities have received letters of encourag ement from Department of Energy to submit applications due in April 2023. The
program will create networks of hydrogen producers, consumers, and local connective infrastructure to accelerate the use of
hydrogen as a clean energy carrier that can deliver or store energy . Exelon cannot predict if their applications will be approved as
filed or the timing of receiving any funds if they are awarded a grant.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP  requires that management apply accounting policies and make
estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial
statements. Management believes that the acco unting policies described below require significant judgment in their application or
incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Additional
information on the application of these accou nting policies can be found in the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, and PHI)
As of December 31, 2022, Exelon’ s $6.6 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists of $2.6 billion at ComEd and $4 billion at PHI.
These entitie s are required to perform an assess ment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if
an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their
carrying amount. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is
the level at which goodw ill is assessed for impairment. ComEd has a single operating segment and reporting unit. PHI’s operating
segments and reporting units are Pepco, DPL, and ACE. See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for addition al information. Exelon's and ComEd’ s goodwill  has been assigned entirely to the
ComEd reporting unit. Exelon's and PHI’s goodw ill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL, and ACE reporting units in the amounts of
$2.1 billion, $1.4 billion, and $0.5 billion, respectively . See Note 12 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd, and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
Application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market
49
Table of Contents
performance and transactions, and projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's businesses
and the fair value of debt.
While the 2022 annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to
changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s,
ComEd's, or PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 12 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Unamortized Energy Contract Liabilities (Exelon and PHI)
Unamortized energy contract liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative electricity contracts that
Exelon acquired as part of the PHI merger . The initial amount recorded represents the difference between the fair value of the
contracts at the time of acquisition and the contract value based on the terms of each contract. Offsetting regulatory assets were
also recorded for those  energy contract costs that are probable of recovery through custom er rates. The unamortized energy
contract liabilities and the corresponding regulat ory assets, respectively , are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the
expected realization of the underlying cash flows. Amortization of the unamortized energy contract liabilities are recorded through
purchased power and fuel expense. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 12 — Intangib le Assets of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Depreciable Lives of Property, Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
The Registrants have significant investments in electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. These assets are
generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, or composite methods of depreciation. The group approach is
typically for groups of similar assets that have  approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for
heterogeneous assets that have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life
of the assets in the group. The estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation
studies of historical asse t retirement experience. Depreciation studies are conducted periodically and as required by a rate regulator
or regulatory action, or changes in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary .
Depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs.
Generally , the Registrants adjust their depreciati on rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation
rates reflected in custom er rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align with management’ s judgment
as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. Depreciat ion expense and customer rates for
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE include an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and removing plant from service upon
retirement. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information
regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE related to removal costs.
PECO’ s removal costs are capitalized to accumu lated depreciation when incurred and recorded to depreciation expense over the life
of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method. Estimates for such removal costs are also
evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
Changes in estimated useful lives of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution asset s could have a significant impact on
the Registrants’  future results of operations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property , plant, and equipment of the
Registrants.
Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for substantially all current employees. The measurement of the
plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and
inputs and accounting policy elections. When developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well
as future expectations. The measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several  assumptions including the discount
rate, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increa se of health care costs, Exelon's
contributions, the rate of
50
Table of Contents
compensation increases, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. The
assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations.
Pension and OPEB plan assets include equity securities, including U.S. and international securi ties, and fixed income securities, as
well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity , and hedge funds.
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets. In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including
inflation and GDP  growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance,
weighted by Exelon’ s target asset class allocations. Exelon calculates the amount of expected  return on pension and OPEB plan
assets by multiplying the EROA  by the MRV of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated
contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. In determining MRV, the authoritative guidance for pensions and
postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic
and rational manner over not more than five years. For the majority of pension plan assets, Exelon uses a calculated value that
adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected MRV of plan assets. Use of this calculated value approach
enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. For OPEB plan
assets and certain pension plan assets, Exelon uses fair value to calculate the MR V.
Discount Rate. The discoun t rates are determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of
high-quality non-callable  (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and OPEB
obligations. The spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and OPEB
plans. The discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. Exelon utilizes an analytical tool
developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
Mortality . The mortalit y assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . Exelon’ s mortality
assumption utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2021 improvement scale adjusted to use Proxy SSA ultimate
improvement rates.
Sensitivity to Changes in Key Assumptions . The following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial
assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
Actual Assumption
Actuarial Assumption Pension OPEBChange in
Assumption Pension OPEB Total
Change in 2022 cost:
Discount rate 3.24% 3.20% 0.5% $ (16) $ (2) $ (18)
3.24% 3.20% (0.5)% 31 7 38 
EROA 7.00% 6.44% 0.5% (54) (7) (61)
7.00% 6.44% (0.5)% 54 7 61 
Change in benefit obligation at
December 31, 2022:
Discount rate 5.53% 5.51% 0.5% (508) (83) (591)
5.53% 5.51% (0.5)% 655 104 759 
__________
(a)In general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and OPEB cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. Therefore,
the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. Additionally,
Exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. The sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting
impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
See Note 1 — Significan t Accounting Policies and Note 14 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans.(a)
(a)
51
Table of Contents
Regulatory Accounting (All Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, the Registrants reflect the effects of cost-bas ed rate regulation in their financial
statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or products; and (3) a
reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. Regulatory assets
represent incurred costs that have been deferred  because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates.
Regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to
customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. If it is
concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria  discussed above, the Registrants
would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact, which could be material, would be
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The followin g table illustrates gains (losses) to be included in net income that could result from the elimination of regulatory assets
and liabilities  and charges against OCI related to deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and OPEB plans that are recorded
as regulatory assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets (before taxes) as of December 31, 2022:
(In millions) Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Gain (loss) $ 2,461 $ 3,697 $ (387) $ 159 $ (978) $ (211) $ 142 $ (442)
Charge against OCI (2,590) — — — — — — — 
___________
(a)Exelon's charge against OCI (before taxes) consists of up to $1.9 billion, $347 million, $492 million, $279 million, $113 million, and $59 million
related to ComEd's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and
OPEB plans. Exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $115 million (before taxes) related to PECO’s portion of the deferred costs associated
with Exelon’s OPEB plans that would result in an increase in OCI if reversed.
See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information regarding
regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities of the Registrants.
For each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, the Registrants assess whether  the regulatory assets and liabilities
continue to meet the criteria for probable future  recovery or refund at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur .
This assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each Registrant's
jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. If the assessments and estimates
made by the Registrants  for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the
impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
Refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with
ICC-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for ComEd, and FERC transmission formula rate tariffs for the
Utility Registrants.
Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk and interest rate risk related to ongoing business
operations. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
Determining whether a contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including
assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlying and one or more notional
quantities.
All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected
under , NPNS . For derivatives that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value each period are initially
recorded in AOCI and recognized in earnings when the hedged transaction(a)
52
Table of Contents
affects earni ngs. For derivatives intended to serve as economic hedges, which are not designate d for hedge accounting, changes in
fair value each period are recognized in earning s on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income or are
recorded as a regulatory asset or liability when there is an ability to recover or return the associated costs or benefits in accordance
with regulatory requirements.
NPNS. Contracts that are designated as NPNS are not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of
accounting. Determining whether a contract qualifies for NPNS requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and
requires that manageme nt ensure compliance with all the associated qualification and documentation requirements. For all NPNS
derivative instruments, accounts payable is recorded when derivatives settle and expense is recognized in earnings as the
underlying physical commodity is consumed. Contracts that qualify for NPNS are those for which physical delivery is probable,
quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period, and the contract is not
financially settled on a net basis. The contracts that ComEd has entered into with suppliers as part of ComEd’ s energy procurement
process, PECO’s full requirement contracts under the PAPUC-approved DSP program, most of PECO’ s natural gas supply
agreements, all of BGE’ s full requirement contrac ts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives, and certain Pepco, DPL,
and ACE full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under NPNS.
Commodity Contracts. The Registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, interest rates, and
the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows in deciding whether to enter derivative transactions, and in
determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. The Registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair
value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
Derivative contracts can be traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are
valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy . Certain
derivative pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter , online exchanges. For
derivatives that trade in liquid markets, the model inputs are generally observable. Such instrum ents are categorized in Level 2. For
derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs gene rally would include both observable
and unobservable inputs and are categorized in Level 3.
The Registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivativ e contracts, and both historical and
current market data in the assessment of nonperformance risk. The impacts of nonperform ance and credit risk to date have
generally not been material to the Registrants’  financial statements.
Interest Rate Derivativ e Instruments. Exelon Corp orate utilize s interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on existing and
planned future debt issuances as well as potential fluctuations in Electric operating revenues at the corporate level in consolidation,
which are directly correlated to yields on U.S. Treasury bonds under ComEd's distribution formula  rate. The fair value of the swaps is
calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on the terms and conditions of the agreements and
the forward interest rate curves. As these inputs are based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest rate
derivatives are primarily categorized in Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK and Note 17 — Fair Value of Financial
Assets and Liabilities and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the Registrants’  derivative instruments.
Income Taxes (All Registrants)
Significant management judgment is required in determining the Registrants’  provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the
uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. The Registrants
account for uncertain income tax positions using  a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-
not recogniti on threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax bene fit that is greater than 50% likely of
being realize d upon ultimate settlement. Manag ement evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and
circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant
information. Significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has
53
Table of Contents
been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants evaluate quarterly the probabili ty of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income
and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary , to realize deferred tax assets. The Registrants also
assess negative evidence, such as the expirat ion of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the
Registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. Based on the combined assessment, the Registrants record valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
Actual incom e taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various  items, including future changes in
income tax laws, the Registrants’  forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax
planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. See Note 13 — Income
Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies (All Registrants)
In the preparation of their financial statements, the Registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events
and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information.
The amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. Such difference could have a
significant impact in the Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
Environmental Costs. Environmental investigat ion and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number
of sites for which the Registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs
that will be shared with other parties, the timing  of the remediation work, regulations, and the requirements of local governmental
authorities. Annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL to determine future remediation
requirements for MGP  sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly . In addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the
Registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. These matters, if resolv ed in a manner different from the
estimate, could have a significant impact in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements. See Note 18 — Commitments and
Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other , Inclu ding Perso nal Injury Claims.  The Registrants are self-insured for general liability , automotive liability , workers’
compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance
maintained. The Registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted, and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported
(IBNR). The IBNR reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually . Future events, such
as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties
surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than
estimated. Accordingly , these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact to the
Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
Revenues (All Registrants)
Sources of Revenue and Determination of Accounting Treatment. The Registrants earn revenues from the sale and delivery of
power and natural gas in regulated markets. The accounting treatment for revenue recognit ion is based on the nature of the
underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. The Registrants primarily apply  the Revenue from Contracts with
Customers, and Alternative Revenue Program accounting guidance to recognize revenues as discussed in more detail below .
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The Registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations
within contra cts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power and natural gas are physically delivered to the
customer . Transactions of the Registrants within the scope of Revenue from Contracts with Customers generally include sales to
utility customers under regulated service tarif fs.
54
Table of Contents
The determination of the Registrants' power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of
customer meters, generally monthly . At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last
meter reading are estimated, and corresponding  unbilled revenue is recorded. The measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by
the following  factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of
energy durin g delivery to customers and applica ble customer rates. Increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the Registrant’ s
customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be
significant to the calculat ion of unbilled revenue. In addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use
an alternative supplier , since unbilled commodit y revenues are not recorded for these customers. Changes in the timing of meter
reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of
unbilled revenue; however , total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Alternative Revenue Program Accounting. Certain of the Registrants’  ratemaking mechanisms qualify as ARPs if they (i) are
established by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above those
amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery , and (iii) allow for
the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized. For
mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the Registrants’  formula rate mechanisms and revenue decoupling mechanisms,
the Registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing additional
billing or refund has occurred. The ARP revenues presented in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income  include both: (i) the recognition of “originating” ARP revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or
event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the “originating” ARP revenues
as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized as Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , distributed generation rebates, and
transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that ComEd believes are probable of approval by the ICC and
FERC in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP revenue for their best estimate of
the electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of
approval by the MDPSC, DCPSC, and/or NJBPU in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in
rates that they believe are probable of approval by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. Estimates of the current
year revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of
return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. The estimated reconciliation
can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed ROE, and actions by regulators or
courts.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Customer Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
The Registrants estimate the allowance for credit losses on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for
each company based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors to the outstanding receivable
balance by customer risk segment. Risk segments represent a group of customers with similar forward-looking credit quality
indicators and risk factors that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment
history and represent expected, future customer behavior . Loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a
historical average of charge-of fs as a percentag e of accounts receivable in each risk segment. The Registrants' customer accounts
are generally  considered  delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a
monthly basis. The Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. The
Registrants' allowances for credit losses will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices, and economic conditions as well
as changes in ICC, P APUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DEPSC, and NJBPU regulations.
55
Table of Contents
ComEd
Results of Operations by Registrant
Results of Operations—ComEd
2022 2021(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 5,761 $ 6,406 $ (645)
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,109 2,271 1,162 
Operating and maintenance 1,412 1,355 (57)
Depreciation and amortization 1,323 1,205 (118)
Taxes other than income taxes 374 320 (54)
Total operating expenses 4,218 5,151 933 
Gain on sales of assets (2) — (2)
Operating income 1,541 1,255 286 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (414) (389) (25)
Other , net 54 48 6 
Total other income and (deductions) (360) (341) (19)
Income before income taxes 1,181 914 267 
Income taxes 264 172 (92)
Net income $ 917 $ 742 $ 175 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 . Net income  increased by $175 million primarily
due to increases in electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate earnings (reflectin g higher allowed ROE due to an
increase in U.S. Treasury rates and the impacts of higher rate base).
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Distribution $ 310 
Transmission 65 
Energy ef ficiency 65 
Other 12
452 
Regulatory required programs (1,097)
Total decrease $ (645)
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electrici ty is affected by weather and customer usage. Operating revenues are not impacted
by abnormal weather , usage per customer , or number of customers as a result of revenue decoupling mechanisms implemented
pursuant to FEJA.
Distribution Revenue. EIMA  and FEJA  provide for a performance-based  formula rate, which requires an annual reconcil iation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm
restoration), investment s being recovered, and allowed ROE. Electric distribution revenue increased during the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, due to higher allowed ROE due to an increase in U.S. Treasury rates,
the impact of a higher rate base, and higher fully recoverable costs.
56
Table of Contents
ComEd
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs, capital investments being recov ered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in
2021, primarily due to the impact of a higher rate base and higher fully recoverable costs.
Energy Efficiency Revenue.  FEJA  provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Under FEJA, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being
recovered, and allowed ROE. Energy efficiency revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the
same period  in 2021, primarily due to higher allowed ROE due to an increase in U.S. Treasur y rates, the impact of a higher rate
base, and increased regulatory asset amortization, which is fully recoverable.
Other Revenue primarily includes assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs. Other revenue
increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, which primarily reflects mutual assistance
revenues associated with storm restoration ef forts.
Regulatory Required Programs  repre sents revenues collected under approve d riders to recover costs incurred for regulator y
programs such as recov eries under the credit loss expense tariff, environmental costs associate d with MGP  sites, ETAC, and costs
related to electricity , ZEC, CMC, and REC procurement. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding CMCs. ETAC is a retail customer surcharge collected by electric utilities
operating in Illinois established by CEJA  and remitted to an Illinois state agency for programs to support clean energy jobs and
training. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery . The costs of these programs are included in Purchased
power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than income.
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries as ComEd remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate
for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation from
competitive suppliers, ComEd either acts as the billing agent or the competitive supplier separately bills its own customers, and
therefore does not record Operating revenues or Purchased power expense related to the elect ricity. For customers that choose to
purchase electric generation from ComEd, ComEd is permitted to recover the electricity , ZEC, CMC, and REC procurement costs
without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased power expense related
to the electricity , ZECs, CMCs, and RECs.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Stateme nts for the presentation of ComEd's
revenue disaggregation.
The decreas e of $1,162 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, in Purchased power
expense  is primarily due to the CMCs from the particip ating nuclear-powered generating facilities. This favorability is offset by a
decrease in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs. See Note 3 - Regulator y Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding CMCs.
57
Table of Contents
ComEd
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials $ 57 
Storm-related costs 13 
BSC Costs 13 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (30)
Other 5 
58 
Regulatory required programs (1)
Total increase $ 57 
__________
(a)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in
rates annually through a rider mechanism.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase
Depreciation and amortization $ 63 
Regulatory asset amortization 55 
Total increase $ 118 
__________
(a)Reflects ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)Includes amortization of ComEd's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
Taxes other than incom e taxes  increased by $54 million for the year December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021,
primarily due to taxes related to ET AC, which is recovered through Operating revenues.
Interest expense, net increased $25 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily
due to the issuance of debt in 2021 and 2022.
Effective income tax rates were 22.4%  and 18.8% for the years ended December 31, 2022  and  2021, respectively . See Note 13 —
Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of
the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
(b)
58
Table of Contents
PECO
Results of Operations—PECO
2022 2021Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 3,903 $ 3,198 $ 705 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 1,535 1,081 (454)
Operating and maintenance 992 934 (58)
Depreciation and amortization 373 348 (25)
Taxes other than income taxes 202 184 (18)
Total operating expenses 3,102 2,547 (555)
Operating income 801 651 150 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (177) (161) (16)
Other , net 31 26 5 
Total other income and (deductions) (146) (135) (11)
Income before income taxes 655 516 139 
Income taxes 79 12 (67)
Net income $ 576 $ 504 $ 72 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021.  Net income  increased by $72 million, primarily
due to increases in electric and gas distributio n rates and a decrease in storm costs, partially offset by the one-time non-cash
impacts associated with the Pennsylvania corporate income tax legislation passed in July 2022, and increases in depreciation
expense, credit loss expense, and interest expense.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Electric Gas Total
Weather $ 32 $ 10 $ 42 
Volume (21) 8 (13)
Pricing 138 25 163 
Transmission 15 — 15 
Other 15 6 21 
179 49 228 
Regulatory required programs 327 150 477 
Total increase $ 506 $ 199 $ 705 
Weather . The demand for electric ity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric business, very
warm weath er in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months
are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and
natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in
2021, Opera ting revenu es related to weather increased due to the impact of favorable weather conditions in PECO's service
territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based  on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in
PECO’ s service territor y. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in PECO’ s service territory for the years ended
December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 and normal weather consisted of the following:
59
Table of Contents
PECO
 For the Years Ended December 31,  % Change
PECO Service Territory 2022 2021 Normal 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,135 3,946 4,408 4.8 % (6.2)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,743 1,586 1,443 9.9 % 20.8 %
Volume.  Electric volume, exclusi ve of the effects of weath er, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in
2021, decrea sed due to unfavorable load change. Natural gas volume for the year ended Decem ber 31, 2022 compared to the same
period in 2021, increased due to favorable load change.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2022 2021 % ChangeWeather - Normal %
Change
Residential 14,379 14,262 0.8 % (1.8)%
Small commercial & industrial 7,701 7,597 1.4 % 0.4 %
Large commercial & industrial 14,046 14,003 0.3 % — %
Public authorities & electric railroads 638 559 14.1 % 14.1 %
Total electric retail deliveries 36,764 36,421 0.9 % (0.4)%
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2022 2021
Residential 1,525,635 1,517,806 
Small commercial & industrial 155,576 155,308 
Large commercial & industrial 3,121 3,107 
Public authorities & electric railroads 10,393 10,306 
Total 1,694,725 1,686,527 
Natural Gas Deliveries to customers (in mmcf) 2022 2021 % ChangeWeather - Normal %
Change
Residential 42,135 39,580 6.5 % 3.0 %
Small commercial & industrial 23,449 21,361 9.8 % 6.0 %
Large commercial & industrial 31 34 (8.8)% 12.3 %
Transportation 25,011 25,081 (0.3)% (1.8)%
Total natural gas deliveries 90,626 86,056 5.3 % 2.4 %
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2022 2021
Residential 502,944 497,873 
Small commercial & industrial 44,957 44,815 
Large commercial & industrial 9 6 
Transportation 655 670 
Total 548,565 543,364 
Pricing for the year ended Dece mber 31, 2022 compare d to the same period in 2021 increased primarily due to increases in electric
and gas distribution rates charged to customers.(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
60
Table of Contents
PECO
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered.
Other Revenue primarily includes revenue related to late payment charges. Other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to the same period in 2021, increased primarily due to revenue related to late payment charges.
Regulatory Required Programs  repre sents revenues collected under approve d riders to recover costs incurred for regulator y
programs such as energ y efficiency , PGC, and the GSA. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as
a return. The costs of these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel expense, Operating and maintenance expense,
Depreciation and amortization expense, and Income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from
competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as
PECO rema ins the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is
recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive
suppliers, PECO either acts as the billing agent or the competitive supplier separately bills its own customers and therefore PECO
does not record Opera ting revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For
customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from PECO, PECO is permitted to recover the electricity ,
natural gas, and REC procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in Operating revenues
and Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity , natural gas, and RECs.
See Note 5 — Segment  Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Stateme nts for the presentation of PECO's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase  of $454 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, in Purchased power
and fuel expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
 (Decrease) Increase
Storm-related costs $ (34)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (9)
Credit loss expense 6 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 20 
BSC costs 29 
Other 30 
42 
Regulatory Required Programs 16 
Total increase $ 58 
__________
(a) Primarily reflects an increase in charitable contributions.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
 Increase
Depreciation and amortization $ 24 
Regulatory asset amortization 1 
Total increase $ 25 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.(a)
(a)
61
Table of Contents
PECO
Taxes other  than income taxes increased by $18 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in
2021, prima rily due to higher Pennsylvania gross receipts tax, which is offset in Operatin g revenues, and offset by lower
Pennsylvania use tax.
Interest expense, net increased $16 million for the year ended Decemb er 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily
due to the issuance of debt in 2021 and 2022 and increases in interest rates.
Effective income tax rates  were 12.1% and 2.3% for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . The change in
effective tax rate is primarily related to the one-time non-cash impacts associated with the Pennsylvania corporate income tax
legislation passed in July 2022. See Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.
62
Table of Contents
BGE
Results of Operations—BGE
2022 2021Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 3,895 $ 3,341 $ 554 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 1,567 1,175 (392)
Operating and maintenance 877 811 (66)
Depreciation and amortization 630 591 (39)
Taxes other than income taxes 302 283 (19)
Total operating expenses 3,376 2,860 (516)
Operating income 519 481 38 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (152) (138) (14)
Other , net 21 30 (9)
Total other income and (deductions) (131) (108) (23)
Income before income taxes 388 373 15 
Income taxes 8 (35) (43)
Net income $ 380 $ 408 $ (28)
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021.  Net income  decreased $28 million primarily due
to an asset impairment in 2022 and an increase in depreciation expense, credit loss expense, and interest expense, partially offset
by favorable  impacts of the multi-year plans and a decrease in storm costs. See Note 11 — Asset Impairments for additional
information on the asset impairment.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase
Electric Gas Total
Distribution $ 70 $ 27 $ 97 
Transmission 14 — 14 
Other 10 10 20 
94 37 131 
Regulatory required programs 272 151 423 
Total increase $ 366 $ 188 $ 554 
63
Table of Contents
BGE
Revenue Decoupling. The demand  for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating
revenues are not impacted by abnormal weathe r or usage per customer as a result of a monthly rate adjustment that provides for
fixed distribu tion revenu e per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or
usage per customer , they are impacted by chang es in the number of customers. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on revenue decoupling for BGE.
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2022 2021
Residential 1,204,429 1,195,929 
Small commercial & industrial 115,524 115,049 
Large commercial & industrial 12,839 12,637 
Public authorities & electric railroads 266 268 
Total 1,333,058 1,323,883 
As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2022 2021
Residential 655,373 651,589 
Small commercial & industrial 38,207 38,300 
Large commercial & industrial 6,233 6,179 
Total 699,813 696,068 
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, due to favorable
impacts of the multi-year plans.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in underlying costs and capital investments.
Other Revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance, off-system sales, and service application
fees. Other revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to an
increase in late fees charged to customers.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as conservation, demand respon se, STRIDE, and the POLR mechanism. The riders are designed to provide full and
current cost recovery , as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel
expense, Operating and maintenance expense , Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes.
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as BGE remains the distributio n service provider for all customers
and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to
purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, BGE acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record
Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natura l gas. For customers that choose to
purchase electric genera tion or natural gas from BGE, BGE is permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs
from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and/or natural gas in Operating revenues and Purchased
power and fuel expense. BGE recovers electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of BGE's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase  of $392 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 in Purchased power and
fuel expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
64
Table of Contents
BGE
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Asset impairment $ 48 
BSC costs 14 
Credit loss expense 7 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 4 
Storm-related costs (11)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (12)
Other 12 
62 
Regulatory required programs 4 
Total increase $ 66 
__________
(a)See Note 11 — Asset Impairments for additional information on the asset impairment.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase
Depreciation and amortization $ 35 
Regulatory required programs 3 
Regulatory asset amortization 1 
Total increase $ 39 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other than incom e taxes increased by $19 million  for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in
2021, primarily due to increased property taxes.
Interest expense, net increased $14 million for the year ended Decem ber 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, due to
the issuance of debt in 2021 and 2022 and increases in interest rates.
Effective income tax rates were 2.1% and (9.4)% for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . The change is
primarily due to decreases in the multi-year plans' accelerated income tax benefits in 2022 compared to 2021. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on both the three-year
electric and natural gas distribution multi-year plans and Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
65
Table of Contents
PHI
Results of Operations—PHI
PHI’s Results of Operations include the results of its three reportable segments, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. PHI also has a business
services subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the
applicable subsidiaries. Additionally , the results of PHI's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities.
All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The following table sets forth PHI's
GAAP  consolidated Net income, by Registrant, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. See
the Results of Operations for Pepco, DPL, and ACE for additional information.
2022 2021Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
PHI $ 608 $ 561 $ 47 
Pepco 305 296 9 
DPL 169 128 41 
ACE 148 146 2 
Other (14) (9) (5)
__________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, PHI's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021. Net income  increased by $47 million primarily
due to favorable impacts  as a result of Pepco's Maryland and District of Columbia multi-year plans, higher distribution rates at DPL
and ACE, and the absence of the recognition of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset due to a change in Delaware tax
law in 2021 at DPL, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense, interest expense, credit loss expense and storm costs at
Pepco and DPL.(a)
66
Table of Contents
Pepco
Results of Operations—Pepco
2022 2021Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 2,531 $ 2,274 $ 257 
Operating expenses
    Purchased power 834 624 (210)
Operating and maintenance 507 471 (36)
Depreciation and amortization 417 403 (14)
Taxes other than income taxes 382 373 (9)
Total operating expenses 2,140 1,871 (269)
Operating income 391 403 (12)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (150) (140) (10)
Other , net 55 48 7 
Total other income and (deductions) (95) (92) (3)
Income before income taxes 296 311 (15)
Income taxes (9) 15 24 
Net income $ 305 $ 296 $ 9 
Year Ended  December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021.  Net income  increased by $9 million primarily due
to favorable impacts of the Maryland and District of Columbia multi-year plans, partially offset by an increase in credit loss expense,
depreciation expense, interest expense and storm costs.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Distribution $ 44 
Transmission 1 
Other (3)
42 
Regulatory required programs 215 
Total increase $ 257 
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in both Maryland and the District of Columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a
result of a BSA that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not
impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on revenue decoupling
for Pepco Maryland and District of Columbia.
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2022 2021
Residential 856,037 841,831 
Small commercial & industrial 54,339 54,216 
Large commercial & industrial 22,841 22,568 
Public authorities & electric railroads 197 181 
Total 933,414 918,796 
67
Table of Contents
Pepco
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to
favorable impacts of the Maryland and District of Columbia multi-year plans.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue remained relatively consistent for the year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, DC PLUG, and SOS procurement and administrative costs. The riders are designed
to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in
Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than
income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice
programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as Pepco remains the distribution service provi der for all customers and charges a
regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customer s that choose to purchase electric
generation from competitive suppliers, Pepco acts as the billing agent and therefore, Pepco does not record Operating revenues or
Purchased power expense related to the electricity . For customers that choose to purchase elect ric generation from Pepco, Pepco is
permitted to recover the electricity and REC procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the
electricity and RECs in Operating revenues and Purchased power expense. Pepco recovers electricity and REC procurement costs
from customers with a slight mark-up.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of Pepco's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase  of $210 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, in Purchased power
expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
68
Table of Contents
Pepco
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Credit loss expense $ 17 
BSC and PHISCO costs 13 
Storm-related costs 8 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (2)
Other (6)
30 
Regulatory required programs 6 
Total increase $ 36 
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 14 
Regulatory asset amortization (3)
Regulatory required programs 3 
Total increase $ 14 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other  than income taxes increased $9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021,
primarily due to an increase in property taxes and gross receipts taxes.
Interest expense, net increased $10 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily
due to the issuance of debt in 2021 and 2022 and increases in interest rates.
Other , net increased $7 million for the year ended Decemb er 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to higher
AFUDC equity .
Effective income tax rates were (3.0)%  and 4.8% for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . The change is
primarily due to the acceleration of certain income tax benefits as a result of the Maryland and District of Columbia multi-year plans.
See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
three-year electric distribution multi-year plans and Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
69
Table of Contents
DPL
Results of Operations—DPL
2022 2021Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 1,595 $ 1,380 $ 215 
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 706 539 (167)
Operating and maintenance 349 345 (4)
Depreciation and amortization 232 210 (22)
Taxes other than income taxes 72 67 (5)
Total operating expenses 1,359 1,161 (198)
Operating income 236 219 17 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (66) (61) (5)
Other , net 13 12 1 
Total other income and (deductions) (53) (49) (4)
Income before income taxes 183 170 13 
Income taxes 14 42 28 
Net income $ 169 $ 128 $ 41 
Year Ended  December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021.  Net income  increased by $41 million primarily
due to higher distributio n rates and the absence of the recognition of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset due to a
change in Delaware tax law in 2021, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense, interest expense, storm costs, and credit
loss expense.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Electric Gas Total
Weather $ — $ 3 $ 3 
Volume 2 2 4 
Distribution 23 9 32 
Transmission 6 — 6 
Other (2) — (2)
29 14 43 
Regulatory required programs 116 56 172 
Total increase $ 145 $ 70 $ 215 
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in Maryland are not impacted  by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a BSA that provides for
a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues from electric distribution customers in
Maryland are not impact ed by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
revenue decoupling for DPL  Maryland.
Weather . The demand for electricity and natural gas in Delaware is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in
winter months are referr ed to as "favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditio ns result in increased deliveries of
electricity and natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. During the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the
same period in 2021, Operating revenues related to weather increased due to favorable weather conditions in DPL's Delaware
natural gas service territory .
70
Table of Contents
DPL
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree  days for a 20-year period in DPL's
Delaware electric service territory and a 30-year  period in DPL's Delaware natural gas service territory . The changes in heating and
cooling degree days in DPL’s Delaware service territory for the year ended December 31, 2022  compared to same period in 2021
and normal weather consisted of the following:
For the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Delaware Electric Service Territory 2022 2021 Normal 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,428 4,239 4,593 4.5 % (3.6)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,382 1,380 1,272 0.1 % 8.6 %
For the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Delaware Natural Gas Service Territory 2022 2021 Normal 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,428 4,239 4,676 4.5 % (5.3)%
Volume, exclusive of the effects of weather , increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021
primarily due to customer growth and usage.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in GWhs) 2022 2021 % ChangeWeather - Normal %
Change 
Residential 3,242 3,214 0.9 % (0.1)%
Small commercial & industrial 1,443 1,452 (0.6)% (1.0)%
Large commercial & industrial 3,162 3,149 0.4 % 0.4 %
Public authorities & electric railroads 33 34 (2.9)% (4.4)%
Total electric retail deliveries7,880 7,849 0.4 % (0.1)%
As of December 31,
Number of Total Electric Customers (Maryland and Delaware) 2022 2021
Residential 481,688 476,260 
Small commercial & industrial 63,738 63,195 
Large commercial & industrial 1,235 1,218 
Public authorities & electric railroads 597 604 
Total 547,258 541,277 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from DPL and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Natural Gas Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in mmcf) 2022 2021 % ChangeWeather - Normal %
Change
Residential 8,709 7,914 10.0 % 4.2 %
Small commercial & industrial 4,176 3,747 11.4 % 7.0 %
Large commercial & industrial 1,697 1,679 1.1 % 1.1 %
Transportation 6,696 6,778 (1.2)% (2.3)%
Total natural gas deliveries 21,278 20,118 5.8 % 2.4 %(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
71
Table of Contents
DPL
As of December 31,
Number of Delaware Natural Gas Customers 2022 2021
Residential 129,502 128,121 
Small commercial & industrial 10,144 10,027 
Large commercial & industrial 17 20 
Transportation 156 158 
Total 139,819 138,326 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from DPL and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive
natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to
higher elect ric distributio n rates in Maryland that became effective in March 2022, higher DSIC rates in Delaware that became
effective in January and July 2022, and higher natural gas distribution rates in Delaware that became ef fective in August 2022.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in underlying costs.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energ y efficiency programs, DE Renewable Portfolio Standards, SOS procurement and administrative costs, and
GCR costs. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of
these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and
amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. All customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive
electric generation suppliers; however , only certain commercial and industrial customers have the choice to purchase natural gas
from compe titive natural gas suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as DPL remains the
distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating
revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, DPL either acts as
the billing agent or the competitive supplier sepa rately bills its own customers, and therefore does not record Operating revenues or
Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric
generation or natural gas from DPL, DPL is permitted to recover the electricity , natural gas, and REC procurement costs from
customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity , natural gas, and RECs in Operating revenues and Purchased
power and fuel expense.  DPL recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up, and natural gas
costs without mark-up.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of DPL's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase  of $167 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, in Purchased power
and fuel expense is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs .
72
Table of Contents
DPL
The changes in  Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Credit loss expense $ 5 
Storm-related costs 5 
BSC and PHISCO costs 5 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (13)
Other (3)
(1)
Regulatory required programs 5 
Total increase $ 4 
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 23 
Regulatory asset amortization (3)
Regulatory required programs 2 
Total increase $ 22 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other  than income taxes increased by $5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in
2021, primarily due to an increase in property taxes and gross receipts taxes.
Interest expense, net increased $5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily
due to the issuance of debt in 2021 and 2022.
Effective income tax rates were 7.7%  and  24.7% for the years ended December 31, 2022  and  2021, respectively . The decrease
for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily related to the absence of the recognition of a valuation allowance against a
deferred tax asset due to a change in Delaware tax law in 2021. See Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.(a)
73
Table of Contents
ACE
Results of Operations—ACE
2022 2021Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 1,431 $ 1,388 $ 43 
Operating expenses
Purchased power 624 694 70 
Operating and maintenance 331 320 (11)
Depreciation and amortization 261 179 (82)
Taxes other than income taxes 9 8 (1)
Total operating expenses 1,225 1,201 (24)
Operating income 206 187 19 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (66) (58) (8)
Other , net 11 4 7 
Total other income and (deductions) (55) (54) (1)
Income before income taxes 151 133 18 
Income taxes 3 (13) (16)
Net income $ 148 $ 146 $ 2 
Year Ended  December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 . Net income  increased $2 million primarily due to
increases in distribution rates, partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense, the absenc e of favorable weather and volume
as a result of the CIP , and an increase in interest expense.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
(Decrease) Increase
Weather $ (3)
Volume (11)
Distribution 48 
Transmission 9 
Other (1)
42 
Regulatory required programs 1 
Total increase $ 43 
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in New Jersey are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of the CIP which
became effective, prospectively , in the third quarter of 2021. The CIP compares current distribution revenues by customer class to
approved target revenue s established in ACE’ s most recent distribution base rate case. The CIP is calculated annually , and recovery
is subject to certain conditions, including an earnings test and ceilings on customer rate increases. While Operating revenues are not
impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the ACE CIP .
Weather . Prior to the third quarter of 2021, the demand for electricity was affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer mont hs and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather
conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity . Conversely , mild weather reduces demand.
During the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, Operating revenues related to weather decreased
due to the absence of favorable impacts in the first and second quarter of 2022 as a result of the CIP .
74
Table of Contents
ACE
Heating and cooling degree days  are quantita tive indices  that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ACE’ s
service territory . The change s in heating and cooling degree days in ACE’ s service territory for the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to same period in 2021 and normal weather consisted of the following:
For the Years Ended December 31,
Normal% Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,629 4,256 4,589 8.8 % 0.9 %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,243 1,284 1,210 (3.2)% 2.7 %
Volume,  exclusive of the effects of weather , decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compa red to the same period in
2021, primarily due to the absence of favorable impacts in the first and second quarter of 2022 as a result of the CIP .
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2022 2021 % ChangeWeather - Normal %
Change
Residential 4,131 4,220 (2.1)% (2.4)%
Small commercial & industrial 1,499 1,409 6.4 % 6.2 %
Large commercial & industrial 3,103 3,146 (1.4)% (1.5)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 46 2.2 % 1.8 %
Total electric retail deliveries 8,780 8,821 (0.5)% (0.7)%
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2022 2021
Residential 502,247 499,628 
Small commercial & industrial 62,246 61,900 
Large commercial & industrial 3,051 3,156 
Public authorities & electric railroads 734 717 
Total 568,278 565,401 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from ACE and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to higher
distribution rates that became ef fective in January 2022.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in capital investment and underlying costs.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, service connection fees, and mutual assistance revenues.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, Societal Benefits Charge, Transition Bonds, and BGS procurement and
administrative costs. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The
costs of these programs are included in Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and
amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive
electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliverie s, as ACE remains the distribution
service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For
customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, ACE acts as the(b)
(a)
75
Table of Contents
ACE
billing agent  and therefore, ACE does not record Operating revenues or Purchased power expense related to the electricity . For
customers that choose to purchase electric generation from ACE, ACE is permitted to recover the electricity , ZEC, and REC
procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased
power expense related to the electricity , ZECs, and RECs.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statem ents for the presentation of ACE's
revenue disaggregation.
The decrease of $70 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to same period in 2021, in Purchased power
expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs .
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
(Decrease) Increase
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials $ (5)
Storm-related costs 1 
BSC and PHISCO costs 1 
Other 9 
6 
Regulatory required programs 5 
Total increase $ 11 
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates
annually through the Societal Benefits Charge.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
2022 vs. 2021
Increase
Depreciation and amortization $ 18 
Regulatory asset amortization 2 
Regulatory required programs 62 
Total increase $ 82 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)Regulatory required programs increased primarily due to the regulatory asset amortization of the PPA termination obligation which is fully offset
in Operating revenues.
Interest expense, net increased $8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily
due to the issuance of debt in 2021 and 2022.
Other , net increased $7 million for the year ended Decemb er 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to higher
AFUDC equity .
Effective income tax rates were 2.0% and (9.8)% for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . The change is
primarily related to the absence of impacts of the July 14, 2021 settlement, which allowed ACE to retain certain tax benefits in 2021.
See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information regarding
the July 14, 2021 settlem ent agreement and Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
(b)
76
Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
All results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a GAAP  basis.
The Registrants’  operating and capital expenditu res requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations,
as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. The Registrants’  businesses are capital
intensive and require considerable capital resources. Each of the Registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend
practices, and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital
requirements, including construction expenditu res, retire debt, pay dividends, and fund pension and OPEB obligations. The
Registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction proje cts that have a long-term return on
investment. Additionally , the Utility Registrants operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment
recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. Each Registrant’ s access
to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions,
including that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the Registrants no longer have access
to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the Registrants have access to credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of
$4.0 billion, as of December 31, 2022. The Registrants utilize their credit facilities to support  their commercial paper programs,
provide for other short-term borrowings, and to issue letters of credit. See the “Credit Matters and Cash Requirements” section
below for additional information. The Registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs, and
capital expe nditure requirements. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combin ed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on the Registrants’  debt and credit agreements.
Cash flows related to Generation have not been presented as discontinued operations and are included in the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented. The Exelon Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022 includes one month of cash  flows from Generation. The Exelon Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the
year ended December 31, 2021 includes twelve months of cash flows from Generation. This is the primary reason for the changes in
cash flows as shown in the tables unless otherwise noted below .
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
The Utility Registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in
the case of PECO, BGE, and DPL, gas distribution services. The Utility Registrants' distrib ution services are provided to an
established and diverse base of retail customers. The Utility Registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy , weather
conditions, future legisla tive initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, and their ability to
achieve operating cost reductions. Additionally , ComEd is required to purchase CMCs from partic ipating nuclear-powered generating
facilities for a five-year period, and all of its costs of doing so will be recovered through a new rider. The price to be paid for each
CMC is established through a competitive bidding process. ComEd will provide net payments  to, or collect net payments from,
customers for the difference between customer credits issued and the credit to be received from the participating nuclear-powered
generating facilities. ComEd’ s cash flows are affected by the establishment of CMC prices and the timing of recovering costs through
the CMC regulatory asset.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
77
Table of Contents
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from operating activities for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 by Registrant:
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from operating activities Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net income $ 342 $ 175 $ 72 $ (28)$ 47 $ 9 $ 41 $ 2 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash:
Non-cash operating activities (2,382) (176) 124 173 259 93 25 141 
Option premiums paid, net 299 — — — — — — — 
Collateral received (posted), net 1,322 51 — 16 99 22 35 42 
Income taxes (331) — (25) (37) (18) (30) (13) 11 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions 49 12 — 13 (30) — — (4)
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (692) (645) (24) (8) (37) 12 9 (43)
Changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and
liabilities 3,251 185 (79) (98) (227) (97) (64) (60)
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from operating activities $1,858 $ (398)$ 68 $ 31 $ 93 $ 9 $ 33 $ 89 
Changes in the Registrants' cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each Registrant’ s respective
results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of busines s, except as discussed below . See
above for additional information related to cash  flows from Generation. Significant operating cash flow impacts for the Registrants
and Generation for 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
•See Note 22 —Supplemental Financial Informat ion of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and
the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information on non-cash operating activities .
•Changes in collateral  depended upon whether Generation was in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, and
collateral may have been required to be poste d with or collected from its counterparties. In addition, the collateral
posting and collection requirements differed depending on whether the transactions were on an exchange or in the
over-the-counter markets. Changes in collateral for the Utility Registrants are dependent upon the credit exposure of
procurement contracts that may require suppli ers to post collateral. The amount of cash collateral received from
external counterparties increased due to rising energy prices. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments for
additional information.
•See Note 13 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the Registrants'
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information on income taxes.
•Changes in regulatory assets and liabilities, net, are due to the timing of cash payments for costs recoverable, or
cash receipts for costs recovered, under our regulatory mechanisms differs from the recovery period of those costs.
Included within the changes is energy efficiency spend for ComEd of $394 million and $343 millio n for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . Also included within the changes is energy efficiency and demand
response programs spend for BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE of $113 million, $71 million, $28 million, and $11 million for
the year ended Decemb er 31, 2022, respectively , and $107 million, $72 million, $29 million, and $4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, respectively . PECO had no energy efficiency and demand response programs spend
recorded to a regulatory asset for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•Changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities  for the Utility Registrants and Exelon
Corporate total $(304) million and for Generation total $3,555 million. The change for Generation primarily relates to
the revolving  accounts receivable financing arrangement. See the Collection of DPP discussion below for additional
information. The change in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities for Exelon Corporate and the
Utility Registrants is dependent upon the normal course of operations for all Registrants. For ComEd, it is also
78
Table of Contents
dependent upon whether the participating nuclear-powered generating facilities owe money to ComEd as a result of
the established pricing for CMCs. In 2022, the established pricing resulted in a receivable from nuclear-powered
generating facilities, which is reported within the cash flows from operations as a change in accounts receivable. In
future period s the established pricing could result in ComEd owing payments to nuclear-powered generating facilities,
which would be reported within cash flows from operations as a change in accounts payable and accrued expenses.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 by Registrant:
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from investing activities Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Capital expenditures $ 834 $ (119)$ (109)$ (36)$ 11 $ (31)$ (1)$ 47 
Investment in NDT fund sales, net 113 — — — — — — — 
Collection of DPP (3,733) — — — — — — — 
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses (861) — — — — — — — 
Other investing activities (26) 2 (1) (7) 4 4 (1) — 
(Decrease) increase in cash flows from investing activities $(3,673)$ (117)$ (110)$ (43)$ 15 $ (27)$ (2)$ 47 
Significant investing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
•Variances in capital expenditures  are primarily due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. See the
"Credit Matters and Cash Requirements" section below for additional information on projected capital expenditure
spending for the Utility Registrants. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for capital expenditures related to Generation prior to the separation.
•Collection of DPP relates to Generation's revolving accounts receivable financing agreement which Generation entered
into in April 2020. Generation received $400 million of additional funding related to the DPP in February and March of
2021.
•Proceeds from sales of assets and busine sses  decreased primarily due to the sale of a significant portion of
Generation's solar business and a biomass facility in 2021.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
The following table provi des a summary of the change in cash flows from financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 by Registrant:
(Decrease) increase in cash flows from financing activities Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Changes in short-term borrowings, net $ (513)$ 900 $ 239 $ 148 $(154)$ (16)$(37)$(101)
Long-term debt, net 2,395 (50) (25) (50) 50 40 — 10 
Changes in intercompany money pool — — 40 — 51 — — — 
Issuance of common stock 563 — — — — — — — 
Dividends paid on common stock 163 (71) (60) (8) — (195) 4 143 
Acquisition of noncontrolling interest 885 — — — — — — — 
Distributions to member — — — — (47) — — — 
Contributions from parent/member — (121) (140) 29 104 221 27 (144)
Transfer of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents to
Constellation (2,594) — — — — — — — 
Other financing activities (66) 5 (6) (5) (5) (4) — — 
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from financing activities $ 833 $ 663 $ 48 $ 114 $ (1)$ 46 $ (6)$(92)
79
Table of Contents
Significant financing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
•Changes in short-term borrowings, net, are driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 365
days. Refer to Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on short-term borrowings for the Registrants. These changes also includ ed repayments of $552
million in commercial paper and term loans by Generation prior to the separation.
•Long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemption s each year. Refer to the debt issuances and
redemptions tables below for additional information for the Registrants.
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term  borrowing needs. Refer below for more information
regarding the intercompany money pool.
•Issuance of common stock  relates to the August 2022 underwritten public offering of Exelon common stock. See Note
19 — Shareholders' Equity of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•Exelon’ s ability to pay dividends  on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating
subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and
cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. See below for
quarterly dividends declared.
•Acquisition of noncontrolling interest  relates to Generation's acquisition of CENG noncontrolling interest in 2021.
•Refer to Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for the transfer of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents to
Constellation  related to the separation.
•Other finan cing activit ies primarily consists of debt issuance costs. See debt issuances table below for additional
information on the Registrants’  debt issuances.
80
Table of Contents
Debt Issuances and Redemptions
See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  long-term debt. Debt activity for 2022 and 2021 by Registrant was as follows:
During 2022, the following long-term debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon SMBC Term Loan
AgreementSOFR plus 0.65% July 21, 2023 $300 Fund a cash payment to Constellation and for
general corporate purposes.
Exelon U.S. Bank Term Loan
AgreementSOFR plus 0.65% July 21, 2023 300 Fund a cash payment to Constellation and for
general corporate purposes.
Exelon PNC Term Loan
AgreementSOFR plus 0.65% July 24, 2023 250 Fund a cash payment to Constellation and for
general corporate purposes.
Exelon Notes 2.75% March 15, 2027 650 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
Exelon Notes 3.35% March 15, 2032 650 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
Exelon Notes 4.10% March 15, 2052 700 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
Exelon Long-Term Software
License Agreements2.30% December 1,
202517 Procurement of software licenses
Exelon Long-Term Software
License Agreements3.70% August 9, 2025 8 Procurement of software licenses
Exelon SMBC Term Loan
AgreementSOFR plus 0.85% April 7, 2024 500 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1323.15% March 15, 2032 300 Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations and to fund other general corporate
purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1333.85% March 15, 2052 450 Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations and to fund other general corporate
purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds4.60% May 15, 2052 350 Refinance existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds4.375% August 15, 2052 425 Refinance outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
BGE Notes 4.55% June 1, 2052 500 Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations, repay existing indebtedness, and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.97% March 24, 2052 400 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.35% September 15,
2032225 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 3.06% February 15,
2052125 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 2.27% February 15,
203225 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 3.06% February 15,
2052150 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
__________
(a)During the third quarter of 2022, the SMBC Term Loan, U.S. Bank Term Loan, and PNC Term Loan were all reclassified to Long-term debt due
within one year on the Exelon Consolidated Balance Sheet, given that the Term Loans have maturity dates of July 21, 2023 , and July 24, 2023,
respectively.
(b)In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, Exelon entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the representatives of the initial
purchasers of the Notes and other parties. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(c)
81
Table of Contents
Exelon filed a registration statement on August 3, 2022, with respect to an offer to exchange the Notes for substantially similar notes of Exelon
that are registered under the Securities Act. An exchange offer of registered notes for the Notes was completed on January 12, 2023. The
registered notes issued in exchange for Notes in the exchange offer have terms identical in all respects to the Notes, except that their issuance
was registered under the Securities Act.
(c)On January 3, 2023, ComEd entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $400 million and $575 million at 4.90% and 5.30%
due on February 1, 2033 and February 1, 2053, respectively. The closing date of the issuance occurred on January 10, 2023.
During 2021, the following long-term debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon Long-Term Software
License Agreements3.62% December 1,
2025$4 Procurement of software licenses.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1303.13% March 15, 2051 700 Repay a portion of outstanding commercial
paper obligations and two outstanding term
loans, and to fund other general corporate
purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1312.75% September 1,
2051450 Refinance existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds3.05% March 15, 2051 375 Funding for general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds2.85% September 15,
2051375 Refinance existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 2.25% June 15, 2031 600 Repay a portion of outstanding commercial
paper obligations, repay existing
indebtedness, and to fund other general
corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 2.32% March 30, 2031 150 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.29% September 28,
2051125 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 3.24% March 30, 2051 125 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 2.30% March 15, 2031 350 Refinance existing indebtedness, repay
outstanding commercial paper obligations, and
for general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 2.27% February 15,
203275 Repay existing indebtedness and for general
corporate purposes.
During 2022, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount
Exelon Junior Subordinated Notes 3.50% May 2, 2022 $ 1,150 
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreement 3.96% May 1, 2024 2
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreement 2.30% December 1, 2025 4 
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreement 3.70% August 9, 2025 1 
PECO First Mortgage Bonds 2.375% September 15, 2022 350 
BGE Notes 2.80% August 15, 2022 250
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.05% April 1, 2022 200
Pepco Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.70% September 1, 2022 110
Additionally , in connection with the separation, on January 31, 2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from Generation of
$258 million to settle an intercompany loan that mirrored the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations. The loan
agreements were entered into as part of the 2012 Constellation merger . See Note 16
82
Table of Contents
— Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the mirror
debt.
During 2021, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount
Exelon Senior Notes 2.45% April 15, 2021 $ 300 
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreements 3.95% May 1, 2024 24
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreements 3.62% December 1, 2025 1
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds 3.40% September 1, 2021 350
PECO First Mortgage Bonds 1.70% September 15, 2021 300
BGE Senior Notes 3.50% November 15, 2021 300
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 4.35% April 1, 2021 200
ACE Tax-Exempt First Mortgage Bonds 6.80% March 1, 2021 39
ACE Transition Bonds 5.55% October 20, 2021 21
From time to time and as market conditions warrant, the Registrants may engage in long-term  debt retirements via tender offers,
open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
Dividends
Quarterly dividends declared by the Exelon Board of Directors during the year ended December  31, 2022 and for the first quarter of
2023 were as follows:
Period Declaration DateShareholder of
Record Date Dividend Payable DateCash per
Share
First Quarter 2022 February 8, 2022 February 25, 2022 March 10, 2022 $ 0.3375 
Second Quarter 2022 April 26, 2022 May 13, 2022 June 10, 2022 $ 0.3375 
Third Quarter 2022 July 26, 2022 August 15, 2022 September 9, 2022 $ 0.3375 
Fourth Quarter 2022 October 28, 2022 November 15, 2022 December 9, 2022 $ 0.3375 
First Quarter 2023 February 14, 2023 February 27, 2023 March 10, 2023 $ 0.3600 
___________
(a)Exelon's Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2023. The 2023 quarterly dividend will be $0.36 per share.
Credit Matters and Cash Requirements
The Registr ants fund liquidity needs for capital expenditures, working capital, energy hedging, and other financial commitments
through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets, and large, diversified credit
facilities. The credit facilities include $4.0 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $2.1 billion was available to support
additional commercial paper as of December 31, 2022, and of which no financial institution has more than 6% of the aggregate
commitments for the Registrants. On February 1, 2022, Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registra nts each entered into a new 5-year
revolving credit facility that replaced its existing syndicated revolving credit facility . See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The Registrants had access to the commercial
paper markets and had availability under their revolving credit facilities during 2022 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when
necessary . The Registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility
commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related
transactions, changes in hedging levels, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. The Registrants closely monitor events
in the financial markets  and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and
outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising, and merger activity . See PART I, ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for additional
information regarding the ef fects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
The Registra nts believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets, and their credit facilities provide sufficient
liquidity to support the estimated future cash requirements discussed below .(a)
83
Table of Contents
On August 4, 2022, Exelon entered into an agreement with certain underwriters in connection with an underwritten public offering of
12.995 million shares of its common stock, no par value. The net proceeds were $563 million before expenses  paid. Exelon used the
proceeds, together with available cash balances, to repay $575 million in borrowings under a $1.15 billion term loan credit facility .
See Note 19 — Shareho lders' Equity and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
On August 4, 2022, Exelon executed an equity distribution agreement (“Equity Distribution Agreement”) with certain sales agents
and forward sellers and certain forward purchasers establishing an ATM equity distribution progra m under which it may offer and sell
shares of its common stock, having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $1.0 billion. Exelon has no obligation to offer or sell any
shares of common stock  under the Equity Distribution Agreement and may at any time suspend  or terminate offers and sales under
the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of Decem ber 31, 2022, Exelon has not issued any shares of common stock under the ATM
program and has not entered into any forward sale agreements.
Pursuant to the Separation Agreement between Exelon and Constellation Energy Corporation, Exelon made a cash payment of
$1.75 billion  to Generation on January 31, 2022 . See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on the separation.
The following table presents the incremental collateral that each Utility Registrant would have been required to provide in the event
each Utility Registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at December 31, 2022 and availabl e credit facility capacity prior to any
incremental collateral at December 31, 2022:
PJM Credit Policy
CollateralOther Incremental
Collateral RequiredAvailable Credit Facility Capacity
Prior to Any Incremental
Collateral
ComEd $ 31 $ — $ 568 
PECO 1 71 361 
BGE 3 119 191 
Pepco 5 — 1 
DPL 6 15 185 
ACE 2 — 300 
__________
(a)Represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
Capital Expenditures
As of December 31, 2022, estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and improvements are as follows:
(in millions) 2023 Transmission 2023 Distribution 2023 Gas Total 2023 Beyond 2023
Exelon N/A N/A N/A $ 7,175 $ 24,100 
ComEd 475 2,075 N/A 2,550 8,575 
PECO 75 975 325 1,375 4,825 
BGE 325 525 475 1,325 4,700 
PHI 550 1,225 125 1,900 6,000 
Pepco 250 650 N/A 900 2,825 
DPL 175 275 125 575 1,800 
ACE 150 300 N/A 425 1,400 
___________
(a)Numbers rounded to the nearest $25M and may not sum due to rounding.
(b)Includes estimated capital expenditures for the Utility Registrants from 2024 and 2026.
Projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic
conditions and other factors. Projected capital expenditures at the Utility Registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and
improve operations, including enhancing reliab ility and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems. The Utility
Registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital(a)
(a) (b)
84
Table of Contents
expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
Retirement Benefits
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100% funded
status on an ABO basis over time. This funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions.
Exelon’ s estimated annual qualified pension contributions will be $20 million in 2023. Unlike the qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s
non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While OPEB plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its plans. For
Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has historically
considered several facto rs in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, includin g liabilities management, levels of
benefit claims paid, and regulatory implication s (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
The following table provides all Registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans , planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to OPEB plans in 2023:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 20 $ 48 $ 47 
ComEd 20 3 19 
PECO — 1 — 
BGE — 1 15 
PHI — 9 11 
Pepco — 1 11 
DPL — — — 
ACE — — — 
To the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and OPEB plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual
pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. Conversely , to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the
pension and OPEB plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and OPEB contribution requirements in
future years could decrease. Additionally , expected contributions could change if Exelon changes its pension or OPEB funding
strategy .
See Note 14 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
pension and OPEB contributions.
Cash Requirements for Other Financial Commitments
The following tables summarize the Registrants'  future estimated cash payments as of December 31, 2022 under existing financial
commitments:
85
Table of Contents
Exelon
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 1,788 $ 35,289 $ 37,077 2023 - 2053
Interest payments on long-term debt 1,476 23,645 25,121 2023 - 2052
Operating leases 52 327 379 2023 - 2106
Fuel purchase agreements 321 1,076 1,397 2023 - 2038
Electric supply procurement 4,041 2,407 6,448 2023 - 2026
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 348 1,483 1,831 2023 - 2038
Other purchase obligations 4,816 3,070 7,886 2023 - 2032
DC PLUG obligation 34 3 37 2023 - 2024
ZEC commitments 99 676 775 2023 - 2027
Pension contributions 20 704 724 2023 - 2028
Total cash requirements $ 12,995 $ 68,680 $ 81,675 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2022. Includes estimated interest payments due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(c)These amounts exclude payments and obligations related to the Baltimore City Conduit system lease. In January 2023, BGE signed an
agreement to extend its use of the Baltimore City Conduit system through December 2026. Over the term of the new agreement, BGE has
committed to pay the City of Baltimore approximately $19 million and also incur $120 million of capital improvements to the Conduit system.
However, the agreement is still pending approval by Baltimore City which is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. Once approved, the
agreement would be effective immediately.
(d)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(e)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2022 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants or subsidiary and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the
normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to
period.
(f)These amounts represent Exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. Qualified pension contributions for years after 2028 are
not included.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(c)(e)
(f)
86
Table of Contents
ComEd
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ — $ 10,835 $ 10,835 2023 - 2053
Interest payments on long-term debt 421 7,640 8,061 2023 - 2052
Operating leases 2 — 2 2023 - 2026
Electric supply procurement 955 450 1,405 2023 - 2025
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 318 1,299 1,617 2023 - 2038
Other purchase obligations 1,124 488 1,612 2023 - 2032
ZEC commitments 99 676 775 2023 - 2027
Total cash requirements $ 2,919 $ 21,388 $ 24,307 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd financing trust.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the ComEd financing trust.
(c)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ComEd and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
PECO
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 50 $ 4,809 $ 4,859 2023 - 2052
Interest payments on long-term debt 194 4,053 4,247 2023 - 2052
Operating leases — 1 1 2023 - 2034
Fuel purchase agreements 172 307 479 2023 - 2029
Electric supply procurement 767 313 1,080 2023 - 2024
Other purchase obligations 835 593 1,428 2023 - 2030
Total cash requirements $ 2,018 $ 10,076 $ 12,094 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the PECO financing trusts.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between PECO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
87
Table of Contents
BGE
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 300 $ 3,950 $ 4,250 2023 - 2052
Interest payments on long-term debt 151 2,836 2,987 2023 - 2052
Operating leases 1 18 19 2023 - 2106
Fuel purchase agreements 116 573 689 2023 - 2038
Electric supply procurement 1,003 755 1,758 2023 - 2025
Other purchase obligations 966 299 1,265 2023 - 2028
Total cash requirements $ 2,537 $ 8,431 $ 10,968 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)These amounts exclude payments and obligations related to the Baltimore City Conduit system lease. In January 2023, BGE signed an
agreement to extend its use of the Baltimore City Conduit system through December 2026. Over the term of the new agreement, BGE has
committed to pay the City of Baltimore approximately $19 million and also incur $120 million of capital improvements to the Conduit system.
However, the agreement is still pending approval by Baltimore City which is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. Once approved, the
agreement would be effective immediately.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between BGE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
PHI
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 577 $ 7,042 $ 7,619 2023 - 2052
Interest payments on long-term debt 314 4,438 4,752 2023 - 2052
Finance leases 14 68 82 2023 - 2030
Operating leases 37 195 232 2023 - 2032
Fuel purchase agreements 33 196 229 2023 - 2028
Electric supply procurement 1,316 889 2,205 2023 - 2026
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 30 184 214 2023 - 2033
Other purchase obligations 1,335 710 2,045 2023 - 2031
DC PLUG obligation 34 3 37 2023 - 2024
Total cash requirements $ 3,690 $ 13,725 $ 17,415 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2022.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco, DPL, ACE, and PHISCO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in
the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period
to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(b)(d)
(a)
(b)
(c)
88
Table of Contents
Pepco
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ — $ 3,773 $ 3,773 2023 - 2052
Interest payments on long-term debt 170 2,659 2,829 2023 - 2052
Finance leases 5 23 28 2023 - 2030
Operating leases 7 41 48 2023 - 2032
Electric supply procurement 597 453 1,050 2023 - 2026
Other purchase obligations 696 334 1,030 2023 - 2027
DC PLUG obligation 34 3 37 2023 - 2024
Total cash requirements $ 1,509 $ 7,286 $ 8,795 
__________ 
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
DPL
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ 578 $ 1,337 $ 1,915 2023 - 2052
Interest payments on long-term debt 68 1,061 1,129 2023 - 2052
Finance leases 6 28 34 2023 - 2030
Operating leases 10 52 62 2023 - 2032
Fuel purchase agreements 33 196 229 2023 - 2028
Electric supply procurement 358 220 578 2023 - 2025
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 30 184 214 2023 - 2033
Other purchase obligations 270 158 428 2023 - 2031
Total cash requirements $ 1,353 $ 3,236 $ 4,589 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2022.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between DPL and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(c)
89
Table of Contents
ACE
2023 Beyond 2023 Total Time Period
Long-term debt $ — $ 1,747 $ 1,747 2023 - 2052
Interest payments on long-term debt 62 598 660 2023 - 2052
Finance leases 3 17 20 2023 - 2030
Operating leases 4 7 11 2023 - 2028
Electric supply procurement 361 216 577 2023 - 2025
Other purchase obligations 323 168 491 2023 - 2027
Total cash requirements $ 753 $ 2,753 $ 3,506 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value, as of December 31, 2022, of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ACE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information  of the Registrants’  other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
Additionally , see below for where to find additional information regarding the financial commitments in the tables above in the
Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements:
Item Location within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Long-term debt Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Interest payments on long-term debt Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Finance leases Note 10 — Leases
Operating leases Note 10 — Leases
REC commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
ZEC commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
DC PLUG obligation Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Pension contributions Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Credit Facilities
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper . PECO meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from
the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the
issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate  meets its short-term liquidity
requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool. The Registrants may use
their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance
of letters of credit.
See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
on the Registrants’  credit facilities and short term borrowing activity .(a)
(b)
90
Table of Contents
Capital Structure
As of December 31, 2022, the capital structures of the Registrants consisted of the following:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Long-term debt 57 % 43 % 44 % 44 % 41 % 48 % 48 % 50 %
Long-term debt to af filiates 1 % 1 % 2 % — % — % — % — % — %
Common equity 38 % 54 % 52 % 52 % — % 48 % 49 % 50 %
Member ’s equity — % — % — % — % 57 % — % — % — %
Commercial paper and notes
payable 4 % 2 % 2 % 4 % 2 % 4 % 3 % — %
__________ 
(a)As of December 31, 2021, Exelon's Long-term debt and Common equity capital structure percentages were 50% and 45%, respectively. The
change in capital structure percentages above is a result of a decrease in common equity due to the separation of Constellation in addition to an
increase in long-term debt issuances. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for additional information regarding the separation.
(b)Includes approximately $390 million, $205 million, and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of Exelon, ComEd, and PECO respectively.
These special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities of ComEd and
PECO.
Security Ratings
The Registra nts’ access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those
markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
The Registrants’  borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a
downgrading of a Registrant’ s securities could increase fees and interest charges under that Registrant’ s credit agreements.
As part of the normal course of business, the Registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the
Registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for
doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the Registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency ,
it is possible  that a coun terparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making  a demand for adequate assurance
of future performance, which could include the posting of additional collateral. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
The credit ratings for ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL did not change for the year ended Decemb er 31, 2022. On January 14, 2022,
Fitch lowere d Exelon Corporate's long-term and senior unsecured ratings from BBB+ to BBB and affirmed the short-term rating of
F2. In additi on, Fitch upgraded Pepco, ACE, and PHI's long-term rating from BBB to BBB+ and upgraded Pepco and ACE's senior
secured rating from A- to A.(a)
(b)
91
Table of Contents
Intercompany Money Pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing, both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed
from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of December 31, 2022, are presented in the following
tables. ACE did not have any intercompany money pool activity as of December 31, 2022.
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022
Exelon Intercompany Money Pool Maximum Contributed Maximum Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Exelon Corporate $ 396 $ — $ 182 
PECO 138 (105) — 
BSC — (380) (183)
PHI Corporate — (54) (44)
PCI 50 — 45 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022
PHI Intercompany Money Pool Maximum Contributed Maximum Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Pepco $ — $ (108) $ — 
DPL 108 — — 
Shelf Registration Statements
Exelon and the Utility Registrants have a currently effective combined shelf registration statemen t, unlimited in amount, filed with the
SEC on August 3, 2022, that will expire in August 2025. The ability of each Registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration
statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including
other required regulatory approvals, as applicab le, the current financial condition of the Registrant, its securities ratings and market
conditions.
Regulatory Authorizations
The Utility Registrants are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from Federal and State Commissions as
follows:
As of December 31, 2022
Short-term Financing Authority Remaining Long-term Financing Authority
Commission Expiration Date Amount Commission Expiration Date Amount
ComEd FERC December 31, 2023 $ 2,500 ICC January 1, 2025 $ 1,343 
PECO FERC December 31, 2023 1,500 PAPUC December 31, 2024 1,125 
BGE FERC December 31, 2023 700 MDPSC N/A — 
Pepco FERC December 31, 2023 500 MDPSC / DCPSC 2022 & 2025 1,400 
DPL FERC December 31, 2023 500 MDPSC / DEPSC December 31, 2025 1,200 
ACE NJBPU December 31, 2023 350 NJBPU December 31, 2024 700 
__________
(a)On November 18, 2021, ComEd received approval from the ICC for $2 billion in new money long-term debt financing authority with an effective
date of January 1, 2022.
(b)On December 2, 2021, PECO received approval from the PAPUC for $2.5 billion in new long-term debt financing authority with an effective date
of January 1, 2022.
(c)On December 21, 2022, BGE received approval from the MDPSC for $1.8 billion in new long-term financing authority with an effective date of
January 4, 2023.
(d)On June 9, 2022 and June 30, 2022, Pepco received approval from the MDPSC and DCPSC, respectively, for $1.4 billion in new long-term
financing authority. The long-term financing authority became effective on the date of respective approvals and has an expiration date of
December 31, 2025.
(e)On November 2, 2022, DPL filed with the MDPSC and DEPSC for approval of $1.2 billion in new long-term financing authority with an effective
date of December 14, 2022. The financing authority filed with MDPSC does not have an expiration date, while the financing authority filed with
DEPSC has an expiration date of December 31, 2025.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
92
Table of Contents
(f)On July 13, 2022, ACE received approval from the NJBPU for $700 million in new long-term debt financing authority with an effective date of
July 20, 2022.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Registrants hold commodity and financial instruments that are exposed to the following market risks:
•Commodity price risk, which is discussed further below .
•Counterparty credit risk associated with non-performance by counterparties on executed derivative instruments and
participation in all, or some of the established, wholesale spot energy markets that are admini stered by PJM. The credit
policies of PJM may, under certain circumstances, require that losses arising from the defau lt of one member on spot
energy mark et transactions be shared by the remaining participants. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of counterparty credit risk related to
derivative instruments.
•Equity price and interes t rate risk associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan trusts. See Note 14 — Retirement
Benefits of the 2021 Recast Form 10-K for additional information.
•Interest rate risk associated with changes in interest rates for the Registrants’  outstanding long-term debt. This risk is
significantly reduced as substantially all of the Registrants’  outstanding debt has fixed interest rates. There is inherent
interest rate risk related to refinancing maturing debt by issuing new long-term debt. The Registrants use a combination of
fixed-rate and variable-r ate debt to manage interest rate exposure. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial State ments for additional information. In addition, Exelon Corporate may utilize
interest rate derivatives to lock in rate levels in anticipation of future financings, which are typically designated as cash flow
hedges, or to lock in rate levels on borrowings, which are typically designated as economic hedges. See Note 15 —
Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•Electric operating revenues risk associated with ComEd's distribution formula rate. ComEd's ROE  for its electric distribution
service throu gh 2023 is directly correlated to yields on U.S. Treasury bonds. Exelon Corporate may utilize interest rate
derivatives to mitigate volatility and manage risk to Exelon, which are typically accounted for as economic hedges. See
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financia l Statements for additional
information.
The Registrants operate primarily under cost-bas ed rate regulation limiting exposure to the effects of market risk. Hedging programs
are utilized to reduce exposure to energy and natural gas price volatility and have no direct earnings impacts as the costs are fully
recovered through regulatory-approved recovery mechanisms.
Exelon manages these  risks through risk management policies and objectives for risk assessment, control and valuation,
counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring and reporting of risk exposures. Risk management issues are reported to Exelon’ s
Board of Directors, Exelon's Audit and Risk Committee, and/or the applicable Utility Board Registrant. The Registrants do not
execute derivatives for speculative or proprietary trading purposes.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Commodity price risk is associated with price movements resulting from changes in supply and demand, fuel costs, market liquidity ,
weather conditions, governmental regulatory and environmental policies, and other factors. To the extent the total amount of energy
Exelon purch ases differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell, Exelon is exposed to market fluctuations in commodity
prices. Exelon seeks to mitigate its commodity price risk through the sale and purchase of electricity and natural gas.
ComEd entered into 20-year floating-to-fixed renewable energy swap contracts beginning in June 2012, which are considered an
economic hedge and have changes in fair value recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset or liability . ComEd has block energy
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive
93
Table of Contents
procurement process, which are considered derivatives and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accounted for on an accrual basis
of accounting. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive
procurement process. BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have certain full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives and
qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accounted for on an accrual basis of accounting. Other full requirements contracts are not
derivatives.
PECO, BGE, and DPL also have executed derivative natural gas contracts, which qualify for NPNS, to hedge their long-term price
risk in the natural gas market. The hedging programs for natural gas procurement have no direct impact on their financial
statements.
For additional information on these contracts, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table presents maturity and source of fair value for Exelon's and ComEd's mark-to-market commodity contract
liabilities. The table provides two fundamental pieces of information. First, the table provides the source of fair value used in
determining the carrying amount of Exelon's and ComEd's total mark-to-market liabilities. Secon d, the table shows the maturity , by
year, of Exelon's and ComEd's commodity contract liabilities giving an indication of when these  mark-to-market amounts will settle
and require cash. See Note 17 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy .
Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value Commodity derivative contracts: 2023 2024 2025 2026 20272028 and
Beyond
Prices based on model or other valuation methods
(Level 3) $ (5) $ (8) $(11) $(12) $(13) $ (35) $ (84)
_________
(a)Represents ComEd's net liabilities associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.(a)
94
Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The manage ment of Exelon Corporation (Exelo n) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Exelon’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Exelon’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
The effectiv eness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
February 14, 2023
95
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The manage ment of Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd) is responsible for establishing  and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
ComEd’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ComEd’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
February 14, 2023
96
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of PECO Energy Company (PECO) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
PECO’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PECO’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
February 14, 2023
97
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
BGE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, BGE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
February 14, 2023
98
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Pepco Holdings LLC (PHI) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PHI’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PHI’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PHI’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, PHI’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 14, 2023
99
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Potomac Electric Power Company (Pepco) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Pepco’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Pepco’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
February 14, 2023
100
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Delmarva Power & Light Company (DPL) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
DPL’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of DPL’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, DPL’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, DPL ’s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
February 14, 2023
101
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Atlantic City Electric Company (ACE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
ACE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ACE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
February 14, 2023
102
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Exelon Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial state ments, including the related notes, of Exelon Corporation and its subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1)(i), and the financial statem ent schedules listed in the index
appearing under Item 15(a)(1)(ii), (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial repor ting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the conso lidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Compan y as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2022 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions
on the Company’ s consolidated financial statem ents and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm register ed with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit s in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
103
Table of Contents
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its current ly recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of
December 31, 2022, there were $9.7 billion of regulatory assets and $9.5 billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2000.
104
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Commonwealth Edison Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, of Commonwealth Edison Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in
the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
105
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $3.4 billion of regulatory assets and $7.1
billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000.
106
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of PECO Energy Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, of PECO Energy Company and its subsidiaries
(the “Company”) as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(3)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index
appearing under Item 15(a)(3)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
107
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $732 million of regulatory assets and $345
million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1932.
108
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (the “Company”) as
listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(4)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed  in the index appearing under Item
15(a)(4)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicate d to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicati ng the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in the financial statements the effects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory asset s or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
109
Table of Contents
respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $704 million of regulatory assets and $863 million of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company ’s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since at least 1993. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
110
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Pepco Holdings LLC
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, of Pepco Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(5)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing
under Item 15(a)(5)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
111
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $2.1 billion of regulatory assets and $1.1
billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001.
112
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Potomac Electric Power Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, of Potomac Electric Power Company (the “Company”) as
listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed  in the index appearing under Item
15(a)(6)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicate d to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicati ng the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in the financial statements the effects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory asset s or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
113
Table of Contents
respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $672 million of regulatory assets and $461 million of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company ’s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
114
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Delmarva Power & Light Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, of Delmarva Power & Light Company (the “Company”) as
listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed  in the index appearing under Item
15(a)(7)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicate d to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicati ng the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in the financial statements the effects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory asset s or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled,
115
Table of Contents
respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $282 million of regulatory assets and $424 million of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company ’s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
116
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Atlantic City Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, of Atlantic City Electric Company and its
subsidiary (the “Company”) as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(i), and the finan cial statement schedule listed in the
index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(ii) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As describe d in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in the consolidated financial statements the effects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party  regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing  services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasona ble expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collec ted from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
117
Table of Contents
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2022, there were $624 million of regulatory assets and $182
million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determinatio n that performing procedures relating to the Com pany’ s accounting for the effects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit effort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among
others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s interpretation of
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and recalculating regulatory assets and liabilities
based on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 14, 2023
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998.
118
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income    
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 16,899  $ 16,245  $ 15,236  
Natural gas operating revenues 2,018  1,522  1,421  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 161 171 6 
Total operating revenues 19,078  17,938  16,663  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 5,380  4,703  4,086  
Purchased fuel 834 504 426 
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates 159 1,178  1,209  
Operating and maintenance 4,673  4,547  4,641  
Depreciation and amortization 3,325  3,033  2,891  
Taxes other than income taxes 1,390  1,291  1,232  
     Total operating expenses 15,761  15,256  14,485  
(Loss) Gain on sales of assets and businesses (2) — 13 
Operating income 3,315  2,682  2,191  
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (1,422 ) (1,264 ) (1,282 )
Interest expense to af filiates (25) (25) (25)
Other , net 535 261 208 
      Total other income and (deductions) (912) (1,028 ) (1,099 )
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 2,403  1,654  1,092  
Income taxes 349 38 (7)
Net income from continuing operations after income taxes 2,054  1,616  1,099  
Net income from discontinued operations after income taxes (Note 2) 117 213 855 
Net Income 2,171  1,829  1,954  
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 123 (9)
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,170  $ 1,706  $ 1,963  
Amounts attributable to common shareholders:
Net income from continuing operations 2,054  1,616  1,099  
Net income from discontinued operations 116 90 864 
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,170  $ 1,706  $ 1,963  
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes
Net income $ 2,171  $ 1,829  $ 1,954  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost (1) (4) (40)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost 42 223 190 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation adjustment 46 432 (357)
Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 2 (1) (3)
Unrealized gain on foreign currency translation — — 4 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 89 650 (206)
Comprehensive income 2,260  2,479  1,748  
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 123 (9)
Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,259  $ 2,356  $ 1,757  
Average shares of common stock outstanding:
Basic 986 979 976 
Assumed exercise and/or distributions of stock-based awards 1 1 1 
Diluted 987 980 977 
Earnings per average common share from continuing operations
Basic $ 2.08 $ 1.65 $ 1.13 
Diluted $ 2.08 $ 1.65 $ 1.13 
Earnings per average common share from discontinued operations
Basic $ 0.12 $ 0.09 $ 0.88 
Diluted $ 0.12 $ 0.09 $ 0.88 
__________
(a) The number of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive effect were none for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and less than 1 million for the years ended December 31, 2020.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
119
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 2,171  $ 1,829  $ 1,954  
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization 3,533  7,573  6,527  
Asset impairments 48 552 591 
Gain on sales of assets and businesses (8) (201) (24)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 255 18 309 
Net fair value changes related to derivatives (53) (568) (268)
Net realized and unrealized gains on NDT  funds 205 (586) (461)
Net unrealized losses (gains) on equity investments 16 160 (186)
Other non-cash operating activities 370 (200) 592 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (1,222 ) (703) 697 
Inventories (121) (141) (85)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 1,318  440 (129)
Option premiums paid, net (39) (338) (139)
Collateral received (posted), net 1,248  (74) 494 
Income taxes (4) 327 140 
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (1,326 ) (634) (649)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (616) (665) (601)
Other assets and liabilities (905) (3,777 ) (4,527 )
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 4,870  3,012  4,235  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (7,147 ) (7,981 ) (8,048 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales 488 6,532  3,341  
Investment in NDT  funds (516) (6,673 ) (3,464 )
Collection of DPP 169 3,902  3,771  
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses 16 877 46 
Other investing activities — 26 18 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (6,990 ) (3,317 ) (4,336 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 986 269 161 
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 1,300  1,380  500 
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days (1,500 ) (350) — 
Issuance of long-term debt 6,309  3,481  7,507  
Retirement of long-term debt (2,073 ) (1,640 ) (6,440 )
Issuance of common stock 563 — — 
Dividends paid on common stock (1,334 ) (1,497 ) (1,492 )
Acquisition of CENG noncontrolling interest — (885) — 
Proceeds from employee stock plans 36 80 45 
Transfer of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents to Constellation (2,594 ) — — 
Other financing activities (102) (80) (136)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 1,591  758 145 
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (529) 453 44 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 1,619  1,166  1,122  
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 1,090  $ 1,619  $ 1,166  
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 36 $ 16 $ 194 
Increase in DPP 348 3,652  4,441  
Increase in PP&E related to ARO update 332 642 850 
    
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
120
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 407 $ 672 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 566 321 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 2,544 2,189
Customer allowance for credit losses (327) (320)
Customer accounts receivable, net 2,217  1,869  
Other accounts receivable 1,426 1,068
Other allowance for credit losses (82) (72)
Other accounts receivable, net 1,344  996 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 208 105 
Materials and supplies 547 476 
Regulatory assets 1,641  1,296  
Other 406 387 
Current assets of discontinued operations — 7,835  
Total current assets 7,336  13,957  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$15,930  and $ 14,430  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 69,076  64,558  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 8,037  8,224  
Goodwill 6,630  6,630  
Receivable related to Regulatory Agreement Units 2,897  — 
Investments 232 250 
Other 1,141  885 
Property , plant, and equipment, deferred debits, and other assets of discontinued
operations — 38,509  
Total deferred debits and other assets 18,937  54,498  
Total assets $ 95,349  $ 133,013  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
121
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 2,586  $ 1,248  
Long-term debt due within one year 1,802  2,153  
Accounts payable 3,382  2,379  
Accrued expenses 1,226  1,137  
Payables to af filiates 5 5 
Regulatory liabilities 437 376 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 8 18 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 10 89 
Other 1,155  766 
Current liabilities of discontinued operations — 7,940  
Total current liabilities 10,611  16,111  
Long-term debt 35,272  30,749  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 390 390 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 11,250  10,611  
Regulatory liabilities 9,112  9,628  
Pension obligations 1,109  2,051  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 507 811 
Asset retirement obligations 269 271 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 83 201 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 35 146 
Other 1,967  1,573  
Long-term debt, deferred credits, and other liabilities of discontinued operations — 25,676  
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 24,332  50,968  
Total liabilities 70,605  98,218  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock ( No par value, 2,000  shares authorized, 994 shares and 979 shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 20,908  20,324  
Treasury stock, at cost ( 2 shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 4,597  16,942  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (638) (2,750 )
Total shareholders’  equity 24,744  34,393  
Noncontrolling interests — 402 
Total equity 24,744  34,795  
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 95,349  $ 133,013  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
122
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Shareholders' Equity
(In millions, shares in thousands)Issued
SharesCommon
StockTreasury
StockRetained
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss, netNoncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 974,416 $19,274 $ (123)$16,267 $ (3,194)$ 2,349 $ 34,573 
Net income (loss) — — — 1,963 — (9) 1,954 
Long-term incentive plan activity 1,570 40 — — — — 40 
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 1,480 56 — — — — 56 
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 3 — — — — 3 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (57) (57)
Common stock dividends
($1.53/common share) — — — (1,495) — — (1,495)
Other comprehensive loss, net of income
taxes — — — — (206) — (206)
Balance, December 31, 2020 977,466 $19,373 $ (123)$16,735 $ (3,400)$ 2,283 $ 34,868 
Net income — — — 1,706 — 123 1,829 
Long-term incentive plan
activity 1,734 69 — — — — 69 
Employee stock purchase
plan issuances 2,091 90 — — — — 90 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (37) (37)
Acquisition of CENG noncontrolling
interest — 1,080 — — — (1,965) (885)
Deferred tax adjustment related to
acquisition of CENG noncontrolling
interest — (290) — — — — (290)
Common stock dividends
($1.53/common share) — — — (1,499) — — (1,499)
Acquisition of other noncontrolling
interest — 2 — — — (2) — 
Other comprehensive loss, net of income
taxes — — — — 650 — 650 
Balance, December 31, 2021 981,291 $20,324 $ (123)$16,942 $ (2,750)$ 402 $ 34,795 
Net income — — — 2,170 — 1 2,171 
Long-term incentive plan activity 561 1 — — — — 1 
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 983 41 — — — — 41 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (7) (7)
Distribution of Constellation (Note 2) — (21) — (13,179) 2,023 (396) (11,573)
Issuance of common stock 12,995 563 — — — — 563 
Common stock dividends
($1.35/common share) — — — (1,336) — — (1,336)
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — — — 89 — 89 
Balance, December 31, 2022 995,830 $20,908 $ (123)$ 4,597 $ (638)$ — $ 24,744 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
123
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 5,478  $ 6,323  $ 5,914  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 267 42 (47)
Operating revenues from af filiates 16 41 37 
Total operating revenues 5,761  6,406  5,904  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,050  1,888  1,653  
Purchased power from af filiates 59 383 345 
Operating and maintenance 1,094  1,048  1,231  
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 318 307 289 
Depreciation and amortization 1,323  1,205  1,133  
Taxes other than income taxes 374 320 299 
Total operating expenses 4,218  5,151  4,950  
Loss on sales of assets (2) — — 
Operating income 1,541  1,255  954 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (401) (376) (369)
Interest expense to af filiates (13) (13) (13)
Other , net 54 48 43 
Total other income and (deductions) (360) (341) (339)
Income before income taxes 1,181  914 615 
Income taxes 264 172 177 
Net income $ 917 $ 742 $ 438 
Comprehensive income $ 917 $ 742 $ 438 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
124
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 917 $ 742 $ 438 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 1,323  1,205  1,133  
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 241 244 228 
Other non-cash operating activities (165) 126 202 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
     Accounts receivable (163) (25) (10)
     Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (34) 32 (1)
     Inventories (28) (2) (13)
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses 406 — 63 
     Collateral received, net 51 — 14 
     Income taxes — — 8 
     Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (1,033 ) (388) (410)
     Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (184) (196) (148)
     Other assets and liabilities (134) (143) (180)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,197  1,595  1,324  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (2,506 ) (2,387 ) (2,217 )
Other investing activities 28 26 2 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (2,478 ) (2,361 ) (2,215 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 427 (323) 193 
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 150 — — 
Issuance of long-term debt 750 1,150  1,000  
Retirement of long-term debt — (350) (500)
Dividends paid on common stock (578) (507) (499)
Contributions from parent 670 791 712 
Other financing activities (11) (16) (13)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 1,408  745 893 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 127 (21) 2 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 384 405 403 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 511 $ 384 $ 405 
Supplemental cash flow information
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (20)$ (46)$ 109 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
125
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 67 $ 131 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 327 210 
Accounts receivable
       Customer accounts receivable 558 647
       Customer allowance for credit losses (59) (73)
          Customer accounts receivable, net 499 574 
       Other accounts receivable 441 227
       Other allowance for credit losses (17) (17)
          Other accounts receivable, net 424 210 
Receivables from af filiates 3 16 
Inventories, net 196 170 
Regulatory assets 775 335 
Other 92 76 
Total current assets 2,383  1,722  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$6,673  and $ 6,099  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 27,513  25,995  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 2,667  1,870  
Goodwill 2,625  2,625  
Receivables from af filiates — 2,761  
Receivable related to Regulatory Agreement Units 2,660  — 
Investments 6 6 
Prepaid pension asset 1,206  1,086  
Other 601 405 
Total deferred debits and other assets 9,765  8,753  
Total assets $ 39,661  $ 36,470  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
126
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 577 $ — 
Accounts payable 1,010  647 
Accrued expenses 415 384 
Payables to af filiates 74 121 
Customer deposits 108 99 
Regulatory liabilities 226 185 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 5 18 
Other 191 133 
Total current liabilities 2,606  1,587  
Long-term debt 10,518  9,773  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 205 205 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 5,021  4,685  
Regulatory liabilities 6,913  6,759  
Asset retirement obligations 148 144 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 165 169 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 79 201 
Other 642 592 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 12,968  12,550  
Total liabilities 26,297  24,115  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock ($ 12.50  par value, 250 shares authorized, 127 shares outstanding as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 1,588  1,588  
Other paid-in capital 9,746  9,076  
Retained earnings 2,030  1,691  
Total shareholders’  equity 13,364  12,355  
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 39,661  $ 36,470  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
127
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity
(In millions)Common
StockOther
Paid-In
CapitalRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholders’
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,588  $ 7,572  $ 1,517  $ 10,677  
Net income — — 438 438 
Common stock dividends — — (499) (499)
Contributions from parent — 713 — 713 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,588  $ 8,285  $ 1,456  $ 11,329  
Net income — — 742 742 
Common stock dividends — — (507) (507)
Contributions from parent — 791 — 791 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 1,588  $ 9,076  $ 1,691  $ 12,355  
Net income — — 917 917 
Common stock dividends — — (578) (578)
Contributions from parent — 670 — 670 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 1,588  $ 9,746  $ 2,030  $ 13,364  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
128
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 3,156  $ 2,613  $ 2,519  
Natural gas operating revenues 738 538 514 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 2 26 16 
Operating revenues from af filiates 7 21 9 
Total operating revenues 3,903  3,198  3,058  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,160  699 645 
Purchased fuel 342 188 185 
Purchased power from af filiates 33 194 188 
Operating and maintenance 791 757 816 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 201 177 159 
Depreciation and amortization 373 348 347 
Taxes other than income taxes 202 184 172 
Total operating expenses 3,102  2,547  2,512  
Operating income 801 651 546 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (165) (149) (136)
Interest expense to af filiates, net (12) (12) (11)
Other , net 31 26 18 
Total other income and (deductions) (146) (135) (129)
Income before income taxes 655 516 417 
Income taxes 79 12 (30)
Net income $ 576 $ 504 $ 447 
Comprehensive income $ 576 $ 504 $ 447 
    
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
129
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 576 $ 504 $ 447 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 373 348 347 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax
credits 70 11 (23)
Other non-cash operating activities 40 — 24 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (205) (35) (88)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (31) 21 (6)
Inventories (56) (26) (1)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 152 15 63 
Income taxes (20) 5 31 
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (45) (21) 1 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (18) (18) (18)
Other assets and liabilities 5 (31) — 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 841 773 777 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,349 ) (1,240 ) (1,147 )
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool — — 68 
Other investing activities 8 9 7 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,341 ) (1,231 ) (1,072 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Change in short-term borrowings 239 — — 
Issuance of long-term debt 775 750 350 
Retirement of long-term debt (350) (300) — 
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool — (40) 40 
Dividends paid on common stock (399) (339) (340)
Contributions from parent 274 414 248 
Other financing activities (15) (9) (4)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 524 476 294 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 24 18 (1)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 44 26 27 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 68 $ 44 $ 26 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 9 $ 26 $ 55 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
130
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 59 $ 36 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 9 8 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 635 489
Customer allowance for credit losses (105) (105)
Customer accounts receivable, net 530 384 
Other accounts receivable 153 116
Other allowance for credit losses (9) (7)
Other accounts receivable, net 144 109 
Receivables from af filiates 4 1 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 99 51 
Materials and supplies 52 45 
Regulatory assets 80 48 
Other 38 29 
Total current assets 1,015  711 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$4,078  and $ 3,964  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 12,125  11,117  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 652 943 
Receivables from af filiates — 597 
Receivable related to Regulatory Agreement Units 237 — 
Investments 30 34 
Prepaid pension asset 413 386 
Other 30 36 
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,362  1,996  
Total assets $ 14,502  $ 13,824  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
131
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 239 $ — 
Long-term debt due within one year 50 350 
Accounts payable 668 494 
Accrued expenses 142 136 
Payables to af filiates 42 70 
Customer deposits 63 48 
Regulatory liabilities 75 94 
Other 32 35 
Total current liabilities 1,311  1,227  
Long-term debt 4,562  3,847  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 184 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,213  2,421  
Regulatory liabilities 270 635 
Asset retirement obligations 28 29 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 286 286 
Other 85 83 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,882  3,454  
Total liabilities 8,939  8,712  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ( No par value, 500 shares authorized, 170 shares outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021) 3,702  3,428  
Retained earnings 1,861  1,684  
Total shareholder's equity 5,563  5,112  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 14,502  $ 13,824  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
132
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 2,766  $ 1,412  $ 4,178  
Net income — 447 447 
Common stock dividends — (340) (340)
Contributions from parent 248 — 248 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 3,014  $ 1,519  $ 4,533  
Net income — 504 504 
Common stock dividends — (339) (339)
Contributions from parent 414 — 414 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 3,428  $ 1,684  $ 5,112  
Net income — 576 576 
Common stock dividends — (399) (399)
Contributions from parent 274 — 274 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 3,702  $ 1,861  $ 5,563  
 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
133
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,890  $ 2,497  $ 2,323  
Natural gas operating revenues 1,037  801 739 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (47) 12 16 
Operating revenues from af filiates 15 31 20 
Total operating revenues 3,895  3,341  3,098  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,186  699 509 
Purchased fuel 363 243 171 
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates 18 233 311 
Operating and maintenance 670 618 617 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 207 193 172 
Depreciation and amortization 630 591 550 
Taxes other than income taxes 302 283 268 
Total operating expenses 3,376  2,860  2,598  
Operating income 519 481 500 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (152) (138) (133)
Other , net 21 30 23 
Total other income and (deductions) (131) (108) (110)
Income before income taxes 388 373 390 
Income taxes 8 (35) 41 
Net income $ 380 $ 408 $ 349 
Comprehensive income $ 380 $ 408 $ 349 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
134
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 380 $ 408 $ 349 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 630 591 550 
Asset impairments 48 — — 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 9 (17) 37 
Other non-cash operating activities 135 75 97 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (197) 30 (165)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (2) (13) (8)
Inventories (61) (29) 10 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 77 14 102 
Collateral received, net 19 3 — 
Income taxes (17) 20 60 
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (160) (152) (118)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (68) (81) (78)
Other assets and liabilities (33) (120) 48 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 760 729 884 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,262 ) (1,226 ) (1,247 )
Other investing activities 11 18 2 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,251 ) (1,208 ) (1,245 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 278 130 (76)
Issuance of long-term debt 500 600 400 
Retirement of long-term debt (250) (300) — 
Dividends paid on common stock (300) (292) (246)
Contributions from parent 286 257 411 
Other financing activities (11) (6) (8)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 503 389 481 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 12 (90) 120 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 55 145 25 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 67 $ 55 $ 145 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 35 $ (59)$ 53 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
135
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 43 $ 51 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 24 4 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 617 436
Customer allowance for credit losses (54) (38)
Customer accounts receivable, net 563 398 
Other accounts receivable 132 124
Other allowance for credit losses (10) (9)
Other accounts receivable, net 122 115 
Receivables from af filiates — 1 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 91 42 
Materials and supplies 65 53 
Prepaid utility taxes 52 49 
Regulatory assets 177 215 
Other 13 8 
Total current assets 1,150  936 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$4,583  and $ 4,299  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 11,338  10,577  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 527 477 
Investments 7 14 
Prepaid pension asset 291 276 
Other 37 44 
Total deferred debits and other assets 862 811 
Total assets $ 13,350  $ 12,324  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
136
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 408 $ 130 
Long-term debt due within one year 300 250 
Accounts payable 462 349 
Accrued expenses 159 176 
Payables to af filiates 39 48 
Customer deposits 105 97 
Regulatory liabilities 47 26 
Other 55 48 
Total current liabilities 1,575  1,124  
Long-term debt 3,907  3,711  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,832  1,686  
Regulatory liabilities 816 934 
Asset retirement obligations 30 26 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 166 175 
Other 88 98 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,932  2,919  
Total liabilities 8,414  7,754  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ( No par value, 0 shares  authorized, 0 shares  outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021) 2,861  2,575  
Retained earnings 2,075  1,995  
Total shareholder's equity 4,936  4,570  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 13,350  $ 12,324  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,500 authorized and 1,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.(a) (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
137
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,907  $ 1,776  $ 3,683  
Net income — 349 349 
Common stock dividends — (246) (246)
Contributions from parent 411 — 411 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 2,318  $ 1,879  $ 4,197  
Net income — 408 408 
Common stock dividends — (292) (292)
Contributions from parent 257 — 257 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 2,575  $ 1,995  $ 4,570  
Net income — 380 380 
Common stock dividends — (300) (300)
Contributions from parent 286 — 286 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 2,861  $ 2,075  $ 4,936  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
138
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 5,376  $ 4,769  $ 4,463  
Natural gas operating revenues 238 168 162 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (59) 91 21 
Operating revenues from af filiates 10 13 17 
Total operating revenues 5,565  5,041  4,663  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,984  1,417  1,279  
Purchased fuel 129 73 69 
Purchased power from af filiates 51 367 366 
Operating and maintenance 966 925 940 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 191 179 159 
Depreciation and amortization 938 821 782 
Taxes other than income taxes 475 458 450 
Total operating expenses 4,734  4,240  4,045  
Gain on sales of assets — — 11 
Operating income 831 801 629 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (292) (267) (268)
Other , net 78 69 57 
Total other income and (deductions) (214) (198) (211)
Income before income taxes 617 603 418 
Income taxes 9 42 (77)
Net income $ 608 $ 561 $ 495 
Comprehensive income $ 608 $ 561 $ 495 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
139
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 608 $ 561 $ 495 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 938 821 782 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (9) 24 (97)
Other non-cash operating activities 163 (12) 103 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (184) (48) (159)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (46) 6 3 
Inventories (34) (16) (6)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 30 34 49 
Collateral received, net 148 49 — 
Income taxes (1) 17 (25)
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (136) (99) (129)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (78) (48) (39)
Other assets and liabilities (149) (132) 25 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,250  1,157  1,002  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,709 ) (1,720 ) (1,604 )
Other investing activities 6 2 7 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,703 ) (1,718 ) (1,597 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (54) 100 160 
Issuance of long-term debt 925 825 602 
Retirement of long-term debt (310) (260) (128)
Change in Exelon intercompany money pool 37 (14) 9 
Distributions to member (750) (703) (553)
Contributions from member 787 683 494 
Other financing activities (22) (17) (10)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 613 614 574 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 160 53 (21)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 213 160 181 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 373 $ 213 $ 160 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 136 $ (6)$ 54 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
140
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 198 $ 136 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 175 77 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 734 616
Customer allowance for credit losses (109) (104)
Customer accounts receivable, net 625 512 
Other accounts receivable 300 283
Other allowance for credit losses (46) (39)
Other accounts receivable, net 254 244 
Receivable from af filiates 2 2 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 18 11 
Materials and supplies 236 209 
Regulatory assets 455 432 
Other 96 69 
Total current assets 2,059  1,692  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$2,618  and $ 2,108  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 17,686  16,498  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 1,610  1,794  
Goodwill 4,005  4,005  
Investments 138 145 
Prepaid pension asset 353 344 
Other 231 266 
Total deferred debits and other assets 6,337  6,554  
Total assets $ 26,082  $ 24,744  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
141
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 414 $ 468 
Long-term debt due within one year 591 399 
Accounts payable 771 578 
Accrued expenses 260 281 
Payables to af filiates 66 104 
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 44 7 
Customer deposits 88 81 
Regulatory liabilities 76 68 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 10 89 
PPA Termination Obligation 87 — 
Other 330 171 
Total current liabilities 2,737  2,246  
Long-term debt 7,529  7,148  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,895  2,675  
Regulatory liabilities 1,011  1,238  
Asset retirement obligations 59 70 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 50 66 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 35 146 
Other 536 570 
  Total deferred credits and other liabilities 4,586  4,765  
Total liabilities 14,852  14,159  
Commitments and contingencies
Member's equity
Membership interest 11,582  10,795  
Undistributed losses (352) (210)
Total member's equity 11,230  10,585  
Total liabilities and member's equity $ 26,082  $ 24,744  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
142
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
(Losses)/GainsTotal
Member's Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 9,618  $ (10)$ 9,608  
Net income — 495 495 
Distribution to member — (553) (553)
Contributions from member 494 — 494 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 10,112  $ (68)$ 10,044  
Net Income — 561 561 
Distribution to member — (703) (703)
Contributions from member 683 — 683 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 10,795  $ (210)$ 10,585  
Net income — 608 608 
Distribution to member — (750) (750)
Contributions from member 787 — 787 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 11,582  $ (352)$ 11,230  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
143
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,557  $ 2,216  $ 2,102  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (31) 53 40 
Operating revenues from af filiates 5 5 7 
Total operating revenues 2,531  2,274  2,149  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 795 353 324 
Purchased power from af filiate 39 271 278 
Operating and maintenance 284 258 248 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 223 213 205 
Depreciation and amortization 417 403 377 
Taxes other than income taxes 382 373 367 
Total operating expenses 2,140  1,871  1,799  
Gain on sales of assets — — 9 
Operating income 391 403 359 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (150) (140) (138)
Other , net 55 48 38 
Total other income and (deductions) (95) (92) (100)
Income before income taxes 296 311 259 
Income taxes (9) 15 (7)
Net income $ 305 $ 296 $ 266 
Comprehensive income $ 305 $ 296 $ 266 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
144
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 305 $ 296 $ 266 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 417 403 377 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (17) (8) (46)
Other non-cash operating activities 36 (52) (23)
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (104) (28) (67)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (33) 6 (12)
Inventories (16) (8) 1 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 24 16 41 
Collateral received, net 24 2 — 
Income taxes (19) 11 (1)
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (69) (81) (55)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (11) (11) (11)
Other assets and liabilities (66) (84) 31 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 471 462 501 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (874) (843) (773)
Other investing activities 3 (1) — 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (871) (844) (773)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 124 140 (47)
Issuance of long-term debt 625 275 300 
Retirement of long-term debt (310) — (3)
Dividends paid on common stock (463) (268) (232)
Contributions from parent 465 244 262 
Other financing activities (10) (6) (6)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 431 385 274 
Increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 31 3 2 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 68 65 63 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 99 $ 68 $ 65 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 65 $ 30 $ 1 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
145
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 45 $ 34 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54 34 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 351 277
Customer allowance for credit losses (47) (37)
Customer accounts receivable, net 304 240 
Other accounts receivable 180 160
Other allowance for credit losses (25) (16)
Other accounts receivable, net 155 144 
Inventories, net 135 119 
Regulatory assets 235 213 
Other 53 25 
Total current assets 981 809 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$4,067  and $ 3,875  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 8,794  8,104  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 437 532 
Investments 119 120 
Prepaid pension asset 273 279 
Other 53 59 
Total deferred debits and other assets 882 990 
Total assets $ 10,657  $ 9,903  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
146
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 299 $ 175 
Long-term debt due within one year 4 313 
Accounts payable 382 272 
Accrued expenses 125 160 
Payables to af filiates 34 59 
Customer deposits 39 35 
Regulatory liabilities 6 14 
Merger related obligation 26 27 
Other 93 55 
Total current liabilities 1,008  1,110  
Long-term debt 3,747  3,132  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,382  1,275  
Regulatory liabilities 455 549 
Asset retirement obligations 39 45 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — 3 
Other 244 314 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,120  2,186  
Total liabilities 6,875  6,428  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 0.01 par value, 200 shares authorized, 0 shares  outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021) 2,767  2,302  
Retained earnings 1,015  1,173  
Total shareholder's equity 3,782  3,475  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 10,657  $ 9,903  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 100 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
147
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,796  $ 1,111  $ 2,907  
Net income — 266 266 
Common stock dividends — (232) (232)
Contributions from parent 262 — 262 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 2,058  $ 1,145  $ 3,203  
Net income — 296 296 
Common stock dividends — (268) (268)
Contributions from parent 244 — 244 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 2,302  $ 1,173  $ 3,475  
Net income — 305 305 
Common stock dividends — (463) (463)
Contributions from parent 465 — 465 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 2,767  $ 1,015  $ 3,782  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
148
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 1,360  $ 1,191  $ 1,107  
Natural gas operating revenues 238 168 162 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (9) 14 (7)
Operating revenues from af filiates 6 7 9 
Total operating revenues 1,595  1,380  1,271  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 567 387 359 
Purchased fuel 129 73 69 
Purchased power from af filiates 10 79 75 
Operating and maintenance 183 183 208 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 166 162 153 
Depreciation and amortization 232 210 191 
Taxes other than income taxes 72 67 65 
Total operating expenses 1,359  1,161  1,120  
Operating income 236 219 151 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (66) (61) (61)
Other , net 13 12 10 
Total other income and (deductions) (53) (49) (51)
Income before income taxes 183 170 100 
Income taxes 14 42 (25)
Net income $ 169 $ 128 $ 125 
Comprehensive income $ 169 $ 128 $ 125 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
149
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 169 $ 128 $ 125 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 232 210 191 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 16 39 (13)
Other non-cash operating activities 29 3 51 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (59) 15 (34)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (10) (3) 8 
Inventories (11) (8) (5)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 19 16 4 
Collateral received, net 78 43 — 
Income taxes — 13 (25)
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (34) (43) (35)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (1) (1) — 
Other assets and liabilities (10) (27) 5 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 418 385 272 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (430) (429) (424)
Other investing activities 3 4 (3)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (427) (425) (427)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (34) 3 90 
Issuance of long-term debt 125 125 178 
Retirement of long-term debt — — (80)
Dividends paid on common stock (143) (147) (141)
Contributions from parent 147 120 112 
Other financing activities (5) (5) (2)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 90 96 157 
Increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 81 56 2 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 71 15 13 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 152 $ 71 $ 15 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 23 $ (18)$ 20 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
150
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 31 $ 28 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 121 43 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 204 149
Customer allowance for credit losses (21) (18)
Customer accounts receivable, net 183 131 
Other accounts receivable 52 58
Other allowance for credit losses (7) (8)
Other accounts receivable, net 45 50 
Receivables from af filiates — 1 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 18 11 
Materials and supplies 58 54 
Prepaid utility taxes 23 20 
Regulatory assets 80 68 
Other 14 16 
Total current assets 573 422 
Property , plant, and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,772  and $ 1,635  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 4,820  4,560  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 202 212 
Prepaid pension asset 153 157 
Other 54 61 
Total deferred debits and other assets 409 430 
Total assets $ 5,802  $ 5,412  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
151
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 115 $ 149 
Long-term debt due within one year 584 83 
Accounts payable 172 131 
Accrued expenses 41 40 
Payables to af filiates 22 33 
Customer deposits 29 28 
Regulatory liabilities 44 25 
Other 136 59 
Total current liabilities 1,143  548 
Long-term debt 1,354  1,727  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 869 803 
Regulatory liabilities 380 441 
Asset retirement obligations 13 16 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 9 11 
Other 84 89 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 1,355  1,360  
Total liabilities 3,852  3,635  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 2.25 par value, 0 shares  authorized, 0 shares  outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 1,356  1,209  
Retained earnings 594 568 
Total shareholder's equity 1,950  1,777  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 5,802  $ 5,412  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,000 authorized and 1,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.(a) (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
152
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 977 $ 603 $ 1,580  
Net income — 125 125 
Common stock dividends — (141) (141)
Contributions from parent 112 — 112 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,089  $ 587 $ 1,676  
Net income — 128 128 
Common stock dividends — (147) (147)
Contributions from parent 120 — 120 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 1,209  $ 568 $ 1,777  
Net income — 169 169 
Common stock dividends — (143) (143)
Contributions from parent 147 — 147 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 1,356  $ 594 $ 1,950  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
153
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 1,448  $ 1,362  $ 1,253  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (19) 24 (12)
Operating revenues from af filiates 2 2 4 
Total operating revenues 1,431  1,388  1,245  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 622 677 596 
Purchased power from af filiate 2 17 13 
Operating and maintenance 189 179 192 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 142 141 134 
Depreciation and amortization 261 179 180 
Taxes other than income taxes 9 8 8 
Total operating expenses 1,225  1,201  1,123  
Gain on sales of assets — — 2 
Operating income 206 187 124 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (66) (58) (59)
Other , net 11 4 6 
Total other income and (deductions) (55) (54) (53)
Income before income taxes 151 133 71 
Income taxes 3 (13) (41)
Net income $ 148 $ 146 $ 112 
Comprehensive income $ 148 $ 146 $ 112 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
154
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 148 $ 146 $ 112 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 261 179 180 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (2) (15) (37)
Other non-cash operating activities 46 — 36 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (19) (37) (55)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (4) 4 6 
Inventories (7) 1 (3)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (9) 3 5 
Collateral received, net 46 4 — 
Income taxes 11 — (1)
Regulatory assets and liabilities, net (19) 24 (42)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (7) (3) (2)
Other assets and liabilities (61) (11) — 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 384 295 199 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (398) (445) (401)
Other investing activities 1 1 6 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (397) (444) (395)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (144) (43) 117 
Issuance of long-term debt 175 425 123 
Retirement of long-term debt — (260) (44)
Dividends paid on common stock (145) (288) (114)
Contributions from parent 175 319 117 
Other financing activities (5) (5) (1)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 56 148 198 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 43 (1) 2 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 29 30 28 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 72 $ 29 $ 30 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 48 $ (18)$ 33 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
155
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 72 $ 29 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 179 190
Customer allowance for credit losses (41) (49)
Customer accounts receivable, net 138 141 
Other accounts receivable 70 76
Other allowance for credit losses (14) (15)
Other accounts receivable, net 56 61 
Receivables from af filiates 1 2 
Inventories, net 43 36 
Regulatory assets 130 61 
Other 3 3 
Total current assets 443 333 
Property , plant, and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,551  and $ 1,420  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 3,990  3,729  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 494 430 
Prepaid pension asset 18 27 
Other 34 37 
Total deferred debits and other assets 546 494 
Total assets $ 4,979  $ 4,556  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
156
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ — $ 144 
Long-term debt due within one year 3 3 
Accounts payable 206 165 
Accrued expenses 47 44 
Payables to af filiates 26 31 
Customer deposits 21 18 
Regulatory liabilities 26 28 
PPA termination obligation 87 — 
Other 58 12 
Total current liabilities 474 445 
Long-term debt 1,754  1,579  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 734 682 
Regulatory liabilities 156 214 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 8 12 
Other 100 49 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 998 957 
Total liabilities 3,226  2,981  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 3.00 par value, 25 shares authorized, 9 shares outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021) 1,765  1,590  
Retained deficit (12) (15)
Total shareholder's equity 1,753  1,575  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 4,979  $ 4,556  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
157
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common StockRetained Earnings
(Deficit)Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,154  $ 129 $ 1,283  
Net income — 112 112 
Common stock dividends — (114) (114)
Contributions from parent 117 — 117 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,271  $ 127 $ 1,398  
Net income — 146 146 
Common stock dividends — (288) (288)
Contributions from parent 319 — 319 
Balance, December 31, 2021 $ 1,590  $ (15)$ 1,575  
Net income — 148 148 
Common stock dividends — (145) (145)
Contributions from parent 175 — 175 
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 1,765  $ (12)$ 1,753  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
158
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
1. Significant Accounting Policies (All Registrants)
Description of Business (All Registrants)
Exelon is a utility services holding company enga ged in the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
On Februar y 21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation. The
separation was completed on February 1, 2022, creating two publicly traded companies, Exelo n and Constellation. See Note 2 —
Discontinued Operations for additional information.
Name of Registrant   Business   Service Territories
Commonwealth Edison Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of
Philadelphia (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customersPennsylvania counties surrounding the City of
Philadelphia (natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and Electric
CompanyPurchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore
(electricity and natural gas)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL, and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Potomac Electric Power Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia, and major portions of
Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties,
Maryland.
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power &  Light
CompanyPurchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural
gas)
Atlantic City Electric Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Basis of Presentation (All Registrants)
This is a combined annual report of all Registrants. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to the Registrants as
indicated parenthetically next to each corresponding disclosure. When appropriate, the Registrants are named specifically for their
related activities and disclosures. Each of the Registrant’ s Consolidated Financial Statements includes the accounts of its
subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated, except for the historical transactions between the Utility
Registrants and Generation for the purposes of presenting discontinued operations in all periods presented in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, human resources, financial, information technology , and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services at cost, including legal, finance, engineering, customer operations,
distribution and transmission planning, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations
unless otherwise disclosed.
As of Decem ber 31, 2022 and 2021, Exelon owned 100% of PECO,  BGE, and PHI and more than 99% of ComEd . PHI owns 100%
of Pepco, DPL, and ACE. As of December 31, 2021, Exelon owned 100% of Generation. As of February 1, 2022, as a result of the
completion of the separation, Exelon no longer owns any interest in Generation. The separation of Constellation, including
Generation and its subsidiaries, meets the
159
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
criteria for discontinued operations and as such , its results of operations are presented as discontinued operations and have been
excluded from continuing operations for all periods presented. Accounting rules require that certain BSC costs previously allocated
to Generation be presen ted as part of Exelon’ s continuing operations as these costs do not qualify as expenses of the discontinued
operations. Comprehensive income, shareholders' equity , and cash flows related to Generation have not been segregated and are
included in the Consoli dated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Shareholders’  Equity , and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, respectively , for all periods presented. See Note 2 —
Discontinued Operations for additional information.
The accompanying consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for annual financial statements
and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.
COVID-19 (All Registrants)
The Registrants have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbre ak (pandemic) of the 2019 novel
coronavirus (COVID-19). The Registrants provide a critical service to their customers and have taken measures to keep employees
who operate the busines s safe and minimize unnecessary risk of exposure to the virus, includi ng extra precautions for employees
who work in the field. The Registrants have implemented work from home policies where appropriate and imposed travel limitations
on employees.
Management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and accompanying notes, and the amounts of revenues
and expenses reported during the periods cove red by those financial statements and accompanying notes. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and through the date of this report, management assessed certain accounting matters that require consideration of
forecasted financial information, including, but not limited to, allowance for credit losses and the carrying value of goodwill and other
long-lived assets, in context with the information reasonably available and the unknown future impacts of COVID-19. The
Registrants' future assessment of the magnitude  and duration of COVID-19, as well as other factors, could result in material impacts
to their consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.
Use of Estimates (All Registrants)
The prepara tion of financial statements of each of the Registrants in conformity with GAAP  requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanyin g notes. Areas in which significant
estimates have been made include, but are not limited to, the accounting for pension and OPEB, unbilled energy revenues,
allowance for credit losses, inventory reserves , goodwill and long-lived asset impairment assessments, derivative instruments,
unamortized energy contracts, fixed asset depreciation, environmental costs and other loss contingencies, AROs, and taxes. Actual
results could dif fer from those estimates.
Prior Period Adjustments and Reclassifications (Exelon, PHI, ACE)
In the first quarter of 2022, management identi fied an error related to an overstatement of the regulatory liability associated with
ACE’ s mechanism to recover the cost of Transit ion Bonds issued in 2002 and 2003 by ACE Funding. Management has concluded
that the error was not material to previously issued financial statements for Exelon, PHI or ACE.
The error was corrected through a revision to ACE’s financial statements contained herein. The impact of the error correction was an
$8 million increase to ACE’ s opening Retained earnings as of January 1, 2021 with a corres ponding reduction to Regulatory
liabilities of $11 million and an increase to Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits of $3 million. The impact
of the error to ACE’ s Total operating revenues and Net income was less than $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
error did not impact net cash flows provided by operating activities, net cash flows used in investing activities or net cash flows
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The error was corrected  in the Exelon and PHI financial statements for the year ended Decemb er 31, 2022 as it was not material,
resulting in an increase to Net income of $ 8 million.
160
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Regulatory Accounting (All Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, the Registrants reflect the effects of cost-bas ed rate regulation in their financial
statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or products; and (3)
there is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The
Registrants account for their regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legisla tive guidance from the regulatory
authorities having jurisdiction, principally the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DEPSC, and NJBPU, under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized and the related expense or revenue is
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the recovery or refund included in customer rates. The
Registrants' regulatory assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date are probable of being recovered or settled in future rates. If
a separable portion of the Registrants' business was no longer able to meet the criteria discussed above, the affected entities would
be required to eliminate from their consolidated financial statements the effects of regulation for that portion, which could have a
material impact on their financial statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
With the exception of income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities, the Registrants classify  regulatory assets and liabilities with
a recovery or settlement period greater than one year as both current and noncurrent in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, with the
current portion represen ting the amount expecte d to be recovered from or refunded to customers over the next twelve-month period
as of the balance sheet date. Income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities are class ified entirely as noncurrent in the
Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets to align with the classification of the related deferred income tax balances.
The Registra nts treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial
statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and distinct event that has future
impacts on the parties af fected by the order .
Revenues (All Registrants)
Operating Revenues. The Registrants’  operating revenues generally consist of revenues from contracts with customers involving
the sale and delivery of power and natural gas and utility revenues from ARP. The Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with
customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange
for those goods or servi ces. The primary sources of revenue include regulated electric and natural gas tariff sales, distribution, and
transmission services. At the end of each month , the Registrants accrue an estimate for the unbilled amount of energy delivered or
services provided to customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by the MDPSC,
DCPSC, and/or NJBPU in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE,  Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP
revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are
probable of approval by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. The companies recognize all ARP revenues that
will be collected within 24 months of the end of the annual period in which they are recorded. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for
additional information.
Taxes Directly Imposed on Revenue-Producing Transactions. The Registrants collect certain taxes from customers such as
sales and gross receipts taxes, along with other taxes, surcharges, and fees, that are levied by state or local governments on the
sale or distribution of electricity and gas. Some  of these taxes are imposed on the customer , but paid by the Registrants, while
others are imposed on the Registrants. Where these taxes are imposed on the customer , such as sales taxes, they are reported on
a net basis with no impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. However , where these taxes
are imposed  on the Registrants, such as gross receipts taxes or other surcharges or fees, they are reported on a gross basis.
Accordingly , revenues are recognized for the taxes collected from customers along with an offsetting expense. See Note 22 —
Supplemental Financial Information for taxes that are presented on a gross basis.
161
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Leases (All Registrants)
The Registra nts recogni ze a ROU asset and lease liability for operating and finance leases with a term of greater than one year.
Operating lease ROU assets are included in Other deferred debits and other assets and operating lease liabilities are included in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance lease ROU
assets are included in Plant, property , and equipment, net and finance lease liabilities are include d in Long-term debt due within one
year and Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ROU asset is measured as the sum of (1) the present value of
all remaining  fixed and in-substance fixed payments using the rate implicit in the lease whenever  that is readily determinable or each
Registrant’ s incremental borrowing rate, (2) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date (less any lease
incentives received), and (3) any initial direct costs incurred. The lease liability is measured  the same as the ROU asset, but
excludes any payments  made before the commencement date and initial direct costs incurre d. Lease terms include options to
extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably  certain they will be exercised. The Registrants include non-lease components for
most asset classes, which are service-related costs that are not integral to the use of the asset, in the measurement of the ROU
asset and lease liability .
Expense for operating leases and leases with a term of one year or less is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease, unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the derivation of benefit from use of the leased
property . Variable lease payments are recognize d in the period in which the related obligation is incurred. Operating lease expense,
finance lease expense, and variable lease payments are primarily recorded to Operating and maintenance expense on the
Registrants’  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Income from operating leases, including subleases, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, unless another
systematic and rational basis is more represent ative of the pattern in which income is earned over the term of the lease. Variable
lease income is recogni zed in the period in which the related obligation is performed. Operating lease income and variable lease
income are recorded to Operating revenues on the Registrants’  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The Registrants’  operating and finance leases consist primarily of real estate including office buildings and vehicles and equipment.
The Registrants account for land right arrangem ents that provide for exclusive use as leases while shared use land arrangements
are generally not leases. The Registrants do not account for secondary use pole attachments as leases.
See Note 10 — Leases for additional information.
Income T axes (All Registrants)
Deferred federal and state income taxes are recorded on significant temporary differences between the book and tax basis of assets
and liabilities and for tax benefits carried forward. Investment tax credits have been deferred in the Registrants’  Consolidated
Balance Sheets and are recognized in book income over the life of the related property . The Registrants account for uncertain
income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach; a more-likely- than-not recognition criterion; and a
measurement approach  that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax positi on will be sustained on its technical
merits, no benefit is recorded. Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are
considered to have met the recognition threshold . The Registrants recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in
Interest expense, net or Other , net (interest income) and recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in Other , net in
their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
The Registrants consider investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
162
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent funds that are restricted to satisfy designated current liabilities. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Registrants' restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented the following items:
Registrant Description
Exelon Payment of medical, dental, vision, and long-term disability benefits, in addition to the items listed below for the Utility
Registrants.
ComEd Collateral held from suppliers associated with energy and REC procurement contracts, any over-recovered RPS costs and
alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA, and costs for the remediation of an MGP site.
PECO Proceeds from the sales of assets that were subject to PECO’s mortgage indenture.
BGE Proceeds from the loan program for the completion of certain energy efficiency measures and collateral held from energy
suppliers.
PHI Payment of merger commitments, collateral held from its energy suppliers associated with procurement contracts, and
repayment of Transition Bonds
Pepco Payment of merger commitments and collateral held from energy suppliers.
DPL Collateral held from energy suppliers.
ACE Repayment of Transition Bonds
__________
(a) As of December 31, 2021, the Transition Bonds were fully redeemed.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents not available to satisfy current liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Registrants ' noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented ComEd’ s
over-recovered RPS costs and alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA  and costs for the remediation
of an MGP  site.
See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements and Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivables (All Registrants)
The allowance for credit  losses reflects the Registrants’  best estimates of losses on the custom ers' accounts receivable balances
based on historical experience, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
The allowance for credit  losses is developed by applying loss rates for each Utility Registrant, based on historical loss experience,
current cond itions, and forward-looking risk factors, to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. Utility
Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. Adjustments to the allowance for
credit losses are prima rily recorded to Operating and maintenance expense on the Regist rants' Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income or Regulatory assets and liabilities on the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets. See
Note 3 - Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding the regulatory recovery of credit losses on customer accounts
receivable.
The Registrants have certain non-customer receivables in Other deferred debits and other assets which primarily are with
governmental agencies and other high-quality counterparties with no history of default. As such, the allowance for credit losses
related to these receiva bles is not material.  The Registrants monitor these balances and will record an allowance if there are
indicators of a decline in credit quality . See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable for additional information.
Inventories (All Registrants)
Inventory is recorded at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. Provisions are recorded for excess and obsolete
inventory . Fossil fuel and materials and supplie s are generally included in inventory when purchased. Fossil fuel is expensed to
Purchased power and fuel expense when used or sold. Materials and supplies generally includes transmission and distribution
materials and are expensed to Operating and maintenance or capitalized to Property , plant, and equipment, as appropriate, when
installed or used.(a)
(a)
163
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Property , Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
Property , plant, and equipment is recorded at original cost. Original cost includes construction-related direct labor and material costs
and indirect construction  costs including labor and related costs of departments associated with supporting construction activities.
When appropriate, original cost also includes AFUDC for regulated property at the Utility Registrants. The cost of repairs and
maintenance and minor replacements of property is charged to Operating and maintenance expense as incurred.
Third parties reimburse the Utility Registrants for all or a portion of expenditures for certain capital projects. Such contributions in aid
of construction costs (CIAC) are recorded as a reduction to Property , plant, and equipment, net.
Upon retirement, the cost of property , net of salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation  consistent with the composite and
group metho ds of depreciation. Depreciation expense at ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE includes the estimated cost of
dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement. Actual incurred removal costs are applied against a related regulatory
liability or recorded to a regulatory asset if in excess of previously collected removal costs. PECO’ s removal costs are capitalized to
accumulated depreciation when incurred and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent
with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method.
Capitalized Software. Certain costs, such as design, coding, and testing incurred during the application development stage of
software projects that are internally developed or purchased for operational use are capitalized within Property , plant, and
equipment. Similar costs incurred for cloud-based solutions treated as service arrangements are capitalized within Other Current
Assets and Deferred Debits and Other Assets . Such capitalized amounts are amortized ratably over the expected lives of the
projects when they become operational, gener ally not to exceed five years. Certain other capitalized software costs are being
amortized over longer lives based on the expected life or pursuant to prescribed regulatory requirements.
AFUDC. AFUDC is the cost, during the period of construction, of debt and equity funds used to financ e construction projects for
regulated operations. AFUDC is recorded to construction work in progress and as a non-cash credit to an allowance that is included
in interest expense for debt-related funds and other income and deductions for equity-related funds. The rates used for capitalizing
AFUDC are computed under a method prescribed by regulatory authorities.
See Note 7 — Property , Plant, and Equipment, Note 8 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant and Note 22 — Supplemental Financial
Information for additional information.
Depreciation and Amortization (All Registrants)
Depreciation is generally recorded over the estimated service lives of property , plant, and equip ment on a straight-line basis using
the group or composit e methods of depreciation. The group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have
approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for dissimilar assets that have different lives. Under both
methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE's depreciation expense includes the estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement, which is
consistent with each utility's regulatory recovery method. PECO's removal costs are capitalized  to accumulated depreciation when
incurred and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO's regulatory recovery
method. The estimated service lives for the Registrants are based on a combination of depreciation studies and historical
retirements. See Note 7 — Property , Plant, and Equipment for additional information regarding depreciation.
Amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded over the recovery or refund period specified in the related legislation or
regulatory order or agreement. When the recove ry or refund period is less than one year, amortization is recorded to the line item in
which the deferred cost or income would have originally been recorded in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income. Amortization of ComEd’ s electric distribution and energy efficiency  formula rate regulatory assets and
the Utility Registrants' transmission formula rate regulatory assets is recorded to Operating revenues.
Amortization of income tax related regulatory assets and liabilities is generally recorded to Income tax expense. Except for the
regulatory assets and liabilities discussed above, amortization is generally recorded to
164
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Depreciation and amortization in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income when the
recovery period is more than one year .
See Note 3 — Regulat ory Matters and Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information for additional information regarding the
amortization of the Registrants' regulatory assets.
Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
The Registrants estimate and recognize a liability for their legal obligation to perform asset retirement activities even though the
timing and/or methods of settlement may be conditional on future events. The Registrants update their AROs either annually or on a
rotational basis at least once every three years,  based on a risk profile, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. The
updates factor in new cost estimates, credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (CARFR) and escalation rates, and the timing of cash flows.
AROs are accreted throu ghout each year to reflect the time value of money for these present value obligations through an increase
to regulatory assets. See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information.
Guarantees (All Registrants)
If necessary , the Registrants recognize a liability at the time of issuance of a guarantee for the fair value of the obligations they have
undertaken by issuing the guarantee. The liability is reduced or eliminated as the Registrants are released from risk under the
guarantee. Depending on the nature of the guarantee, the release from risk of the Registrant  may be recognized only upon the
expiration or settlement of the guarantee or by a systematic and rational amortization method over the term of the guarantee. See
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.
Asset Impairments
Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants). The Registrants evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets for recoverability whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of
impairment may include specific regulatory disallowance, abandonment, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before
the end of its useful life. When the estimated  undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the long-lived asset may not be
recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset over its fair value.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, and PHI). Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the
net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortized but is assessed for impairment
at least annually or on an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair
value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. See Note 12 — Intangible Assets for additional information.
Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
Derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value unless they qualify for certain exceptions, including NPNS. For
derivatives that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges, changes in fair value each period are initially recorded in AOCI and
recognized in earnings when the underlying hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts recognized in earnings are recorded in
Interest expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income based on the activity the transaction
is economically hedging.  Cash inflows  and outflows related to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are included
as a compo nent of operating, investing, or finan cing cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, depending on the
nature of each transaction.
For derivatives intended to serve as economic hedges, which are not designated for hedge accounting, changes in fair value each
period are recognized in earnings or as a regula tory asset or liability each period. Amounts recognized in earnings are recorded in
Electric operating revenues, Purchased power and fuel, or Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income based on the activity the transaction is economically hedging. Changes  in fair value are also recorded as a
regulatory asset or liabili ty when there is an ability to recover or return the associated costs or benefits in accordance with regulatory
requirements. Cash inflows and outflows related  to derivative instruments are included as a component of operating, investing, or
financing cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, depending on the
165
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
nature of the hedged item. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional
information.
Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for substantially all current employees.
The plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under these plans are measured as of December 31. The measurement
involves various factors, assumptions, and accounting elections. The impact of assumption changes or experience different from that
assumed on pension and OPEB obligations is recognized over time rather than immediately recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Gains or losses in excess of the greater of ten percent of the projected
benefit oblig ation or the MRV of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
See Note 14 — Retirement Benefits for additional information.
2. Discontinued Operations (Exelon)
On February  21, 2021, Exelon's Board of Directors approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies ("the separation"). Exelon completed the separation on February 1, 2022, through the distribution of
326,663,937  common stock shares of Constellation, the new publicly traded company , to Exelon shareholders. Under the separation
plan, Exelon shareholders retained their current  shares of Exelon stock and received one share of Constellation common stock for
every three shares of Exelon common stock held on January 20, 2022, the record date for the distribution, in a transaction that was
tax-free to Exelon and its shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Constellation was newly formed and incorpora ted in Pennsylvania on June 15, 2021 for the purposes of separation and holds
Generation (including Generation's subsidiaries).
Pursuant to the separation:
•Exelon entered into four term loans consisting of a 364-day term loan for $1.15 billion and three 18-month term loans for
$300 million, $300 million and $250 million, respectively . Exelon issued these term loans primarily to fund the cash payment
to Constellation and for general corporate purposes. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information.
•Exelon made a cash payment of $ 1.75 billion to Constellation on January 31, 2022.
•Exelon contributed its equity ownership intere st in Generation to Constellation. Exelon no longer retains any equity
ownership interest in Generation or Constellation.
•Exelon transferred certain corporate assets and employee-related obligations to Constellation.
•Exelon received cash from Generation of $258 million to settle the intercompany loan on January 31, 2022. See Note 16 —
Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information.
Continuing Involvement
In order to govern the ongoing relationships between Exelon and Constellation after the separation, and to facilitate an orderly
transition, Exelon and Constellation have entered into several agreements, including the following:
•Separation Agreement – governs the rights and obligations between Exelon and Constellation regarding certain actions to
be taken in connection with the separation, among others, including the allocation of assets and liabilities between Exelon
and Constellation.
•Transition Services Agreement (TSA) – govern s the terms and conditions of the services that Exelon will provide to
Constellation and Constellation will provide to Exelon for an expected period of two years, provided that certain services
may be longer than the term and services may be extended with approval from both parties. The services include specified
accounting, finance, information technology , human resources, employee benefits, and other services that have historically
been provide d on a centralized basis by BSC. For the period from February 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the amounts
Exelon billed
166
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Discontinued Operations
Constellation and Constellation billed Exelon for these services were $266 million recorded in Other income, net and
$43 million recorded in Operating and maintenance expense, respectively .
•Tax Matters Agreement (TMA) – governs the respective rights, responsibilities and obligations of Exelon and Constellation
with respect to all tax matters, including tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax returns, tax contests and other tax
sharing regarding U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes, other tax matters and relate d tax returns. See Note 13
— Income Taxes for additional Information.
In addition, the Utility Registrants will continue to incur expenses from transactions with Conste llation after the separation. Prior to
the separation, such expenses were primarily recorded as Purchased power from affiliates and an immaterial amount recorded as
Operating and maintenance expense from affiliates at the Utility Registrants. After the separation, such expenses are primarily
recorded as Purchased power and an immaterial amount recorded as Operating and maintenance expense at the Utility Registrants.
•ComEd had an ICC-approved RFP contract with Constellation to provide a portion of ComEd’ s electric supply requirements.
ComEd also purchased RECs and ZECs from Constellation.
•PECO recei ved electric  supply from Constellat ion under contracts executed through PECO’ s competitive procurement
process. In addition, PECO had a ten-year agreement with Constellation to sell solar AECs.
•BGE received a portion of its energy requirements from Constellation under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and
gas commodity programs.
•Pepco received electric supply from Constellation under contracts executed through Pepco’ s competitive procurement
process approved by the MDPSC and DCPSC.
•DPL received a portion of its energy requirements from Constellation under its MDPSC and DEPSC approved market-
based SOS commodity programs.
•ACE receive d electric supply from Constellation under contracts executed through ACE’ s compe titive procurement process
approved by the NJBPU.
ComEd and PECO also have receivables with Constellation for estimated excess funds at the end of decommissioning the
Regulatory Agreement Units, such amounts are due back to ComEd and PECO, as applicable, for payment to their respective
customers. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 23 — Related Party Transactions for additional information.
Discontinued Operations
The separation represented a strategic shift that would have a major effect on Exelon’ s operations and financial results. Accordingly ,
the separation meets the criteria for discontinued operations.
The following table presents the results of Constellation that have been reclassified from continuing operations and included in
discontinued operations  within Exelon’ s Consol idated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
These results are primarily Generation, which is comprised of Exelon’ s Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT , and Other Power
Regions reportable segments, and include the impact of transaction costs, certain BSC costs, including any transition costs, that
were historic ally allocated and directly attributable to Generation, transactions between Generation and the Utility Registrants, and
tax-related adjustments. Transaction costs include costs for external bankers, accountants, appraisers, lawyers, external counsels
and other advisors, among others, who were involved in the negotiation, appraisal, due dilige nce and regulatory approval of the
separation. Transition costs are primarily employee-related costs such as recruitment expenses, costs to establish certain stand-
alone functions and information technology systems, professional services fees, and other separation-related costs during the
transition to separate Generation. For the purposes of reporting discontinued operations, these results also include transactions
between Generation and the Utility Registrants that were historically eliminated within Exelon’s Consolidated Statements of
Operations, as these transactions will be ongoing after the separation. Certain BSC costs that were historically allocated to
Generation are presented as part of continuing operations in
167
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Discontinued Operations
Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations as these costs do not qualify as expenses of the discontinued operations per the
accounting rules.
For the Years Ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020
Operating revenues
Competitive business revenues $ 1,855  $ 18,466  $ 16,399  
Competitive business revenues from af filiates 161 1,189  1,206  
Total operating revenues 2,016  19,655  17,605  
Operating expenses
Competitive businesses purchased power and fuel 1,138  12,163  9,585  
Operating and maintenance 371 4,174  4,794  
Depreciation and amortization 94 3,003  2,123  
Taxes other than income taxes 44 475 482 
Total operating expenses 1,647  19,815  16,984  
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 10 201 11 
Operating income 379 41 632 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (20) (282) (328)
Other , net (281) 795 937 
Total other (deductions) and income (301) 513 609 
Income before income taxes 78 554 1,241  
Income taxes (40) 332 380 
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (1) (9) (6)
Net income 117 213 855 
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 123 (9)
Net income from discontinued operations $ 116 $ 90 $ 864 
__________
(a)Includes transaction and transition costs related to the separation of $52 million and $43 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. There were no separation related costs incurred in 2020. See discussion above for additional information.
There were no assets and liabilities of discontinu ed operations included in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31,
2022. Const ellation had net assets of $11,573  million that separated on February 1, 2022 that resulted in a reduction to Exelon's
equity during  the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to the Distribution of Constellation line in Exelon's Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for further information.
The followin g table presents the assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December 31, 2021.(a)
168
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Discontinued Operations
December 31, 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 510 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 72 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 1,724
Customer allowance for credit losses (55)
Customer accounts receivable, net 1,669  
Other accounts receivable 596
Other allowance for credit losses (4)
Other accounts receivable, net 592 
Mark-to-market derivative assets 2,169  
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 284 
Materials and supplies 1,004  
Renewable energy credits 529 
Assets held for sale 13 
Other 993 
Total current assets of discontinued operations 7,835  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $ 15,888 ) 19,661  
Deferred debits and other assets
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 15,938  
Investments 193 
Mark-to-market derivative assets 949 
Other 1,768  
Total property , plant, and equipment, deferred debits, and other assets of discontinued
operations 38,509  
Total assets of discontinued operations $ 46,344  
169
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Discontinued Operations
December 31, 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 2,082  
Long-term debt due within one year 1,220  
Accounts payable 1,757  
Accrued expenses 818 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 981 
Renewable energy credit obligation 779 
Liabilities held for sale 3 
Other 300 
Total current liabilities of discontinued operations 7,940  
Long-term debt 4,575  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 3,583  
Asset retirement obligations 12,819  
Pension obligations 939 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 876 
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,210  
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 513 
Other 1,161  
Total long-term debt, deferred credits, and other liabilities of discontinued operations 25,676  
Total liabilities of discontinued operations $ 33,616  
The following table presents selected financial information regarding cash flows of the discontinued operations that are included
within Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
For the Years Ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020
Non-cash items included in net income from discontinued operations:
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy
contract amortization $ 207 $ 4,540  $ 3,636  
Asset impairments — 545 563 
Loss (gain) on sales of assets and businesses 9 (201) (11)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (143) (224) 94 
Net fair value changes related to derivatives (59) (568) (270)
Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on NDT  fund investments 205 (586) (461)
Net unrealized losses (gains) on equity investments 16 160 (186)
Other decommissioning-related activity 36 (946) (659)
Cash flows from investing activities:
Capital expenditures (227) (1,341 ) (1,759 )
Collection of DPP 169 3,902  3,771  
Supplemental cash flow information:
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid (128) 96 (88)
Increase in DPP 348 3,652  4,441  
Increase in PP&E related to ARO update 335 618 850 
170
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
3.  Regulatory Matters (All Registrants)
The following matters below discuss the status of material regulatory and legislative proceedings of the Registrants.
Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The following tables show the completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2022.
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested
Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseApproved
Revenue
Requirement
IncreaseApproved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - IllinoisApril 16, 2021 Electric $ 51 $ 46 7.36%December 1,
2021January 1,
2022
April 15, 2022 Electric 199 199 7.85%November 17,
2022January 1,
2023
PECO -
PennsylvaniaMarch 30, 2021 Electric 246 132 
N/ANovember 18,
2021January 1,
2022
March 31, 2022Natural
Gas82 55 October 27,
2022January 1,
2023
BGE - MarylandMay 15, 2020
(amended
September 11,
2020)Electric 203 140 9.50%December 16,
2020January 1,
2021 Natural
Gas108 74 9.65%
Pepco - District of
ColumbiaMay 30, 2019
(amended June 1,
2020)Electric 136 109 9.275 % June 8, 2021 July 1, 2021
Pepco - MarylandOctober 26, 2020
(amended March
31, 2021)Electric 104 52 9.55% June 28, 2021June 28,
2021
DPL - MarylandSeptember 1, 2021
(amended
December 23,
2021)Electric 27 13 9.60% March 2, 2022March 2,
2022
May 19, 2022 Electric 38 29 9.60%December 14,
2022January 1,
2023
DPL - DelawareJanuary 14, 2022
(amended August
15, 2022)Natural
Gas13 8 9.60%October 12,
2022August 14,
2022
ACE - New
JerseyDecember 9, 2020
(amended
February 26, 2021)Electric 67 41 9.60% July 14, 2021January 1,
2022
__________
(a)Pursuant to EIMA and FEJA, ComEd’s electric distribution rates are established through a performance-based formula, which sunsets at the end
of 2022. See discussion of CEJA below for details on the transition away from the electric distribution formula rate. The electric distribution
formula rate includes decoupling provisions and, as a result, ComEd's electric distribution formula rate revenues are not impacted by abnormal
weather, usage per customer, or number of customers. Under the performance-based formula, ComEd filed annual updates to its electric
distribution formula rate on or before May 1, with resulting rates effective in January of the following year. ComEd’s annual electric distribution
formula rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). The
update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred from the year
(annual reconciliation).(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
st
171
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
ComEd’s 2022 approved revenue requirement reflects an increase of $37 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2022 and an
increase of $9 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2020. The revenue requirement for 2022 provides for a weighted average debt and
equity return on distribution rate base of 5.72% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.36%, reflecting the monthly average yields for 30-year treasury
bonds plus 580 basis points. The reconciliation revenue requirement for 2020 provides for a weighted average debt and equity return on
distribution rate base of 5.69%, inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.29%, reflecting the monthly yields on 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis
points less a performance metrics penalty of 7 basis points.
ComEd’s 2023 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $144 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2023 and
an increase of $55 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2021. The revenue requirement for 2023 provides for a weighted average debt
and equity return on distribution rate base of 5.94% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.85%, reflecting the monthly average yields for 30-year
treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. The reconciliation revenue requirement for 2021 provides for a weighted average debt and equity return
on distribution rate base of 5.91%, inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.78%, reflecting the monthly yields on 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis
points less a performance metrics penalty of 7 basis points. This is ComEd's last performance-based electric distribution formula rate update
filing under EIMA. See discussion of CEJA below for details on the transition away from the electric distribution formula rate.
(b)The PECO electric and natural gas base rate case proceedings were resolved through settlement agreements, which did not specify an
approved ROE.
(c)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for 2021 through 2023. BGE proposed to use certain tax benefits to fully offset the increases in
2021 and 2022 and partially offset the increase in 2023. The MDPSC awarded BGE electric revenue requirement increases of $59 million,
$39 million, and $42 million, before offsets, in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively, and natural gas revenue requirement increases of $53 million,
$11 million, and $10 million, before offsets, in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. However, the MDPSC utilized the tax benefits to fully offset
the increases in 2021 and January 2022 such that customer rates remained unchanged. For the remainder of 2022, the MDPSC chose to offset
only 25% of the cumulative 2021 and 2022 electric revenue requirement increases and 50% of the cumulative gas revenue requirement
increases. In 2021, the MDPSC deferred a decision on whether to use certain tax benefits to offset the revenue requirement increases in 2023
and directed BGE to make another proposal at the end of 2022. In September 2022 BGE proposed that tax benefits not be used to offset the
2023 revenue requirement increases. On October 26, 2022, the MDPSC accepted BGE's recommendation to not use tax benefits to offset the
2023 revenue requirement increases.
(d)Reflects a cumulative multi-year plan with 18-months remaining in 2021 through 2022. The DCPSC awarded Pepco electric incremental
revenue requirement increases of $42 million and $67 million, before offsets, for 2021 and 2022, respectively. However, the DCPSC utilized the
acceleration of refunds for certain tax benefits along with other rate relief to partially offset the customer rate increases by $22 million and
$40 million for 2021 and 2022, respectively.
(e)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for April 1, 2021 through March 31, 2024. The MDPSC awarded Pepco electric incremental
revenue requirement increases of $21 million, $16 million, and $15 million, before offsets, for the 12-month periods ending March 31, 2022,
2023, and 2024, respectively. Pepco proposed to utilize certain tax benefits to fully offset the increase through 2023 and partially offset customer
rate increases in 2024. However, the MDPSC only utilized the acceleration of refunds for certain tax benefits to fully offset the increases such
that customer rates remain unchanged through March 31, 2022. On February 23, 2022, the MDPSC chose to offset 25% of the cumulative
revenue requirement increase through March 31, 2023. Whether certain tax benefits will be used to offset the customer rate increases for the
twelve months ended March 31, 2024 has not been decided, and Pepco cannot predict the outcome.
(f)The approved settlement reflects a 9.60% ROE, which is solely for the purposes of calculating AFUDC and regulatory asset carrying costs.
(g)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025. The MDPSC awarded DPL electric
incremental revenue requirement increases of $17 million, $6 million, and $6 million for 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively.
(h)Requested and approved increases are before New Jersey sales and use tax. The order allows ACE to retain approximately $11 million of
certain tax benefits which resulted in a decrease to income tax expense in Exelon's, PHI's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income in the third quarter of 2021.
172
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
ComEd - Illinois January 17, 2023 Electric $ 1,472  10.50 % to
10.65 %Fourth quarter of 2023
DPL - Delaware December 15, 2022 Electric 60 10.50 %Second quarter of
2024
__________
(a)Reflects a four-year cumulative MRP for January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2027 and total requested revenue requirement increases of $877
million effective January 1, 2024, $175 million effective January 1, 2025, $217 million effective January 1, 2026, and $203 million effective
January 1, 2027, based on forecasted revenue requirements. The revenue requirement will provide for a weighted average debt and equity
return on distribution rate base of 7.43% in 2024, 7.50% in 2025, 7.62% in 2026, and 7.70% in 2027, inclusive of an allowed ROE of 10.50% in
2024, 10.55% in 2025, 10.60% in 2026, and 10.65% in 2027. The requested revenue requirements are based on capital structures that reflect
between 50.58% and 51.19% common equity. ComEd’s MRP also includes a proposed rate phase-in to defer approximately $307 million of the
$877 million year-over-year increase for 2024 revenue from 2024 to 2026.
(b)The rates will go into effect on July 15, 2023, subject to refund.
Transmission Formula Rates
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are each established based on a FERC-approved formula. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE are required to file an annual update to the FERC-approved formula on or before May 15, and PECO is required to file on
or before May 31, with the resulting rates effective on June 1 of the same year. The annual update for ComEd is based on prior year
actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). The update for ComEd also reconciles
any differences between the revenue requireme nt in effect beginning June 1 of the prior year and actual costs incurred for that year
(annual reconciliation). The annual update for PECO is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions,
accumulated depreciatio n, and accumulated deferred income taxes. The annual update for BGE , Pepco, DPL, and ACE is based on
prior year actual costs and current year proje cted capital additions, accumulated depreciation, depreciation and amortization
expense, and accumulated deferred income taxes. The update for PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE also reconciles any
differences between the actual costs and actual revenues for the calendar year (annual reconciliation).
For 2022, the following total increases/(decreases) were included in the Utility Registrants'  electric transmission formula rate
updates:
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement IncreaseAnnual Reconciliation
(Decrease) IncreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement IncreaseAllowed Return on Rate
Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 24 $ (24)$ — 8.11 % 11.50  %
PECO 23 16 39 7.30 % 10.35  %
BGE 25 (4) 16 (d)7.30 % 10.50  %
Pepco 16 15 31 7.60 % 10.50  %
DPL 9 2 11 7.09 % 10.50  %
ACE 21 13 34 7.18 % 10.50  %
__________
(a)All rates are effective June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2023, subject to review by interested parties pursuant to review protocols of each Utility
Registrants' tariff.
(b)Represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases. For ComEd and PECO, the common equity component of
the ratio used to calculate the weighted average debt and equity return on the transmission formula rate base is currently capped at 55% and
55.75%, respectively.
(c)The rate of return on common equity for each Utility Registrant includes a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO.
(d)The increase in BGE's transmission revenue requirement includes a $5 million reduction related to a FERC-approved dedicated facilities charge
to recover the costs of providing transmission service to specifically designated load by BGE.(a)
(b)
(a) (b) (c)
173
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Other State Regulatory Matters
Illinois Regulatory Matters
CEJA  (Exel on and ComEd). On Septemb er 15, 2021, the Governor of Illinois signed into law CEJA. CEJA  includes, among other
features, (1) procurement of CMCs from qualifying nuclear-powered generating facilities, (2) a requirement to file a general rate case
or a new four-year MRP  no later than January 20, 2023 to establish rates effective after ComEd’ s existing performance-based
distribution formula rate sunsets, (3) an extension of and certain adjustments to ComEd’ s energ y efficiency MWh savings goals, (4)
revisions to the Illinois RPS requirements, including expanded charges for the procurement of RECs from wind and solar generation,
(5) a requirement to accelerate amortization of ComEd’ s unprotected excess deferred income taxes (EDIT) that ComEd was
previously directed by the ICC to amortize using  the average rate assumption method which equates to approximately 39.5 years,
and (6) requirements that ComEd and the ICC initiate and conduct various regulatory proceedings on subjects including ethics,
spending, grid investments, and performance metrics. Regulatory or legal challenges regarding the validity or implementation of
CEJA  are possible and Exelon and ComEd cannot reasonably predict the outcome of any such challenges.
ComEd Electric Distribution Rates
ComEd filed, and receiv ed approval for, its last performance-based electric distribution formula rate update filing under EIMA  in
2022; those rates are in ef fect throughout 2023.
On February 3, 2022, the ICC approved a tariff that establishes the process under which Com Ed will reconcile its 2022 and 2023
rate year revenue requir ements with actual costs. Those reconciliation amounts will be determined using the same process as were
used for prior reconciliations under the performance-based electric distribution formula rate. Using that process, for the rate years
2022 and 2023 ComEd will ultimately collect revenues from customers reflecting each year’s actual recoverable costs, year-end rate
base, and a weighted average debt and equity  return on distribution rate base, with the ROE component based on the annual
average of the monthly yields of the 30-year U.S. Treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. ComEd will in 2023 file with the ICC the first
such petition  to reconcile its 2022 actual costs with the approved revenue requirement that was in effect in 2022. The rate year 2023
reconciliation will be filed in 2024.
Beginning in 2024, Com Ed will recover from retail customers, subject to certain exceptions, the costs it incurs to provide electric
delivery services either through its electric distribution rate or other recovery mechanisms authorized by CEJA. On January 17,
2023, ComE d filed a petition with the ICC seeking approval of a MRP  for 2024-2027. The MRP  supports a multi-year grid plan (Grid
Plan), also filed on January 17, covering planned investments on the electric distribution system within ComEd’ s service area
through 2027. Costs incurred during each year of the multi-year plan are subject to ICC review and the plan’ s revenue requirement
for each year will be reconciled with the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred for that year.
The reconciliation is subject to adjustment for certain costs, including a limitation on recovery of costs that are more than 105% of
certain costs in the previously approved MRP  revenue requirement, absent a modification of the rate plan itself. Thus, for example,
the rate adjustments necessary to reconcile 2024 revenues to ComEd’ s actual 2024 costs incurred would take effect in January
2026 after the ICC’s review during 2025. The ICC must issue its decision on both the MRP  and Grid Plan by mid-December 2023,
for rates to begin with the January 2024 billing cycle.
In January 2022, ComE d filed a request with the ICC proposing performance metrics that would be used in determining ROE
incentives and penalties in the event ComEd filed a MRP  in January 2023. On September 27, 2022, the ICC issued a final order
approving seven performance metrics that provid e symmetrical performance adjustments of 32 total basis points to Com Ed’s rate of
return on common equity  based on the extent to which ComEd achieves the annual performance  goals. On November 10, 2022, the
ICC granted ComEd's application for rehearing, in part. Rehearing on those issues must conclude by April 9, 2023. It is unclear if
rehearing will result in modifications to the ICC-approved performance and tracking metrics. Com Ed will make its initial filing in 2025
to assess performance achieved under the metrics in 2024, and to determine any ROE adjustment, which would take ef fect in 2026.
Carbon Mitigation Credit
CEJA  establishes decarbonization requirements for Illinois as well as programs to support the retention and development of
emissions-free sources of electricity . ComEd is required to purchase CMCs from participating
174
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
nuclear-powered generating facilities between June 1, 2022 and May 31, 2027. The price to be paid for each CMC was established
through a competitive bidding process that included consumer-protection measures that capped the maximum acceptable bid
amount and a formula that reduces CMC prices by an energy price index, the base residual auction capacity price in the ComEd
zone of PJM, and the monetized value of any federal tax credit or other subsidy if applicable. The consumer protection measures
contained in CEJA  will result in net payments to ComEd ratepayers if the energy index, the capa city price and applicable federal tax
credits or subsidy exceed the CMC contract price. ComEd began issuing credits to its retail customers under its new CMC rider in
the June 2022 billing period and recorded a regulatory asset of $843 million as of December 31, 2022 for the difference between
customer credits issued and the credit to be received from the participating nuclear-powered generating facilities.
Under CEJA , the costs of procuring CMCs will be recovered through a new rider, the Rider Carbon-Free Resource Adjustment
(Rider CFRA). The Rider CFRA  provides for an annual reconciliation and true-up to actual costs incurred or credits received by
ComEd to purchase CMCs, with any difference to be credited to or collected from ComEd’ s retail customers in subsequent periods.
The differen ce between the net payments to (or receivables from) ComEd ratepayers and the credits received by ComEd to
purchase CMCs is recorded to Purchased Power expense with an offset to the regulatory  asset (or regulatory liability). On
December 21, 2022, Com Ed filed a supplementa l statement to the Rider CFRA  proposing that the company recover costs or provide
credits faster than the tariff allows, implement monthly reconciliations, and allow the Company to adjust Rider CFRA  rates based not
only on anticipated differences but also past payments or credits. The ICC approved the proposa l on January 19, 2023. If the revised
CFRA  tariff were in effect as of the balance sheet date, the current portion of the CMC regulatory asset balance would have
increased by $ 117 million as of December 31, 2022, with an of fsetting reduction in the noncurrent regulatory asset balance.
Excess Deferred Income T axes
The ICC initiated a docket to accelerate and fully credit to customers TCJA  unprotected property-related EDIT  no later than
December 31, 2025. On July 7, 2022, the ICC issued a final order on the schedule for the acceleration of EDIT  amortization,
adopting the proposal as submitted by several parties, including ComEd, ICC Staff, the Illinois  Attorney General's Office, and the
Citizens Utility Board. EDIT  amortization will be credited to customers through a new rider from January 1, 2023 through December
31, 2025.
Beneficial Electrification Plan
On July 1, 2022, ComEd  filed a proposed plan to promote beneficial electrification efforts in its Northern Illinois service area with the
ICC as required by CEJA. ComEd's plan is designed to meaningfully reduce barriers to beneficial electrification, including those
related to electric vehicles (EVs), such as upfront technology adoption costs, charging costs, and charging availability; promote
equity and environmental justice; reduce carbon emissions and surface-level pollutants; and support customer education and
awareness of electrification options. As proposed, ComEd could expend approximately $300 million in total over the three-year
period 2023  through 2025. The beneficial electrification plan requests recovery of all those costs  through a rider mechanism, under
which certain of the costs would be amortized over ten years with a return on the unrecovered balance. On November 10, 2022, in
responses to a Staff motion, the ICC approved an interim order dismissing from ComEd’ s Beneficial Electrification Plan certain
rebates (rebates to support residential customers ’ purchase of EVs; and rebates to ComEd’ s commercial and industrial customers to
support the installation of EV chargers). However , the ICC found that building electrification meas ures were properly within the scope
of beneficial electrification, in line with ComEd’ s proposal. The ICC also adopted ComEd’ s position regarding the rate impact of
spending associated with EV related infrastructu re. On November 21, 2022, ComEd filed an application for rehearing of the interim
order , which  the ICC denied. On December 9, 2022, the Office of the Illinois Attorney General (AG) also sought rehearing. On
December 15, 2022, ComEd filed an appeal of the ICC’s interim order and the denial of rehear ing with the Illinois Appellate Court.
That appeal  has been stayed pending the resol ution of the balance of the case. Also on December 15, 2022, the ICC denied the
AG’s application for rehearing and the AG subsequently filed an appeal. The testimony and hearing phase of this proceeding has
concluded and the parties are now drafting legal briefs on the contested issues. By law the ICC must issue its decision by the end of
March, there fore, a final order is expected to be issued by the ICC no later than the first quarter of 2023. At this time, ComEd cannot
predict the outcome of these proceedings.
175
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Energy Efficiency
CEJA  extends ComEd’ s current cumulative annual energy efficiency MWh savings goals through 2040, adds expanded
electrification measures to those goals, increases low-income commitments and adds a new performance adjustment to the energy
efficiency formula rate. ComEd expects its annual spend to increase in 2023 through 2040 to achieve these energy efficiency MWh
savings goals, which will be deferred as a separate regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate
over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related energy ef ficiency measures.
Energy Efficiency Formula Rate (Exelon and ComEd).  FEJA allows ComEd to defer energy efficienc y costs (except for any
voltage optim ization costs which are recovered through the electric distribution formula rate) as a separate regulatory asset that is
recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related
energy efficiency measures. ComEd earns a return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset at a rate equal to its weighted average
cost of capital, which is based on a year-end capital structure and calculated using the same methodology applicable to ComEd’ s
electric distribution formula rate. Beginning Janu ary 1, 2018 through December 31, 2030, the ROE that ComEd earns on its energy
efficiency regulatory asset is subject to a maxi mum downward or upward adjustment of 200 basis points if ComEd’ s cumulative
persisting annual MWh savings falls short of or exceeds specified percentage benchmarks of its annual incremental savings goal.
ComEd is required to file an update to its energy  efficiency formula rate on or before June 1 each year, with resulting  rates effective
in January of the follow ing year. The annual update is based on projected current year energy efficiency costs, PJM capacity
revenues, and the projected year-end regulatory asset balance less any related deferred income taxes (initial year revenue
requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual
costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation). The approved energy efficiency formula rate also provides for revenue
decoupling provisions similar to those in ComEd’ s electric distribution formula rate.
During 2022, the ICC approved the following total increases in ComEd's requested energy ef ficiency revenue requirement:
Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement IncreaseApproved Revenue
Requirement Increase Approved ROE Approval Date Rate Effective Date
May 25, 2022 $ 50 $ 50 7.85 % October 27, 2022 January 1, 2023
_________
(a)ComEd’s 2023 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $66 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2023 and a
decrease of $16 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2021. The revenue requirement for 2023 provides for a weighted average debt
and equity return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset and rate base of 5.94% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 7.85%, reflecting the monthly
average yields for 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. The revenue requirement for the 2021 reconciliation year provides for a
weighted average debt and equity return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset and rate base of 5.52% inclusive of an allowed ROE of
6.99%, which includes a downward performance adjustment that decreased the ROE. The performance adjustment can either increase or
decrease the ROE based upon the achievement of energy efficiency savings goals. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated
with its energy efficiency formula rate.
Maryland Regulatory Matters
Maryland Revenue Decoupling (Exelon, BGE , PHI, Pepco, and DPL). In 1998, the MDPSC approved natural gas monthly rate
adjustments for BGE and in 2007, the MDPSC approved electric monthly rate adjustments for BGE and BSAs for Pepco and DPL,
all of which are decoupling mechanisms. As a result of the decoupling mechanisms, certain Operating revenues from electric and
natural gas distribution at BGE and Operating revenues from electric distribution at Pepco Maryland (see also District of Columbia
Revenue Decoupling below for Pepco District of Columbia) and DPL are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer .
For BGE, Pepco, and DPL, the decoupling mechanism eliminates the impacts of abnorm al weather or customer usage by
recognizing revenues based on an authorized distribution amount per customer by customer class. Operating revenues from electric
and natural gas distribution at BGE and Opera ting revenues from electric distribution at Pepco Maryland and DPL are, however ,
impacted by changes in the number of customers.
Maryland Order Directing the Distribution of Energy Assistance Funds (Exelon, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL).  On June 15,
2021, the MDPSC issued an order authorizing the disbursal of funds to utilities in accordance with Maryland COVID-19 relief
legislation. Under this order , BGE, Pepco, and DPL  received funds of $ 50 million,st
(a)
176
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
$12 million, and $8 million, respectively , in July 2021. The funds have been used to reduce or eliminate certain qualifying past-due
residential customer receivables.
District of Columbia Regulatory Matters
District of Columbia Revenue Decoupling (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco). In 2009, the DCPSC approved a BSA, which is a
decoupling mechanism. As a result of the decou pling mechanism, Operating revenues from electric distribution at Pepco District of
Columbia (see also Maryland Revenue Decoupl ing above for Pepco Maryland) are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per
customer . The decoupling mechanism eliminate s the impacts of abnormal weather or customer usage by recognizing revenues
based on an authorized distribution amount per customer by customer class. Operating revenue s from electric distribution at Pepco
District of Columbia are, however , impacted by changes in the number of customers.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
Conservation Incentive Program (CIP) (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On September 25, 2020, ACE filed an application with the
NJBPU as was required seeking approval to implement a portfolio of energy efficiency programs pursuant to New Jersey’ s clean
energy legislation. The filing included a request to implement a CIP that would eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of
weather and customer usage patterns on distribution revenues for most customers. The CIP compares current distribution revenues
by customer class to approved target revenues established in ACE’ s most recent distribution base rate case. The CIP is calculated
annually and recovery is subject to certain conditions, including an earnings test and ceilings on customer rate increases.
On April 27, 2021, the NJBPU approved the settlement filed by ACE and the third parties to the proceeding. The approved
settlement addresses all material aspects of ACE’ s filing, including ACE’ s ability to implement the CIP prospectively effective July 1,
2021. As a result of this decoupling mechanism, operating revenues will no longer be impacted  by abnormal weather or usage for
most custom ers. Starting in third quarter of 2021 , ACE will record alternative revenue program revenues for its best estimate of the
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in CIP rates that it believes are probable of approval by the NJBPU in
accordance with this mechanism.
Termination of Energy Procurement Provisio ns of PPAs (Exelon, PHI, and ACE). On December 22, 2021 , ACE filed with the
NJBPU a petition to terminate the provisions in the PPAs to purchase electricity from two coal-powered generation facilities located
in the state of New Jersey . The petition was approved by the NJBPU on March 23, 2022. Upon closing of the transaction on
March 31, 2022, ACE recognized a liability of $203 million for the contract termination fee, which is to be paid by the end of 2024,
and recognized a corresponding regulatory asset of  $203 million.
As of Decem ber 31, 2022, the $137 million liability for the contract termination fee consists of $87 million and $50 million included in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities, respectively , in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet. The
current and noncurrent liabilities are included in PPA termination obligation and Other deferred credits and other liabilities,
respectively , in PHI's and ACE's Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, ACE has paid $66 million of
the liability , which is recorded in Changes in Other assets and liabilities in Exelon's, PHI's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.
ACE Infrast ructure Investment Program Filings (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On February 28, 2018, ACE filed with the NJBP U the
company’ s IIP proposing  to seek recovery of a series of investments through a new rider mecha nism, totaling $338 million, between
2019-2022 to provide safe and reliable service for its customers. The IIP will allow for more timely recovery of investments made to
modernize and enhance ACE’ s electric system. On April 15, 2019, ACE entered into a settlement agreement with other parties,
which allows for a recovery totaling $96 million of reliability related capital investments from July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2023. On
April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the settlement agreement.
On October 31, 2022, ACE filed with the NJBPU the company’ s second IIP, proposing to seek recovery through a new component of
ACE’ s rider mechanism,  totaling $379 million, over the four-ye ar period of July 1, 2023  to June 30, 2027. The new IIP will allow ACE
to invest in projects that are designed to enhanc e the reliability , resiliency , and safety of the service ACE provides to its customers.
ACE has requested that the NJBPU render a
177
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
decision in this matter during the first half of 2023 but cannot predict if the NJBPU will approve the application as filed.
Advanced Metering Infrastructure Filing (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On August 26, 2020, ACE filed an application with the NJBPU
as was required seeking  approval to deploy a smart energy network in alignment with New Jersey’ s Energy Master Plan and Clean
Energy Act. The proposal consisted of estimated costs totaling $220 millio n with deployment taking place over a 3-year
implementation period from approximately 2021 to 2024 that involves the installation of an integ rated system of smart meters for all
customers accompanied by the requisite communications facilities and data management systems.
On July 14, 2021, the NJBPU approved the settlement filed by ACE and the third parties to the proceeding. The approved settlement
addresses all material aspects of ACE's smart energy network deployment plan, including cost recovery of the investment costs,
incremental O&M expenses, and the unrecovered balance of existing infrastructure through future distribution rates.
New Jersey  Clean Energy Legislation (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that
established and modified New Jersey’ s clean energy and energy efficiency programs and solar and RPS. On the same day, New
Jersey enac ted legislatio n that established a ZEC program that provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the
NJBPU that they meet certain requirements. Under the legislation, the NJBPU will issue ZECs to the qualifying nuclear power plants
and the electric distribut ion utilities in New Jersey , including ACE, will be required to purchase those ZECs. ACE began collecting
from retail distribution customers, through a non-bypassable charge, all costs associated with the procurement of the ZECs effective
April 18, 2019.
Other Federal Regulatory Matters
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory  Assets (Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE). On December 13,
2016 (and as amended on March 13, 2017), BGE filed with FERC to begin recovering certain existing and future transmission-
related income tax regulatory assets through its transmission formula rate. BGE’ s existing regulatory assets included (1) amounts
that, if BGE’ s transmission formula rate provided for recovery , would have been previously amort ized and (2) amounts that would be
amortized and recovered prospectively . On November 16, 2017, FERC issued an order rejecting BGE’ s proposed revisions to its
transmission formula rate to recover these trans mission-related income tax regulatory assets. In the fourth quarter of 2017, ComEd,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE fully impaired their associated transmission-related income tax regulatory assets for the portion of the
income tax regulatory assets that would have been previously amortized.
On Februar y 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018), ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each filed with FERC to revise their
transmission formula rate mechanisms to permit recovery of transmission-related income tax regulatory assets, including those
amounts that would have been previously amortized and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for
such recovery .
On September 7, 2018, FERC issued orders rejecting (1) BGE’ s rehearing request of FERC's November 16, 2017 order and (2) the
February 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018) filing by ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE for similar recovery .
On November 2, 2018, BGE filed an appeal of FERC's September 7, 2018 order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. On
March 27, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court denied BGE’ s November 2, 2018 appeal.
On October 1, 2018, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE submitted filings to recover ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts and
credit TCJA  transmission -related income tax regulatory liabilities to customers for the prospective  period starting on October 1, 2018.
On April 26, 2019, FERC issued an order accepting ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's October 1, 2018 filings, effective
October 1, 2018, subject to refund and established hearing and settlement judge procedures.  On April 24, 2020, ComEd, BGE,
Pepco, DPL, ACE, and other parties filed a settlement agreement with FERC, which FERC approved on September 24, 2020. The
settlement agreement provides for the recovery of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and establishes the
amount and amortization period for excess deferred income taxes resulting from TCJA. The settlement resulted in a reduction to
Operating revenues and an of fsetting reduction to Income tax expense in the second quarter of 2020.
178
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
FERC Audit  (Exelon and ComEd). The Registrants are subject to periodic audits and investigations by FERC. FERC’ s Division of
Audits and Accounting initiated a nonpublic audit of ComEd in May 2021 evaluating ComEd’ s compliance with (1) approved terms,
rates and conditions of its transmission formula rate mechanism; (2) accounting requirements of the Uniform System of Accounts; (3)
reporting requirements of the FERC Form 1; and (4) the requirements for record retention. The audit covered the period from
January 1, 2017 throug h August 31, 2022. On January 17, 2023, ComEd was provided with information on a series of potential
findings, including concerning ComEd's methodology regarding the allocation of certain overhead costs to capital under FERC
regulations. The final outcome and resolution of the findings or of the audit itself cannot be predicted and the results, while not
reasonably estimable at this time, could be material to the Exelon and ComEd financial statements.
179
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits that have been deferred
because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates or represent billings in advance of
expenditures for approved regulatory programs.
The following tables provide information about the regulatory assets and liabilities of the Registr ants as of December 31, 2022 and
2021:
December 31, 2022 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory assets
Pension and OPEB $1,867  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Pension and OPEB - merger related 769 — — — — — — — 
Deferred income taxes 606 — 595 — 11 11 — — 
AMI programs - deployment costs 122 — — 69 53 25 22 6 
AMI programs - legacy meters 160 48 — 20 92 53 17 22 
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 271 271 — — — — — — 
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 115 115 — — — — — — 
Energy ef ficiency costs 1,434  1,434  — — — — — — 
Fair value of long-term debt 521 — — — 414 — — — 
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 44 — — — 44 — — — 
Carbon mitigation credit 843 843 — — — — —  —  
Asset retirement obligations 151 99 22 21 9 6 2 1 
MGP  remediation costs 318 293 13 12 — — — — 
Renewable energy 85 85 — — — — — — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 241 — 15 25 201 41 26 134 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 37 — 16 — 21 3 5 13 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 560 — — 286 274 187 74 13 
Under-recovered revenue decoupling 106 — — 8 98 98 — — 
Removal costs 782 — — 171 611 144 109 359 
DC PLUG charge 37 — — — 37 37 — — 
Deferred storm costs 90 — — 55 35 2 2 31 
COVID-19 58 20 17 8 13 10 3 — 
Under-recovered credit loss expense 71 38 — — 33 — — 33 
Other 390 196 54 29 119 55 22 12 
Total regulatory assets 9,678  3,442  732 704 2,065  672 282 624 
        Less: current portion 1,641  775 80 177 455 235 80 130 
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,037  $2,667  $ 652 $ 527 $1,610  $ 437 $ 202 $ 494 
180
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2022 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory liabilities
Deferred income taxes $3,546  $2,010  $ — $ 682 $ 854 $ 402 $ 304 $ 148 
Decommissioning the Regulatory
Agreement Units 2,897  2,660  237 — — — — — 
Removal costs 1,750  1,604  — 35 111 20 91 — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 87 11 65 4 7 — 7 — 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 31 3 — 18 10 9 1 — 
Renewable portfolio standards costs 810 810 — — — — — — 
Stranded costs 9 — — — 9 — — 9 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 15 — 15 — — — — — 
Over-recovered revenue decoupling 19 — — 4 15 — 6 9 
Dedicated facilities charge 110 — — 110 — — — —  
Other 275 41 28 10 81 30 15 16 
Total regulatory liabilities 9,549  7,139  345 863 1,087  461 424 182 
        Less: current portion 437 226 75 47 76 6 44 26 
Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities $9,112  $6,913  $ 270 $ 816 $1,011  $ 455 $ 380 $ 156 
181
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2021 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory assets
Pension and OPEB $2,409  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Pension and OPEB - merger related 893 — — — — — — — 
Deferred income taxes 883 — 873 — 10 10 — — 
AMI programs - deployment costs 145 — — 89 56 30 26 — 
AMI programs - legacy meters 186 69 — 29 88 60 21 7 
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 44 44 — — — — — — 
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 104 104 — — — — — — 
Energy ef ficiency costs 1,181  1,181  — — — — — — 
Fair value of long-term debt 557 — — — 443 — — — 
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 236 — — — 236 — — — 
Asset retirement obligations 145 99 21 19 6 5 — 1 
MGP  remediation costs 283 266 8 9 — — — — 
Renewable energy 219 219 — — — — — — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 96 — — 49 47 29 13 5 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 43 — 14 1 28 — 8 20 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 564 — — 283 281 199 79 3 
Under-recovered revenue decoupling 157 — — 32 125 125 — — 
Removal costs 758 — — 143 615 147 109 360 
DC PLUG charge 70 — — — 70 70 — — 
Deferred storm costs 49 — — — 49 3 3 43 
COVID-19 82 28 33 8 13 10 3 — 
Under-recovered credit loss expense 89 60 — — 29 — — 29 
Other 327 135 42 30 130 57 18 23 
Total regulatory assets 9,520  2,205  991 692 2,226  745 280 491 
        Less: current portion 1,296  335 48 215 432 213 68 61 
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,224  $1,870  $ 943 $ 477 $1,794  $ 532 $ 212 $ 430 
182
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2021 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory liabilities
Deferred income taxes $4,005  $2,105  $ — $ 819 $1,081  $ 525 $ 354 $ 202 
Decommissioning the Regulatory
Agreement Units 3,357  2,760  597 — — — — — 
Removal costs 1,694  1,541  — 39 114 20 94 — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 113 25 71 — 17 9 3 5 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 8 7 — — 1 1 — — 
Renewable portfolio standards costs 500 500 — — — — — — 
Stranded costs 35 — — — 35 — — 24 
Other 292 6 61 102 58 8 15 11 
Total regulatory liabilities 10,004  6,944  729 960 1,306  563 466 242 
        Less: current portion 376 185 94 26 68 14 25 28 
Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities $9,628  $6,759  $ 635 $ 934 $1,238  $ 549 $ 441 $ 214 
Descriptions of the regulatory assets and liabiliti es included in the tables above are summarized  below , including their recovery and
amortization periods.
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Pension and OPEBPrimarily reflects the Utility Registrants' and PHI's
portion of deferred costs, including unamortized
actuarial losses (gains) and prior service costs
(credits), associated with Exelon's pension and
OPEB plans, which are recovered through customer
rates once amortized through net periodic benefit
cost. Also, includes the Utility Registrants' and PHI's
non–service cost components capitalized in
Property , plant and equipment, net on their
Consolidated Balance Sheets.The deferred costs are
amortized over the plan
participants' average
remaining service periods
subject to applicable
pension and OPEB cost
recognition policies. See
Note 14 — Retirement
Benefits for additional
information. The
capitalized non–service
cost components are
amortized over the lives
of the underlying assets.No
Pension and OPEB -
merger relatedThe deferred costs established at the date of the
Constellation and PHI mergers are amortized over
the plan participants' average remaining service
periods subject to applicable pension and OPEB
cost recognition policies. The costs are recovered
through customer rates once amortized through net
periodic benefit cost. See Note 14 — Retirement
Benefits for additional information. The capitalized
non–service cost components are amortized over
the lives of the underlying assets.Legacy BGE - 2038
Legacy PHI - 2032No
183
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Deferred income taxesRepresents deferred income taxes that are
recoverable or refundable through customer rates,
primarily associated with accelerated depreciation,
the equity component of AFUDC, and the ef fects of
income tax rate changes, including those resulting
from the TCJA. These amounts include
transmission-related regulatory liabilities that
require FERC approval separate from the
transmission formula rate. See Transmission-
Related Income Tax Regulatory Assets section
above for additional information.Amounts are recoverable
over the period in which
the related deferred
income taxes reverse,
which is generally based
on the expected life of the
underlying assets. For
TCJA, generally refunded
over the remaining
depreciable life of the
underlying assets, except
in certain jurisdictions
where the commissions
have approved a shorter
refund period for certain
assets not subject to IRS
normalization rules.No
AMI programs -
deployment costsRepresents installation and ongoing incremental
costs of new smart meters, including
implementation costs at Pepco and DPL  of dynamic
pricing for energy usage resulting from smart
meters.BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2029
DPL - 2030
ACE - To be determined
in next distribution rate
case filed with NJBPUBGE, Pepco, DPL  - Yes
ACE - Yes, on
incremental costs of new
smart meters
AMI programs - legacy
metersRepresents early retirement costs of legacy meters.ComEd - 2028
BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2029
DPL - 2030
ACE - To be determined
in next distribution rate
case filed with NJBPUComEd, Pepco (District of
Columbia), DPL
(Delaware), ACE - Yes
BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL (Maryland) - No
Electric distribution
formula rate annual
reconciliationsRepresents under/(over)-recoveries related to
electric distribution service costs recoverable
through ComEd's performance-based formula rate,
which is updated annually with rates ef fective on
January 1 .2024 Yes
Electric distribution
formula rate significant
one-time eventsRepresents deferred distribution service costs
related to ComEd's significant one-time events
(e.g., storm costs), which are recovered over 5
years from date of the event.2026 Yesst
184
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Energy ef ficiency costsRepresents ComEd's costs recovered through the
energy ef ficiency formula rate tarif f and the
reconciliation of the dif ference of the revenue
requirement in ef fect for the prior year and the
revenue requirement based on actual prior year
costs. Deferred energy ef ficiency costs are
recovered over the weighted average useful life of
the related energy measure.2034 Yes
Fair value of long-term
debtRepresents the dif ference between the carrying
value and fair value of long-term debt of BGE and
PHI of $ 107 million and $ 414 million, respectively ,
as of December 31, 2022, and $ 114 million and
$443 million, respectively , as of December 31,
2021, as of the PHI and Constellation merger dates.BGE - 2036
PHI - 2045No
Fair value of PHI’ s
unamortized energy
contractsRepresents the regulatory assets recorded at
Exelon and PHI of fsetting the fair value adjustment
related to Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's electricity and
natural gas energy supply contracts recorded at PHI
as of the PHI merger date.2036 No
Carbon mitigation creditRepresents CMC procurement costs and credits as
well as reasonable costs ComEd has incurred to
implement and comply with the CMC procurement
process.Over 9 months starting
with the September billing
period and ending with
the following May billing
periodNo
Asset retirement
obligationsRepresents future legally required removal costs
associated with existing AROs.Over the life of the related
assetsYes, once the removal
activities have been
performed
MGP  remediation costsRepresents environmental remediation costs for
MGP  sites recorded at ComEd, PECO, and BGE.ComEd and PECO - Over
the expected remediation
period. See Note 18 —
Commitments and
Contingencies for
additional information.
BGE - 10 years from
when the remediation
spend is approved by the
MDPSC.ComEd and PECO - No
BGE - Yes
Renewable energyRepresents the change in fair value of ComEd‘s 20-
year floating-to-fixed long-term renewable energy
swap contracts.2032 No
185
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Electric energy and
natural gas costsRepresents under (over)-recoveries related to
energy and gas supply related costs recoverable
(refundable) under approved rate riders.2025DPL (Delaware), ACE -
Yes
ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  (Maryland) -
No
Transmission formula rate
annual reconciliationsRepresents under (over)-recoveries related to
transmission service costs recoverable through the
Utility Registrants’  FERC formula rates, which are
updated annually with rates ef fective each June 1 .2024 Yes
Energy ef ficiency and
demand response
programsIncludes under (over)-recoveries of costs incurred
related to energy ef ficiency programs and demand
response programs and recoverable costs
associated with customer direct load control and
energy ef ficiency and conservation programs that
are being recovered from customers.PECO - 2025
BGE - 2027
Pepco, DPL  - 2037
ACE - 2032BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL (Maryland), ACE -
Yes
DPL (Delaware), Pepco
(District of Columbia) - No
PECO - Yes on capital
investment recovered
through this mechanism
Under (over) -recovered
revenue decouplingRepresents electric and / or gas distribution costs
recoverable from or refundable to customers under
decoupling mechanisms.BGE - 2023
Pepco (Maryland) -
$11 million - 2023
Pepco (District of
Columbia) - $ 87 million:
$49 million to be
recovered via monthly
surcharge by 2024;
$38 million to be
recovered via the monthly
surcharge, the timing of
which will be impacted by
the next multi-year plan
filed with DCPSC
DPL - 2023
ACE - 2024BGE, Pepco, DPL, ACE -
No
Stranded costsThe regulatory asset represents certain stranded
costs associated with ACE's former electricity
generation business. The regulatory liability
represents overcollection of a customer surcharge
collected by ACE to fund principal and interest
payments on Transition Bonds of ACE Transition
Funding that securitized such costs.Stranded costs - 2022
Overcollection - 2024Stranded costs - Yes
Overcollection - Nost
186
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Removal costsFor BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the regulatory
asset represents costs incurred to remove property ,
plant and equipment in excess of amounts received
from customers through depreciation rates. For
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, and DPL, the regulatory
liability represents amounts received from
customers through depreciation rates to cover the
future non–legally required cost to remove property ,
plant and equipment, which reduces rate base for
ratemaking purposes.BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE - Asset is generally
recovered over the life of
the underlying assets.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco,
and DPL  - Liability is
reduced as costs are
incurred.Yes
DC PLUG chargeRepresents costs associated with DC PLUG, which
is a projected six-year , $500 million project to place
underground some of the District of Columbia’ s
most outage-prone power lines with $ 250 million of
the project costs funded by Pepco and $ 250 million
funded by the District of Columbia. Rates for the DC
PLUG initiative went into ef fect on February 7,
2018.2024Portion of asset funded
by Pepco-Y es
Deferred storm costsFor Pepco, DPL, ACE, and BGE, amounts
represent total incremental storm restoration costs
incurred due to major storm events recoverable
from customers in the Maryland and New Jersey
jurisdictions.Pepco - 2024
DPL - 2027
ACE - $ 24 million - 2024;
$7 million to be
determined in next
distribution rate case filed
with NJBPU
BGE - $ 55 million to be
determined in next multi-
year plan filed with
MDPSCPepco, DPL, BGE - Yes
ACE - No
Decommissioning the
Regulatory UnitsRepresents estimated excess funds at the end of
decommissioning the Regulatory Agreement Units.
See below regarding Decommissioning the
Regulatory Agreement Units  for additional
information.Not currently being
refundedNo
187
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
COVID-19Represents incremental credit losses and direct
costs related to COVID-19 incurred primarily in
2020 at the Utility Registrants, partially of fset by a
decrease in travel costs at BGE, Pepco and DPL.
Direct costs consisted primarily of costs to acquire
personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning
supplies and services, and costs to hire healthcare
professionals to monitor the health of employees.ComEd - 2025
BGE - $ 4 million - 2025;
$4 million to be
determined in the next
multi-year plan filed with
MDPSC
PECO - 2024
Pepco (District of
Columbia) - $ 8 million to
be determined in the next
multi-year plan filed with
DCPSC
Pepco (Maryland) -
$1 million - 2026;
$1 million to be
determined in the next
multi-year plan filed with
MDPSC
DPL (Maryland) -
$1 million - 2027
DPL (Delaware) -
$2 million to be
determined in pending
distribution rate case filed
with DEPSCComEd and BGE - Yes
PECO, Pepco, and DPL  -
No
Under-recovered credit
loss expenseFor ComEd and ACE, amounts represent the
difference between annual credit loss expense and
revenues collected in rates through ICC and
NJBPU-approved riders. The dif ference between
net credit loss expense and revenues collected
through the rider each calendar year for ComEd is
recovered over a twelve-month period beginning in
June of the following calendar year . ACE intends to
recover from June through May of each respective
year, subject to approval of the NJBPU.ComEd - 2024
ACE - To be determined
in next Societal Benefits
Rider filing with NJBPUNo
188
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Renewable portfolio
standards costsRepresents an overcollection of funds from both
ComEd customers and alternative retail electricity
suppliers to be spent on future renewable energy
procurements.$743 million to be
determined in the ICC
annual reconciliation for
2023
$67 million to be
determined based on the
LTRRPP  developed by
the IP ANo
Dedicated facilities
chargeRepresents the timing dif ference between the
recovery of certain transmission-related assets and
their depreciable life.Depreciable life of the
related assetsYes
Decommissioning the Regulatory Agreement Units
The regulato ry agreements with the ICC and PAPUC dictate obligations related to the shortfall or excess of NDT funds necessary for
decommissioning the former ComEd units on a unit-by-unit basis and the former PECO units in total.
For the former PECO units, given the symmetric  settlement provisions that allow for continued recovery of decommissioning costs
from PECO customers in the event of a shortf all and the obligation for Constellation to ultima tely return excess funds to PECO
customers (on an aggregate basis for all seven units), decommissioning-related activities prior to separation on February 1, 2022
were generally offset in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income with an offsetting adjustment
to the regulatory liabilities or regulatory assets and an equal noncurrent affiliate receivable from or payable to Generation at PECO.
Following the separation, decommissioning-rel ated activities result in an adjustment to the Receivable related to Regulatory
Agreement Units and an equal adjustment to the regulatory liabilities or regulatory assets at PECO.
For the former ComEd units, given no further recovery from ComEd customers is permitted and Constellation retains an obligation to
ultimately return excess funds to ComEd custom ers (on a unit-by-unit basis), to the extent excess funds are expected for each unit,
decommissioning-related activities prior to separation on February 1, 2022 were offset in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income with an offsetting adjustment to regulatory liabilities and noncurrent  affiliate receivable from Generation
at ComEd. Following the separation, decommissioning-related activities result in an adjustment to the Receivable related to
Regulatory Agreement Units and an equal adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at ComEd. However , given the asymmetric
settlement provision that does not allow for continued recovery from ComEd customers in the event of a shortfall, recognition of a
regulatory asset at ComEd is not permissible.
189
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Capitalized Ratemaking Amounts Not Recognized
The following table presents authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes related to earnings on shareholders’
investment that are not recognized for financial reporting purposes in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets. These amounts
will be recognized as revenues in the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the periods
they are billable to the Utility Registrants' customers.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022 $ 57 $ 8 $ — $ 28 $ 21 $ 18 $ 2 $ 1 
December 31, 2021 43 1 — 37 5 3 2 — 
__________
(a)Reflects ComEd's unrecognized equity returns earned for ratemaking purposes on its electric distribution formula rate regulatory assets.
(b)BGE's and ACE's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes primarily relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on their
respective AMI programs.
(c)Pepco's and DPL's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on their respective
AMI Programs and Energy Efficiency and Demand Response Programs, and for Pepco District of Columbia revenue decoupling program. The
earnings on energy efficiency are on Pepco District of Columbia and DPL Delaware programs only.
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an
amount that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The primary sources of revenue include
regulated electric and gas tariff sales, distribution, and transmission services. The performance obligations, revenue recognition, and
payment terms associated with these sources of revenue are further discussed in the table below . There are no significant financing
components for these sources of revenue and no variable consideration.
Unless otherwise noted, for each of the significant revenue categories and related performance obligations described below , the
Registrants have the right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value transferred to the
customer for the performance completed to date. Therefore, the Registrants generally recogniz e revenue in the amount for which
they have the right to invoice the customer . As a result, there are generally no significant judgmen ts used in determining or allocating
the transaction price.(a) (b) (c) (c) (b)
190
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Revenue Source Description Performance ObligationTiming of Revenue
Recognition Payment Terms
Regulated Electric and
Gas Tariff SalesSales of electricity and
electricity distribution services
(the Utility Registrants) and
natural gas and gas distribution
services (PECO, BGE, and
DPL) to residential,
commercial, industrial, and
governmental customers
through regulated tarif f rates
approved by state regulatory
commissions.Delivery of electricity and/or
natural gas.Over time (each day) as
the electricity and/or
natural gas is delivered
to customers. Tariff
sales are generally
considered daily
contracts as customers
can discontinue service
at any time.Within the month
following delivery
of the electricity or
natural gas to the
customer .
Regulated
Transmission ServicesThe Utility Registrants provide
open access to their
transmission facilities to PJM,
which directs and controls the
operation of these transmission
facilities and accordingly
compensates the Utility
Registrants pursuant to filed
tariffs at cost-based rates
approved by FERC.Various including (i) Network
Integration Transmission
Services (NITS), (ii)
scheduling, system control
and dispatch services, and
(iii) access to the wholesale
grid.Over time utilizing
output methods to
measure progress
towards completion.Paid weekly by
PJM.
__________
(a)Electric and natural gas utility customers have the choice to purchase electricity or natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural
gas suppliers. While the Utility Registrants are required under state legislation to bill their customers for the supply and distribution of electricity
and/or natural gas, they recognize revenue related only to the distribution services when customers purchase their electricity or natural gas from
competitive suppliers.
(b)Passage of time is used for NITS and access to the wholesale grid and MWhs of energy transported over the wholesale grid is used for
scheduling, system control and dispatch services.
The Utility Registrants do not incur any material costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers.
Contract Liabilities
The Registrants record contract liabilities when consideration is received or due prior to the satisfaction of the performance
obligations. The Registrants record contract liabilities in Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities in the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
On July 1, 2020, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each entered into a collaborative arrangement with an unrelated owner and manager of
communication infrastru cture (the Buyer). Under this arrangement, Pepco, DPL, and ACE sold a 60% undivided interest in their
respective portfolios of transmission tower attac hment agreements with telecommunications companies to the Buyer , in addition to
transitioning manageme nt of the day-to-day operations of the jointly-owned agreements to the Buyer for 35 years, while retaining the
safe and reliable operati on of its utility assets. In return, Pepco, DPL, and ACE will provide the Buyer limited access on the portion of
the towers where the equipment resides for the purposes of managing the agreements for the benefit of Pepco, DPL, ACE, and the
Buyer . In addition, for an initial period of three years and two, two-year extensions that are subject to certain conditions, the Buyer
has the exclusive right to enter into new agreements with telecommunications companies and to receive a 30% undivided interest in
those new agreements. PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE received cash and recorded contract liabilities as of July 1, 2020. The revenue
attributable to this arrangement will be recognized as operating revenue over the 35 years under the collaborative arrangement.
The following table provides a rollforward of the contract liabilities reflected in Exelon's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE'S
Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, ComEd's, PECO's, and BGE's contract liabilities were not
material. (a)
 (b)
191
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Exelon PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 118 $ 118 $ 94 $ 12 $ 12 
Revenues recognized (9) (9) (7) (1) (1)
Balance as of December 31, 2021 109 109 87 11 11 
Revenues recognized (8) (8) (6) (1) (1)
Balance as of December 31, 2022 $ 101 $ 101 $ 81 $ 10 $ 10 
__________
(a)Revenues recognized in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were included in the contract liabilities at December 31, 2021 and
2020, respectively.
Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations
The followin g table shows the amounts of future revenues expected to be recorded in each year for performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2022. This disclosure only includes contra cts for which the total consideration
is fixed and determinable at contract inception. The average contract term varies by customer type and commodity but ranges from
one month to several years.
This disclosure excludes the Utility Registrants'  gas and electric tariff sales contracts and transmission revenue contracts as they
generally have an original expected duration of one year or less and, therefore, do not contain any future, unsatisfied performance
obligations to be included in this disclosure.
2023 2024 2025 20262027 and
thereafter Total
Exelon $ 8 $ 6 $ 5 $ 5 $ 77 $ 101 
PHI 8 6 5 5 77 101 
Pepco 6 5 5 5 60 81 
DPL 1 — — — 9 10 
ACE 1 1 — — 8 10 
Revenue Disaggregation
The Registrants disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See Note 5 — Segment Information for the
presentation of the Registrant's revenue disaggregation.
5. Segment Information (All Registrants)
Operating segments for each of the Registrant s are determined based on information used by the CODMs in deciding how to
evaluate performance and allocate resources at each of the Registrants.
Exelon has six reportable segments, which include ComEd, PECO, BGE, and PHI's three  reportable segments consisting of Pepco,
DPL, and ACE. ComEd,  PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each represent a single reportable segment, and as such, no separate
segment information is provided for these Registrants. Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE's CODMs evaluate the
performance of and allocate resources to ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE based on net income.
The separat ion of Constellation Energy Corpora tion, including Generation and its subsidiaries, meets the criteria for discontinued
operations and as such , results of operations are presented as discontinued operations and have been excluded from continuing
operations for all periods presented. Furthermore, the reportable segment information related to the discontinued operations has
been excluded from the tables presented below . See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for additional information.
An analysis and reconciliation of the Registrants' reportable segment information to the respective information in the consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows:(a) (a) (a) (a) (a)
192
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
ComEd PECO BGE PHI OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Operating revenues:
2022
Electric revenues $ 5,761 $ 3,165 $ 2,871 $ 5,317 $ — $ (31)$17,083 
Natural gas revenues — 738 1,024 238 — (5) 1,995 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 10 1,823 (1,833) — 
Total operating revenues $ 5,761 $ 3,903 $ 3,895 $ 5,565 $ 1,823 $ (1,869)$19,078 
2021
Electric revenues $ 6,406 $ 2,659 $ 2,505 $ 4,860 $ — $ (35)$16,395 
Natural gas revenues — 539 836 168 — — 1,543 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 13 2,213 (2,226) — 
Total operating revenues $ 6,406 $ 3,198 $ 3,341 $ 5,041 $ 2,213 $ (2,261)$17,938 
2020
Electric revenues $ 5,904 $ 2,543 $ 2,336 $ 4,485 $ — $ (44)$15,224 
Natural gas revenues — 515 762 162 — — 1,439 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 16 2,035 (2,051) — 
Total operating revenues $ 5,904 $ 3,058 $ 3,098 $ 4,663 $ 2,035 $ (2,095)$16,663 
Intersegment revenues:
2022 $ 16 $ 7 $ 15 $ 10 $ 1,823 $ (1,865)$ 6 
2021 41 21 31 13 2,203 (2,252) 57 
2020 37 9 20 17 2,024 (2,084) 23 
Depreciation and amortization:
2022 $ 1,323 $ 373 $ 630 $ 938 $ 61 $ — $ 3,325 
2021 1,205 348 591 821 67 1 3,033 
2020 1,133 347 550 782 79 — 2,891 
Operating expenses:
2022 $ 4,218 $ 3,102 $ 3,376 $ 4,734 $ 2,093 $ (1,762)$15,761 
2021 5,151 2,547 2,860 4,240 2,045 (1,587) 15,256 
2020 4,950 2,512 2,598 4,045 1,882 (1,502) 14,485 
Interest expense, net:
2022 $ 414 $ 177 $ 152 $ 292 $ 415 $ (3)$ 1,447 
2021 389 161 138 267 335 (1) 1,289 
2020 382 147 133 268 380 (3) 1,307 
Income taxes:
2022 $ 264 $ 79 $ 8 $ 9 $ — $ (11)$ 349 
2021 172 12 (35) 42 8 (161) 38 
2020 177 (30) 41 (77) 35 (153) (7)
Net income (loss) from continuing
operations:
2022 $ 917 $ 576 $ 380 $ 608 $ (393)$ (34)$ 2,054 
2021 742 504 408 561 (156) (443) 1,616 
2020 438 447 349 495 (184) (446) 1,099 
Capital expenditures:
2022 $ 2,506 $ 1,349 $ 1,262 $ 1,709 $ 95 $ — $ 6,921 
2021 2,387 1,240 1,226 1,720 67 — 6,640 
2020 2,217 1,147 1,247 1,604 74 — 6,289 
Total assets:
2022 $39,661 $14,502 $13,350 $ 26,082 $ 6,014 $ (4,260)$95,349 
2021 36,470 13,824 12,324 24,744 7,626 (8,319) 86,669 (a)
(b)
(c)
193
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
__________
(a)Other primarily includes Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investment activities.
(b)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(c)See Note 23 — Related Party Transactions for additional information on intersegment revenues.
194
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
PHI:
Pepco DPL ACE OtherIntersegment
Eliminations PHI
Operating revenues:
2022
Electric revenues $ 2,531 $ 1,357 $ 1,431 $ — $ (2)$ 5,317 
Natural gas revenues — 238 — — — 238 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 391 (381) 10 
Total operating revenues $ 2,531 $ 1,595 $ 1,431 $ 391 $ (383)$ 5,565 
2021
Electric revenues $ 2,274 $ 1,212 $ 1,388 $ — $ (14)$ 4,860 
Natural gas revenues — 168 — — — 168 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 379 (366) 13 
Total operating revenues $ 2,274 $ 1,380 $ 1,388 $ 379 $ (380)$ 5,041 
2020
Electric revenues $ 2,149 $ 1,109 $ 1,245 $ — $ (18)$ 4,485 
Natural gas revenues — 162 — — — 162 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 372 (356) 16 
Total operating revenues $ 2,149 $ 1,271 $ 1,245 $ 372 $ (374)$ 4,663 
Intersegment revenues:
2022 $ 5 $ 6 $ 2 $ 380 $ (383)$ 10 
2021 5 7 2 380 (381) 13 
2020 7 9 4 372 (375) 17 
Depreciation and amortization:
2022 $ 417 $ 232 $ 261 $ 28 $ — $ 938 
2021 403 210 179 29 — 821 
2020 377 191 180 34 — 782 
Operating expenses:
2022 $ 2,140 $ 1,359 $ 1,225 $ 393 $ (383)$ 4,734 
2021 1,871 1,161 1,201 388 (381) 4,240 
2020 1,799 1,120 1,123 378 (375) 4,045 
Interest expense, net:
2022 $ 150 $ 66 $ 66 $ 9 $ 1 $ 292 
2021 140 61 58 8 — 267 
2020 138 61 59 10 — 268 
Income taxes:
2022 $ (9)$ 14 $ 3 $ 1 $ — $ 9 
2021 15 42 (13) (2) — 42 
2020 (7) (25) (41) (4) — (77)
Net income (loss):
2022 $ 305 $ 169 $ 148 $ (14)$ — $ 608 
2021 296 128 146 (9) — 561 
2020 266 125 112 (8) — 495 
Capital expenditures:
2022 $ 874 $ 430 $ 398 $ 7 $ — $ 1,709 
2021 843 429 445 3 — 1,720 
2020 773 424 401 6 — 1,604 
Total assets:
2022 $ 10,657 $ 5,802 $ 4,979 $ 4,677 $ (33)$26,082 
2021 9,903 5,412 4,556 4,933 (60) 24,744 
__________
(a)Other primarily includes PHI’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investment activities.(a)
(b)
(c)
195
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
(b)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(c)Includes intersegment revenues with ComEd, BGE, and PECO, which are eliminated at Exelon.
The followin g tables disaggregate the Registrants' revenues recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict
how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. For the Utility
Registrants, the disaggregation of revenues reflects the two primary utility services of electric sales and natural gas sales (where
applicable), with further disaggregation of these tariff sales provided by major customer groups. Exelon's disaggregated revenues
are consistent with the Utility Registrants, but exclude any intercompany revenues.
2022
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric revenues
Residential $ 3,304 $ 2,026 $ 1,564 $ 2,590 $ 1,076 $ 750 $ 764 
Small commercial & industrial 1,173 521 327 607 155 235 217 
Large commercial & industrial 5 299 567 1,422 1,083 137 202 
Public authorities & electric railroads 29 30 27 64 34 15 15 
Other 955 271 398 695 208 227 252 
Total electric revenues $ 5,466 $ 3,147 $ 2,883 $ 5,378 $ 2,556 $ 1,364 $ 1,450 
Natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 512 $ 678 $ 127 $ — $ 127 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 186 111 55 — 55 — 
Large commercial & industrial — — 183 12 — 12 — 
Transportation — 26 — 15 — 15 — 
Other — 12 68 29 — 29 — 
Total natural gas revenues $ — $ 736 $ 1,040 $ 238 $ — $ 238 $ — 
Total revenues from contracts with
customers $ 5,466 $ 3,883 $ 3,923 $ 5,616 $ 2,556 $ 1,602 $ 1,450 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ 267 $ 2 $ (47)$ (59)$ (31)$ (9)$ (19)
Other electric revenues 28 16 14 8 6 2 — 
Other natural gas revenues — 2 5 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ 295 $ 20 $ (28)$ (51)$ (25)$ (7)$ (19)
Total revenues for reportable segments $ 5,761 $ 3,903 $ 3,895 $ 5,565 $ 2,531 $ 1,595 $ 1,431 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
196
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2021
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric revenues
Residential $ 3,233 $ 1,704 $ 1,375 $ 2,441 $ 1,003 $ 694 $ 744 
Small commercial & industrial 1,571 422 267 521 135 193 193 
Large commercial & industrial 559 243 459 1,123 844 94 185 
Public authorities & electric railroads 45 31 27 58 31 14 13 
Other 926 229 371 634 205 201 229 
Total electric revenues $ 6,334 $ 2,629 $ 2,499 $ 4,777 $ 2,218 $ 1,196 $ 1,364 
Natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 372 $ 518 $ 97 $ — $ 97 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 136 83 42 — 42 — 
Large commercial & industrial — — 147 7 — 7 — 
Transportation — 24 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 7 68 8 — 8 — 
Total natural gas revenues $ — $ 539 $ 816 $ 168 $ — $ 168 $ — 
Total revenues from contracts with
customers $ 6,334 $ 3,168 $ 3,315 $ 4,945 $ 2,218 $ 1,364 $ 1,364 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ 42 $ 26 $ 12 $ 91 $ 53 $ 14 $ 24 
Other electric revenues 30 4 11 5 3 2 — 
Other natural gas revenues — — 3 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ 72 $ 30 $ 26 $ 96 $ 56 $ 16 $ 24 
Total revenues for reportable segments $ 6,406 $ 3,198 $ 3,341 $ 5,041 $ 2,274 $ 1,380 $ 1,388 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
197
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2020
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric revenues
Residential $ 3,090 $ 1,656 $ 1,345 $ 2,332 $ 988 $ 652 $ 692 
Small commercial & industrial 1,399 386 241 472 132 171 169 
Large commercial & industrial 515 228 406 1,001 736 89 176 
Public authorities & electric railroads 45 29 27 60 34 13 13 
Other 884 225 309 613 218 190 207 
Total electric revenues $ 5,933 $ 2,524 $ 2,328 $ 4,478 $ 2,108 $ 1,115 $ 1,257 
Natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 361 $ 504 $ 96 $ — $ 96 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 126 79 42 — 42 — 
Large commercial & industrial — — 135 4 — 4 — 
Transportation — 24 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 4 29 6 — 6 — 
Total natural gas revenues $ — $ 515 $ 747 $ 162 $ — $ 162 $ — 
Total revenues from contracts with
customers $ 5,933 $ 3,039 $ 3,075 $ 4,640 $ 2,108 $ 1,277 $ 1,257 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ (47)$ 16 $ 16 $ 21 $ 40 $ (7)$ (12)
Other electric revenues 18 3 5 2 1 1 — 
Other natural gas revenues — — 2 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ (29)$ 19 $ 23 $ 23 $ 41 $ (6)$ (12)
Total revenues for reportable segments $ 5,904 $ 3,058 $ 3,098 $ 4,663 $ 2,149 $ 1,271 $ 1,245 
__________
(a)Includes revenues from transmission revenue from PJM, wholesale electric revenue and mutual assistance revenue.
(b)Includes operating revenues from affiliates in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively of:
• $16 million, $41 million, and $37 million at ComEd
• $7 million, $20 million, and $8 million at PECO
• $7 million, $13 million, and $10 million at BGE
• $10 million, $13 million, and $17 million at PHI
• $5 million, $5 million, and $7 million at Pepco
• $6 million, $7 million, and $9 million at DPL
• $2 million, $2 million, and $4 million at ACE
(c)Includes revenues from off-system natural gas sales.
(d)Includes operating revenues from affiliates in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively of:
• less than $1 million, $1 million, and $1 million at PECO
• $8 million, $18 million, and $10 million at BGE
(e)Includes late payment charge revenues.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
198
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
6. Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
Allowance for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivable
The following tables present the rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses on Customer Accounts Receivable.
Year Ended December 31, 2022
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 320 $ 73 $ 105 $ 38 $ 104 $ 37 $ 18 $ 49 
Plus: Current period provision for
expected credit losses 176 29 52 37 58 31 12 15 
Less: W rite-of fs, net  of
recoveries 169 43 52 21 53 21 9 23 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 $ 327 $ 59 $ 105 $ 54 $ 109 $ 47 $ 21 $ 41 
Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 334 $ 97 $ 116 $ 35 $ 86 $ 32 $ 22 $ 32 
Plus: Current period provision for
expected credit losses 96 21 23 15 37 13 6 18 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 110 45 34 12 19 8 10 1 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 320 $ 73 $ 105 $ 38 $ 104 $ 37 $ 18 $ 49 
_________
(a)For PECO, BGE, Pepco and DPL, the change in current period provision for expected credit losses is primarily a result of increased receivable
balances.
(b)For ACE, the change in current period provision for expected credit losses is primarily a result of decreased receivable balances.
(c)For PECO, the change in write-offs is primarily a result of increased disconnection activities.
(d)For PHI, Pepco and ACE, the change in write-offs is primarily related to the termination of the moratoriums in the District of Columbia and New
Jersey, which beginning in March 2020, prevented customer disconnections for non-payment. With disconnection activities restarting in January
2022, write-offs of aging accounts receivable increased during the year.
(e)For DPL, the change in write-offs is primarily a result of favorable customer payment behavior.
(f)Recoveries were not material to the Registrants.
The following tables present the rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses on Other Accounts Receivable.
Year Ended December 31, 2022
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 72 $ 17 $ 7 $ 9 $ 39 $ 16 $ 8 $ 15 
Plus: Current period provision
(benefit) for expected credit losses 26 3 6 6 11 9 (1) 3 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 16 3 4 5 4 — — 4 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 $ 82 $ 17 $ 9 $ 10 $ 46 $ 25 $ 7 $ 14 
Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 71 $ 21 $ 8 $ 9 $ 33 $ 13 $ 9 $ 11 
Plus: Current period provision
(benefit) for expected credit losses 11 (2) 3 4 6 3 (1) 4 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of recoveries 10 2 4 4 — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 72 $ 17 $ 7 $ 9 $ 39 $ 16 $ 8 $ 15 
_________(a)(b)
(c)(d)(e)
(f)
(a)
199
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
(a)Recoveries were not material to the Registrants.
Unbilled Customer Revenue
The followin g table provides additional informa tion about unbilled customer revenues recorde d in the Registrants' Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
Unbilled customer revenues
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022 $ 912 $ 223 $ 219 $ 247 $ 223 $ 103 $ 74 $ 46 
December 31, 2021 747 240 161 171 175 82 53 40 
_________
(a)Unbilled customer revenues are classified in Customer accounts receivables, net in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Other Purchases of Customer and Other Accounts Receivables
The Utility Registrants are required, under separate legislation and regulations in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, District of
Columbia, and New Jersey , to purchase certain receivables from alternative retail electric and, as applicable, natural gas suppliers
that participate in the utilities' consolidated billing. The following tables present the total receivables purchased.
Total receivables purchased
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Year ended December 31, 2022 $3,981  $ 965 $1,081  $ 792 $1,143  $ 723 $ 205 $ 215 
Year ended December 31, 2021 $3,840  $1,031  $1,041  $ 687 $1,081  $ 660 $ 217 $ 204 
_________
(a)For BGE, includes $4 million of receivables purchased from Generation prior to the separation on February 1, 2022 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. For ComEd, PECO, and BGE, includes $1 million, $1 million, and $21 million of receivables purchased from Generation,
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021.(a)
(a) (a) (a) (a)
200
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
7. Property , Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
The following tables present a summary of property , plant, and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
Asset Category Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022
Electric—transmission and distribution$ 69,034 $32,906 $10,719 $ 9,993 $17,165 $11,270 $5,231 $5,219 
Gas—transportation and distribution 8,126 — 3,619 4,074 696 — 855 — 
Common—electric and gas 2,521 — 1,071 1,317 228 — 206 — 
Construction work in progress 4,534 1,174 744 487 2,101 1,526 271 296 
Other property, plant, and equipment 791 106 50 50 114 65 29 26 
Total property, plant, and
equipment 85,006 34,186 16,203 15,921 20,304 12,861 6,592 5,541 
Less: accumulated depreciation 15,930 6,673 4,078 4,583 2,618 4,067 1,772 1,551 
Property, plant, and equipment, net $ 69,076 $27,513 $12,125 $11,338 $17,686 $ 8,794 $4,820 $3,990 
December 31, 2021
Electric—transmission and distribution$ 64,771 $31,077 $10,076 $ 9,352 $16,062 $10,798 $4,957 $4,882 
Gas—transportation and distribution 7,429 — 3,339 3,712 646 — 806 — 
Common—electric and gas 2,335 — 1,005 1,224 201 — 180 — 
Construction work in progress 3,698 918 620 554 1,590 1,118 229 242 
Other property, plant and equipment 755 99 41 34 107 63 23 25 
Total property, plant and equipment 78,988 32,094 15,081 14,876 18,606 11,979 6,195 5,149 
Less: accumulated depreciation 14,430 6,099 3,964 4,299 2,108 3,875 1,635 1,420 
Property, plant, and equipment, net $ 64,558 $25,995 $11,117 $10,577 $16,498 $ 8,104 $4,560 $3,729 
__________
(a)Primarily composed of land and non-utility property.(a)
(a)
201
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
The following table presents the average service life for each asset category in number of years:
Average Service Life (years)
Asset Category Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric - transmission and distribution 5-80 5-80 5-70 5-80 5-75 5-75 5-75 5-75
Gas - transportation and distribution 5-80 N/A 5-70 5-80 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Common - electric and gas 4-75 N/A 5-55 4-50 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Other property, plant, and equipment 4-61 31-50 50 20-50 10-43 10-33 10-43 13-15
The following table presents the annual depreciation rates for each asset category .
Annual Depreciation Rates
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.87% 3.00% 2.29% 2.82% 2.96% 2.58% 3.08% 3.38%
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.14% N/A 1.87% 2.53% 1.45% N/A 1.45% N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.54% N/A 6.31% 8.20% 8.96% N/A 10.03% N/A
December 31, 2021
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.81% 2.94% 2.28% 2.80% 2.87% 2.56% 2.86% 3.21%
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.13% N/A 1.84% 2.54% 1.47% N/A 1.47% N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.31% N/A 6.34% 7.88% 8.33% N/A 8.69% N/A
December 31, 2020
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.79% 2.95% 2.31% 2.69% 2.81% 2.53% 2.85% 3.08%
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.14% N/A 1.85% 2.56% 1.50% N/A 1.50% N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.01% N/A 6.39% 7.45% 7.36% N/A 6.72% N/A
AFUDC
The following table summarizes credits to AFUDC by year:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022
AFUDC debt and equity $ 215 $ 54 $ 42 $ 29 $ 90 $ 69 $ 10 $ 11 
December 31, 2021
AFUDC debt and equity $ 189 $ 47 $ 34 $ 36 $ 72 $ 59 $ 8 $ 5 
December 31, 2020
AFUDC debt and equity $ 150 $ 42 $ 23 $ 30 $ 55 $ 42 $ 6 $ 7 
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding property , plant and equipment policies. See Note
16 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information regarding Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE’ s
property , plant and equipment subject to mortgage liens.
202
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 8 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant
8. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant (Exelon, PECO, PHI, DPL, and ACE)
PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's material undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and transmission facilities as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
Transmission
NJ/DE
Operator PSEG/DPL
Ownership interest various
Exelon’ s share as of December 31, 2022:
Plant in service $ 103 
Accumulated depreciation 56 
Exelon’ s share as of December 31, 2021:
Plant in service $ 103 
Accumulated depreciation 55 
__________
(a)PECO, DPL, and ACE own a 42.55%, 1%, and 13.9% share, respectively, in 151.3 miles of 500kV lines located in New Jersey and in the Salem
generating plant substation. PECO, DPL, and ACE also own a 42.55%, 7.45%, and 7.45% share, respectively, in 2.5 miles of 500kV line located
over the Delaware River. ACE also has a 21.78% share in a 500kV New Freedom Switching substation.
PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's undivided ownership  interests are financed with their funds and all operations are accounted for as if
such participating interests were wholly owned facilities. PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's share of direct expenses of the jointly owned
plants are included in Operating and maintenance expenses in Exelon's, PECO's, PHI's, DPL's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
9. Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
The Registrants have AROs primarily associated with the abatement and disposal of equipment and buildings contaminated with
asbestos and PCBs. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on the Registrants’  accounting policy for
AROs. 
The following table provi des a rollforward of the AROs reflected in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets from December 31,
2020 to December 31, 2022:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
AROs as of December 31, 2020 $249 $129 $ 29 $ 23 $ 59 $ 39 $ 14 $ 6 
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of,
estimated future cash flows 26 15 — 2 10 5 2 3 
Accretion expense 7 4 1 1 1 1 — — 
Payments (8) (2) (1) — — — — — 
AROs as of December 31, 2021 274 146 29 26 70 45 16 9 
Net (decrease) increase due to changes in, and
timing of, estimated future cash flows (8) 2 (1) 3 (13) (8) (3) (2)
Accretion expense 8 4 1 1 2 2 — — 
Payments (3) (2) (1) — — — — — 
AROs as of December 31, 2022 $271 $150 $ 28 $ 30 $ 59 $ 39 $ 13 $ 7 
__________
(a)For ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, DPL and ACE, the majority of the accretion is recorded as an increase to a regulatory asset due to the
associated regulatory treatment.(a)
(a)
(a)
203
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
10. Leases  (All Registrants)
Lessee
The Registrants have operating and finance leases for which they are the lessees. The following  tables outline the significant types
of leases at each regist rant and other terms and conditions of the lease agreements as of December 31, 2022. Exelon, ComEd,
PECO, and BGE did not have material finance leases in 2022, 2021, or in 2020.
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Real estate ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Vehicles and equipment ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
(in years) Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms 1-83 1-3 1-11 1-83 1-9 1-9 1-9 1-7
Options to extend the term 3-30 N/A N/A N/A 3-30 5 3-30 5
Options to terminate within 1-10 1 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
The components of operating lease costs were as follows:
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Operating lease costs $ 66 $ 2 $ — $ 15 $ 42 $ 10 $ 12 $ 6 
Variable lease costs 8 1 — — 2 1 1 1 
Total lease costs $ 74 $ 3 $ — $ 15 $ 44 $ 11 $ 13 $ 7 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Operating lease costs $ 84 $ 3 $ — $ 30 $ 43 $ 10 $ 12 $ 6 
Variable lease costs 7 1 — 1 1 — — — 
Total lease costs $ 91 $ 4 $ — $ 31 $ 44 $ 10 $ 12 $ 6 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Operating lease costs $ 98 $ 3 $ 1 $ 33 $ 46 $ 11 $ 13 $ 6 
Variable lease costs 7 1 — 1 2 1 1 — 
Total lease costs $ 105 $ 4 $ 1 $ 34 $ 48 $ 12 $ 14 $ 6 
__________
(a)Excludes sublease income recorded at Exelon, PHI, and DPL of $4 million, $4 million, and $4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021, and 2020, respectively.(a)
(a)
(a)
204
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
The components of financing lease costs were as follows:
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Amortization of ROU asset $ 14 $ 5 $ 6 $ 3 
Interest on lease liabilities 4 1 2 1 
Total finance lease cost $ 18 $ 6 $ 8 $ 4 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Amortization of ROU asset $ 11 $ 4 $ 4 $ 3 
Interest on lease liabilities 2 1 1 — 
Total finance lease cost $ 13 $ 5 $ 5 $ 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Amortization of ROU asset $ 7 $ 3 $ 3 $ 2 
Interest on lease liabilities 2 — 1 — 
Total finance lease cost $ 9 $ 3 $ 4 $ 2 
The followin g tables provide additional information regarding the presentation of operating and finance lease ROU assets and lease
liabilities within the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Operating Leases
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022
Operating lease ROU assets
Other deferred debits and other assets$ 265 $ 2 $ 1 $ 2 $ 180 $ 36 $ 39 $ 9 
Operating lease liabilities
Other current liabilities 40 2 — — 31 6 8 3 
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities266 — 1 4 167 34 42 7 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 306 $ 2 $ 1 $ 4 $ 198 $ 40 $ 50 $ 10 
As of December 31, 2021
Operating lease ROU assets
Other deferred debits and other assets$ 271 $ 5 $ 1 $ 16 $ 209 $ 43 $ 46 $ 11 
Operating lease liabilities
Other current liabilities 52 2 — 15 31 6 8 3 
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities263 3 1 4 195 40 49 9 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 315 $ 5 $ 1 $ 19 $ 226 $ 46 $ 57 $ 12 
205
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022
Finance lease ROU assets
Plant, property and equipment, net $ 74 $ 25 $ 31 $ 18 
Finance lease liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year 12 4 5 3 
Long-term debt 64 21 27 16 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 76 $ 25 $ 32 $ 19 
As of December 31, 2021
Finance lease ROU assets
Plant, property and equipment, net $ 73 $ 25 $ 29 $ 19 
Finance lease liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year 10 3 4 3 
Long-term debt 64 23 25 16 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 74 $ 26 $ 29 $ 19 
The weighted average remaining lease terms, in years, for operating and finance leases were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022 9.5 1.0 5.5 70.9 6.8 8.1 7.9 3.3
As of December 31, 2021 8.9 3.3 6.1 13.7 7.5 8.6 8.5 3.5
As of December 31, 2020 9.0 3.8 4.2 8.3 8.2 9.1 9.1 4.0
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022 5.5 5.4 5.5 5.6
As of December 31, 2021 6.1 5.9 6.1 6.3
As of December 31, 2020 6.5 6.3 6.5 6.5
The weighted average discount rates for operating and finance leases were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022 3.9 % 2.6 % 2.3 % 4.5 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.3 %
As of December 31, 2021 4.0 % 2.8 % 2.2 % 4.0 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.4 %
As of December 31, 2020 4.0 % 3.0 % 2.9 % 3.8 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.5 %
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022 2.3 % 2.3 % 2.3 % 2.4 %
As of December 31, 2021 2.2 % 2.3 % 2.1 % 2.1 %
As of December 31, 2020 2.5 % 2.6 % 2.4 % 2.4 %
206
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
Future minimum lease payments for operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:
Operating Leases
Year Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2023 $ 52 $ 2 $ — $ 1 $ 37 $ 7 $ 10 $ 4 
2024 45 — — — 35 6 9 3 
2025 43 — — — 34 6 7 2 
2026 39 — — — 30 5 5 1 
2027 39 — — — 29 4 6 1 
Remaining years 161 — 1 18 67 20 25 — 
Total 379 2 1 19 232 48 62 11 
Interest 73 — — 15 34 8 12 1 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 306 $ 2 $ 1 $ 4 $ 198 $ 40 $ 50 $ 10 
Finance Leases
Year PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2023 $ 14 $ 5 $ 6 $ 3 
2024 14 5 6 3 
2025 15 5 6 4 
2026 15 5 6 4 
2027 12 4 5 3 
Remaining years 12 4 5 3 
Total 82 28 34 20 
Interest 6 3 2 1 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 76 $ 25 $ 32 $ 19 
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating and finance lease liabilities were as follows:
Operating cash flows from operating leases
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended
December 31, 2022$ 66 $ 3 $ — $ 16 $ 37 $ 8 $ 9 $ 4 
For the year ended
December 31, 202193 3 — 46 39 8 9 4 
For the year ended
December 31, 202067 3 1 20 39 8 9 4 
Financing cash flows from finance leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022 $ 13 $ 5 $ 5 $ 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2021 10 3 4 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020 6 2 3 1 
ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating and finance lease obligations were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended
December 31, 2022$ 46 $ — $ — $ — $ 2 $ — $ 1 $ 1 
For the year ended
December 31, 20211 — — (1) 1 — 1 — 
For the year ended
December 31, 2020(2) — 1 — (1) — (1) — 
207
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022 $ 14 $ 4 $ 7 $ 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2021 32 12 12 8 
For the year ended December 31, 2020 29 8 14 7 
Lessor
The Registrants have operating leases for which they are the lessors. The following tables outline the significant types of leases at
each registrant and other terms and conditions of their lease agreements as of December 31, 2022. ACE did not have any operating
leases for which they are the lessors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Durin g 2020, ACE was the lessor for an
operating lease, which expired in that year and resulted in less than $1 million in operating lease income.
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL
Real estate ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
(in years) Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL
Remaining lease terms 1-80 1-14 1-80 20 1-10 1-3 9-10
Options to extend the term 5-79 5-79 5-50 N/A N/A N/A N/A
The components of lease income were as follows:
Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Operating lease income $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 $ — $ 3 
Variable lease income 1 — — — 1 — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Operating lease income $ 5 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 $ — $ 3 
Variable lease income 1 — — — 1 — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Operating lease income $ 5 $ — $ — $ — $ 3 $ — $ 3 
Variable lease income 1 — — — 1 — 1 
Future minimum lease payments to be recovered under operating leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:
Year Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL
2023 $ 5 $ 1 $ — $ — $ 4 $ — $ 3 
2024 5 1 — — 3 — 3 
2025 5 — — — 4 — 5 
2026 5 — — — 5 — 4 
2027 5 — — — 5 — 4 
Remaining years 27 — 4 1 23 — 22 
Total $ 52 $ 2 $ 4 $ 1 $ 44 $ — $ 41 
208
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Asset Impairments
11. Asset Impairments (Exelon and BGE)
In the third quarter of 2022, a review of the impacts of COVID-19 on office use resulted in plans to cease the renovation and dispose
of an office building at BGE before the asset was placed into service. BGE determined that the carrying value was not recoverable
and that its fair value was less than carrying value. As a result, in 2022, a pre-tax impairment charge of $48 million was recorded in
Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and BGE’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The fair value used in the analysis was based on an estimate of an expected sales price. However , the office building did not meet
all of the criteria for classification as held for sale as of December 31, 2022, and therefore continues to be reported within Property ,
plant and equipment in Exelon’ s and BGE’ s Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022.
12. Intangible Assets
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE)
The following table presents the gross amount, accumulated impairment loss, and carrying amount of goodwill at Exelon, ComEd,
and PHI as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no additions or impairment s during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021.
Gross AmountAccumulated
Impairment Loss Carrying Amount
Exelon $ 8,613  $ 1,983  $ 6,630  
ComEd 4,608  1,983  2,625  
PHI 4,005  — 4,005  
__________
(a)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2000 from the PECO/Unicom merger (predecessor parent company of ComEd).
(b)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2016 from the PHI merger.
Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an assessment for impairment at least annually , or more frequently if events occur or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of ComEd's and PHI's reporting units below their carrying
amounts. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level
at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. A component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a
business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment
management. ComEd has a single operating segment. PHI's operating segments are Pepc o, DPL, and ACE. See Note 5 —
Segment Information for additional information. There is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are
regularly reviewed by segment management. Therefore, the ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE operating segments are also considered
reporting units for goodwill impairment assessment purposes. Exelon's and ComEd's $2.6 billion of goodwill has been assigned
entirely to the ComEd reporting unit, while Exelon's and PHI's $4.0 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL, and
ACE reporting units in the amounts of $ 2.1 billion, $ 1.4 billion, and $ 0.5 billion, respectively .
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd, and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed. If an entity bypasses the qualitative
assessment, a quantitative, fair value-based assessment is performed, which compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its
carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the entity recognizes an
impairment charge, which is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
Application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market(a)
(b)
209
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 12 — Intangible Assets
performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's businesses, and
the fair value of debt.
2022 and 2021 Goodw ill Impairment Assessment. ComEd and PHI qualitatively determined that it was more likely than not that
the fair values of their reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, did not perform quantitative assessments as of
November 1, 2022 and 2021. The last quantitativ e assessments performed were as of November 1, 2016 for ComEd and November
1, 2018 for PHI.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly
sensitive to changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments
of Exelon's, ComEd's, and PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material.
Other Intangible Assets and Liabilities (Exelon and PHI)
Exelon’ s other intangible  assets, included in Other current assets and Other deferred debits and other assets in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Exelon's and PHI's other intangible liabilities,
included in current and noncurrent Unamortized energy contract liabilities in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, consisted of the
following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The intangible assets and liabilities shown below are amortized on a straight-line
basis, except for unamo rtized energy contracts which are amortized in relation to the expected  realization of the underlying cash
flows:
December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021
GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net
Exelon
Unamortized Energy Contracts $(1,515 )$ 1,470  $ (45)$(1,515 )$ 1,280  $ (235)
Software License 81 (61) 20 81 (53) 28 
Exelon T otal $(1,434 )$ 1,409  $ (25)$(1,434 )$ 1,227  $ (207)
PHI
Unamortized Energy Contracts $(1,515 )$ 1,470  $ (45)$(1,515 )$ 1,280  $ (235)
The following table summarizes the amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities for each of the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon PHI
2022 $ (182)$ (190)
2021 (83) (92)
2020 (98) (115)
__________
(a)For PHI unamortized energy contracts, the amortization of the fair value adjustment amounts and the corresponding offsetting regulatory asset
amounts are amortized through Purchased power and fuel expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
resulting in no effect to net income.
(b)On March 23, 2022, the NJBPU approved a petition by ACE to terminate the provisions in its PPAs. As such, the contract was fully amortized
during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters for additional information.
The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2022:
For the Years Ending December 31, Exelon PHI
2023 $ (2)$ (10)
2024 — (8)
2025 (2) (5)
2026 (5) (5)
2027 (4) (4)(a) (a)
(b)
210
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
13. Income T axes (All Registrants)
Components of Income T ax Expense or Benefit
Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations is comprised of the following components:
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $(24)$ 29 $ 13 $ (1)$ 16 $ 9 $ (2)$ 6 
Deferred 106 117 18 (3) (23) (2) 2 (15)
Investment tax credit amortization (3) (1) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current (13) (6) (4) — 2 — — — 
Deferred 283 125 52 12 15 (16) 14 12 
Total $349 $264 $ 79 $ 8 $ 9 $ (9)$ 14 $ 3 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2021
 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $(152)$(30)$ 1 $(18)$ 18 $ 22 $ 2 $ 1 
Deferred 89 113 20 34 (52) (17) (14) (26)
Investment tax credit amortization (2) (1) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current (46) (41) — — — 1 1 — 
Deferred 149 131 (9) (51) 77 9 53 12 
Total $ 38 $172 $ 12 $(35)$ 42 $ 15 $ 42 $(13)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $(180)$(24)$ (7)$ 4 $ 25 $ 40 $(13)$ (4)
Deferred 10 112 1 10 (129) (62) (20) (43)
Investment tax credit amortization (3) (2) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current (37) (27) — — (5) — — — 
Deferred 203 118 (24) 27 33 15 8 6 
Total $ (7)$177 $(30)$ 41 $(77)$ (7)$(25)$(41)
Rate Reconciliation
The ef fective income tax rate from continuing operations varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate principally due to the following:
211
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 8.8 8.0 5.8 2.6 2.1 (4.1) 6.5 6.9 
Plant basis dif ferences (4.1) (0.6) (11.9) (1.0) (1.7) (2.7) (0.7) (0.7)
Excess deferred tax amortization (11.8) (5.6) (3.0) (19.8) (19.5) (16.8) (18.4) (24.5)
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes on
basis dif ferences (0.1) (0.1) — (0.1) (0.1) — (0.2) (0.2)
Tax credits 0.1 (0.3) — (0.7) (0.7) (0.7) (0.6) (0.5)
Other 0.6 — 0.2 0.1 0.4 0.3 0.1 — 
Effective income tax rate14.5 % 22.4 % 12.1 % 2.1 % 1.5 % (3.0)% 7.7 % 2.0 %
For the Year Ended December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of
federal income tax benefit 5.0 7.8 (1.4) (10.8) 10.1 2.7 25.0 7.4 
Plant basis dif ferences (5.4) (0.8) (13.6) (1.7) (1.1) (1.6) (0.8) (0.2)
Excess deferred tax amortization (17.2) (7.6) (3.8) (16.3) (22.4) (16.4) (20.0) (37.1)
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis dif ferences (0.1) (0.1) — (0.1) (0.1) — (0.2) (0.2)
Tax credits (0.7) (0.5) — (0.9) (0.5) (0.5) (0.4) (0.5)
Other (0.3) (1.0) 0.1 (0.6) — (0.4) 0.1 (0.2)
Effective income tax rate 2.3 % 18.8 % 2.3 % (9.4)% 7.0 % 4.8 % 24.7 % (9.8)%
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of
federal income tax benefit 11.9 11.6 (4.5) 5.5 5.1 4.5 6.6 7.0 
Plant basis dif ferences (8.6) (0.6) (18.7) (1.5) (1.6) (1.7) (0.4) (3.0)
Excess deferred tax
amortization (29.1) (11.2) (4.6) (13.9) (42.0) (25.4) (51.7) (82.1)
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis dif ferences (0.3) (0.3) — (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) (0.5)
Tax credits (0.5) (0.3) — (0.4) (0.3) (0.3) (0.3) (0.5)
Deferred Prosecution
Agreement payments 3.8 6.8 — — — — — — 
Other 1.2 1.8 (0.4) (0.1) (0.4) (0.7) 0.1 0.4 
Effective income tax rate (0.6)% 28.8 % (7.2)% 10.5 % (18.4)% (2.7)% (25.0)% (57.7)%
__________
(a)Positive percentages represent income tax expense. Negative percentages represent income tax benefit.
(b)For PECO, the lower effective tax rate is primarily related to plant basis differences attributable to tax repair deductions partially offset by higher
state income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit, related to a one-time expense of $38 million attributable to the change in the Pennsylvania
corporate income tax rate. For BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the lower effective tax rate is primarily related to the acceleration of certain
income tax benefits due to distribution and transmission rate case settlements.(a)
(b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(a)
(f) (f) (f) (f) (f)
(a)
(g) (g) (h) (h) (h) (h) (h)
212
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
(c)For Exelon, the higher state income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit, is primarily due to the long-term marginal state income tax rate
change of $67 million and the recognition of a valuation allowance of $40 million against the net deferred tax asset position for certain
standalone state filing jurisdictions, partially offset by a one-time impact associated with a state tax benefit of $43 million and indemnification
adjustments pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement of $11 million as a result of the separation. For PECO, the higher state income taxes, net of
federal income tax benefit, related to a one-time expense of $38 million attributable to the change in the Pennsylvania corporate income tax
rate.
(d)For Exelon, reflects the income tax expense related to the write-off of federal tax credits subject to recapture of $15 million as a result of the
separation.
(e)For Exelon, reflects the nondeductible transaction costs of approximately $12 million arising as part of the separation and indemnification
adjustments pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement of $9 million.
(f)For PECO, the lower effective tax rate is primarily related to plant basis differences attributable to tax repair deductions. For BGE, the income
tax benefit is primarily due to the Maryland multi-year plan which resulted in the acceleration of certain income tax benefits. For Pepco, the lower
effective tax rate is primarily related to the acceleration of certain income tax benefits due to distribution and transmission rate case settlements.
For DPL, the higher effective tax rate is primarily related to a state income tax expense, net of federal income tax benefit, due to the recognition
of a valuation allowance of approximately $31 million against a deferred tax asset associated with Delaware net operating loss carryforwards as
a result of a change in Delaware tax law. For ACE, the income tax benefit is primarily due to a distribution rate case settlement which allows
ACE to retain certain tax benefits.
(g)For ComEd, the higher effective tax rate is primarily related to the nondeductible DPA payments. For PECO, the negative effective tax rate is
primarily related to an increase in plant basis differences attributable to tax repair deductions related to an increase in storms and qualifying
projects in 2021.
(h)For BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the income tax benefit is primarily attributable to accelerated amortization of transmission related deferred
income tax regulatory liabilities as a result of regulatory settlements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
Tax Differences and Carryforwards
The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards, which give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets
(liabilities), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below:
As of December 31, 2022
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis dif ferences $(12,130 )$(4,823 )$(2,119 )$(1,949 )$(3,131 )$(1,394 )$(906)$(813)
Accrual based contracts 10 — — — 10 — — — 
Derivatives and other financial
instruments 26 23 — — 2 — — — 
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 551 (300) (31) (31) (80) (76) (39) (3)
Deferred debt refinancing costs 132 (5) — (2) 111 (4) (2) (1)
Regulatory assets and liabilities (1,107 ) (131) (169) 57 (50) 7 43 11 
Tax loss carryforward, net of
valuation allowances 250 — 33 72 71 3 20 46 
Tax credit carryforward 468 — — — — — — — 
Investment in partnerships (21) — — — — — — — 
Other , net 591 223 73 23 182 83 16 28 
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(11,230 )$(5,013 )$(2,213 )$(1,830 )$(2,885 )$(1,381 )$(868)$(732)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (14) (8) — (2) (4) (1) (1) (2)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and unamortized
investment tax credits $(11,244 )$(5,021 )$(2,213 )$(1,832 )$(2,889 )$(1,382 )$(869)$(734)
213
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
As of December 31, 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis dif ferences $(11,606 )$(4,648 )$(2,271 )$(1,826 )$(2,976 )$(1,321 )$(853)$(777)
Accrual based contracts 56 — — — 56 — — — 
Derivatives and other financial
instruments 63 61 — — 2 — — — 
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 641 (308) (32) (37) (90) (76) (40) (6)
Deferred debt refinancing costs 146 (6) — (2) 123 (2) (1) (1)
Regulatory assets and liabilities (1,130 ) 8 (280) 92 (53) 24 55 31 
Tax loss carryforward, net of
valuation allowances 242 — 65 68 64 2 18 42 
Tax credit carryforward 584 — — — — — — — 
Investment in partnerships (21) — — — — — — — 
Other , net 449 216 97 21 212 99 19 34 
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(10,576 )$(4,677 )$(2,421 )$(1,684 )$(2,662 )$(1,274 )$(802)$(677)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (15) (8) — (2) (5) (1) (1) (2)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and
unamortized investment tax
credits $(10,591 )$(4,685 )$(2,421 )$(1,686 )$(2,667 )$(1,275 )$(803)$(679)
The followin g table provides Exelon’ s, PECO’ s, BGE’ s, PHI’s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s carry forwards, of which the state related
items are presented on a post-apportioned basis, as well as, any corresponding valuation allowances as of December 31, 2022.
ComEd does not have net operating losses or credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2022.
Exelon PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Federal
Federal general business credits carryforwards $468 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
State
State net operating loss carryforwards 4,991  970 1,142  1,501  50 768 651 
Deferred taxes on state tax attributes (net of federal
taxes) 307 37 72 104 3 52 46 
Valuation allowance on state tax attributes (net of
federal taxes) 57 4 — 33 — 32 — 
Year in which net operating loss or credit
carryforwards will begin to expire 2035 2032 2033 2029 N/A 2032 2031
__________
(a)For Exelon, the federal general business credit carryforward will begin expiring in 2035.
(b)For Exelon, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against certain separate company state net operating loss carryforwards that are
expected to expire before realization. For PECO, a valuation allowance has been recorded against certain Pennsylvania net operating losses
that are expected to expire before realization. For DPL, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against Delaware net operating losses
carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law.
(c)A portion of Exelon's, BGE's, Pepco's, and DPL's Maryland state net operating loss carryforward have an indefinite carryforward period.(a)
(b)
(c)
214
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
Tabular Reconciliation of Unrecognized T ax Benefits
The following table presents changes in unrecognized tax benefits, for Exelon, PHI, and ACE. ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's,
and DPL's amounts are not material.
Exelon PHI ACE
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 95 $ 48 $ 14 
Change to positions that only af fect timing 6 3 1 
Increases based on tax positions related to 2020 3 — — 
Increases based on tax positions prior to 2020 26 1 — 
Decreases based on tax positions prior to 2020 (5) — — 
Balance at December 31, 2020 125 52 15 
Change to positions that only af fect timing 13 3 1 
Increases based on tax positions related to 2021 4 1 — 
Increases based on tax positions prior to 2021 4 — — 
Decreases based on tax positions prior to 2021 (3) — — 
Balance at December 31, 2021 143 56 16 
Change to positions that only af fect timing (1) 1 1 
Increases based on tax positions related to 2022 3 2 — 
Increases based on tax positions prior to 2022 3 — — 
Decreases based on tax positions prior to 2022 — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 148 $ 59 $ 17 
______
(a)As of December 31, 2022, Exelon recorded a receivable of $50 million in noncurrent Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for
Constellation’s share of unrecognized tax benefits for periods prior to the separation.
Recognition of unrecognized tax benefits
The following table prese nts Exelon's unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would decrea se the effective tax rate. The Utility
Registrants' amounts are not material.
Exelon
December 31, 2022 $ 90 
December 31, 2021 77 
December 31, 2020 73 
Reasonably possible the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within 12
months after the reporting date
As of Decem ber 31, 2022, ACE has approxima tely $14 million  of unrecognized state tax benefits that could significantly decrease
within the 12 months after the reporting date based on the outcome of pending court cases involving other taxpayers. The
unrecognized tax benefit, if recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the effective
tax rate.
Total amounts of interest and penalties recognized
The following table represents the net interest and penalties receivable (payable) related to tax positions reflected in Exelon's
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Utility Registrants' amounts are not material.
Net interest and penalties receivable as of Exelon
December 31, 2022 $ 45 
December 31, 2021 43 (a)
(a) (b)
(c)
215
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2022, the interest receivable balance is not expected to be settled in cash within the next twelve months and is therefore
classified as a noncurrent receivable.
(b)As of December 31, 2022, Exelon recorded a receivable of $1 million in noncurrent Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for
Constellation's share of net interest for periods prior to the separation.
(c)As of December 31, 2021, the interest receivable balance is not expected to be settled in cash within the next twelve months and is therefore
classified as a noncurrent receivable. In December of 2021, Exelon received a refund of approximately $272 million related to an interest netting
refund claim.
The Registrants did not record material interest and penalty expense related to tax positions reflected in their Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Interest expense and penalty expense are recorded in Interest expense, net and Other , net, respect ively, in Other income
and deductions in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Description of tax years open to assessment by major jurisdiction
Major Jurisdiction Open Years Registrants Impacted
Federal consolidated income tax returns 2010-2021 All Registrants
Delaware separate corporate income tax returns Same as federal DPL
District of Columbia combined corporate income tax returns 2019-2021 Exelon, PHI, Pepco
Illinois unitary corporate income tax returns 2012-2021 Exelon, ComEd
Maryland separate company corporate net income tax returns Same as federal BGE, Pepco, DPL
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2017-2018 Exelon
New Jersey combined corporate income tax returns 2019-2021 Exelon
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2018-2021 ACE
New York combined corporate income tax returns 2015-2021 Exelon
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2011-2016 Exelon
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2019-2021 Exelon
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2019-2021 PECO
__________
(a)Certain registrants are only open to assessment for tax years since joining the Exelon federal consolidated group; BGE beginning in 2012 and
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE beginning in 2016.
Other T ax Matters
Separation (Exelon)
In the first quarter of 2022, in connection with the separation, Exelon recorded an income tax expense related to continuing
operations of $148 million primarily due to the long-term marginal  state income tax rate change of $67 million discussed further
below , the recognition of valuation allowances of approximately $40 million against the net deferred tax assets positions for certain
standalone state filing jurisdictions, the write-of f of federal and state tax credits subject to recapture of $17 million, and nondeductib le
transaction costs for federal and state taxes of $ 24 million.
Tax Matters Agreement (Exelon)
In connection with the separation, Exelon entered into a TMA with Constellation. The TMA governs the respective rights,
responsibilities, and obligations between Exelon and Constellation after the separation with respect to tax liabilities, refunds and
attributes for open tax years that Constellation  was part of Exelon’ s consolidated group for U.S. federal, state, and local tax
purposes.
Indemnification for Taxes.  As a former subsidiary of Exelon, Constellation has joint and several liability with Exelon to the IRS and
certain state jurisdictions relating to the taxable periods prior to the separation. The TMA specifie s that Constellation is liable for their
share of taxes required to be paid by Exelon with respect to taxable periods prior to the separation to the extent Constellation would
have been responsible for such taxes under the existing Exelon tax sharing agreement. As a result, as of March 31, 2022, Exelon
recorded a receivable of $55 million in Current other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for Constellation’ s share of taxes for
periods(a)
216
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
prior to the separation. As of December 31, 2022, Exelon recorded a payable of $18 million in Current other liabilities that is due to
Constellation.
Tax Refunds.  The TMA specifies that Constellation is entitled to their share of any future tax refunds claimed by Exelon with respect
to taxable periods prior to the separation to the extent that Constellation would have received such tax refunds under the existing
Exelon tax sharing agreement.
Tax Attributes . At the date of separatio n certain tax attributes, primarily pre-closing tax credit carryforwards, that were generated by
Constellation were required by law to be allocated to Exelon. The TMA also provides that Exelon will reimburse Constellation when
those allocated tax attribute carryforwards are utilized. As of March 31, 2022, Exelon recorded a payable of $11 million and $484
million in Current other liabilities and Noncurrent other liabilities, respectively , in the Consolid ated Balance Sheet for tax credit
carryforwards that are expected to be utilized and reimbursed to Constellation. As of December 31, 2022, the current and noncurrent
payable amounts are $ 169 million and $ 362 million, respectively .
Long-T erm Marginal State Income T ax Rate (All Registrants)
Quarterly , Exelon reviews and updates its marginal state income tax rates for material changes in state tax laws and state
apportionment. The Registrants remeasure their existing deferred income tax balances to reflect the changes in marginal rates,
which result s in either an increase or a decrease to their net deferred income tax liability balances. Utility Registrants record
corresponding regulatory  liabilities or assets to the extent such amounts are probable of settle ment or recovery through customer
rates and an adjustment to income tax expense for all other amounts. In the first quarter of 2022 , Exelon updated its marginal state
income tax rates for changes in state apportio nment due to the separation, which resulted in an increase of $67 million to the
deferred tax liability at Exelon, and a corresponding adjustment to income tax expense, net of federal taxes. The impacts to ComEd,
BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material.
December 31, 2022 Exelon
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 67 
December 31, 2021
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 27 
December 31, 2020
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 66 
Pennsylvania Corporate Income T ax Rate Change (Exelon and PECO)
On July 8, 2022, Pennsylvania enacted House Bill 1342, which will permanently reduce the corpo rate income tax rate from 9.99% to
4.99%. The tax rate will be reduced to 8.99% for the 2023 tax year. Starting with the 2024 tax year, the rate is reduced by 0.50%
annually until it reaches 4.99% in 2031. As a result of the rate change, in the third quarter of 2022, Exelon and PECO recorded a
one-time decrease to deferred income taxes of $390 million with a correspon ding decrease to the deferred income taxes regulatory
asset of $428 million for the amounts that are expected to be settled through future customer rates and an increase to income tax
expense of $38 million (net of federal taxes). The tax rate decrease is not expected to have a material ongoing  impact to Exelon’ s
and PECO’s financial statements. PECO did not update its marginal state income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020.
Allocation of T ax Benefits (All Registrants)
The Utility Registrants are party to an agreement with Exelon and other subsidiaries of Exelon  that provides for the allocation of
consolidated tax liabilities and benefits (Tax Sharing Agreement). The Tax Sharing Agreement provides that each party is allocated
an amount of tax similar to that which would be owed had the party been separately subject to tax. In addition, any net federal and
state benefits attributable to Exelon are reallocated to the other Registrants. That allocation is treated as a contribution from Exelon
to the party receiving the benefit.
The following table presents the allocation of tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Shari ng Agreement, for the year ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
217
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022 $ 1 $ 47 $ — $ 28 $ 23 $ 3 $ 2 
December 31, 2021 1 19 — 17 16 — — 
December 31, 2020 14 17 — 17 8 6 1 
__________
(a)BGE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
(b)BGE, DPL, and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net
operating loss.
(c)BGE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
14. Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for essentially all current employees. Substantially all non-union
employees and electing  union employees hired  on or after January 1, 2001 participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
January 1, 2009, substantially all newly-hired union-represented employees participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
February 1, 2018 for most newly-hired BSC non-represented, non-craft, employees, January 1, 2021 for most newly-hired utility
management employees, and for certain newly -hired union employees pursuant to their collective bargaining agreements, these
newly-hired employees are not eligible for pension benefits, and will instead be eligible to receive an enhanced non-discretionary
employer contribution in an Exelon defined contribution savings plan. Effective January 1, 2018,  most newly-hired non-represented,
non-craft, employees are not eligible for OPEB benefits and employees represented by Local 614 are not eligible for retiree health
care benefits. Effective January 1, 2021, most non-represented, non-craft, employees who are under the age of 40 are not eligible
for retiree health care benefits. Effective January 1, 2022, management employees retiring on or after that date are no longer eligible
for retiree life insurance benefits.
Effective February 1, 2022, in connection with the separation, pension and OPEB obligations  and assets for current and former
employees of the Constellation business and certain other former employees of Exelon and its subsidiaries transferred to pension
and OPEB plans and trusts maintained by Constellation or its subsidiaries. The Exelon New England Union Employees Pension
Plan and Constellation Mystic Power , LLC Union Employees Pension Plan Including Plan A and Plan B were transferred. The
following OPEB plans were also transferred: Constellation Mystic Power , LLC Post-Employme nt Medical Savings Account Plan;
Exelon New England Union Post-Employment Medical Savings Account Plan; and the Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC Medical
Care and Prescription Drug Plan for Retired Employees.
As a result of the separ ation, Exelon restructured certain of its qualified pension plans. Pension obligations and assets for current
and former employees continuing with Exelon and who were participants in the Exelon Employee Pension Plan for Clinton, TMI, and
Oyster Cree k, Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC, and Nine Mile Point Pension Plan were merged into the
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Group, Inc, which was subsequently renamed, Exelon Pension Plan (EPP). Exelon employees
who particip ated in these plans prior to the separation now participate in the EPP. The mergin g of the plans did not change the
benefits of fered to the plan participants and, thus, had no impact on Exelon's pension obligations.(a)
(b)
(c)
218
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The tables below show  the pension and OPEB plans in which employees of each operating company participated as of
December 31, 2022:
Operating Company
Name of Plan: ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Qualified Pension Plans:
Exelon Corporation Retirement Program X X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Pension Plan for Bargaining Unit
Employees X
Exelon Pension Plan X X X X X X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Retirement Plan X X X X X X X
Non-Qualified Pension Plans:
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan and
2000 Excess Benefit Plan X X X
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management Retirement
Plan X X X X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior Executive Supplemental
Plan X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits Restoration Plan X X X
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Executive Benefit Plan X
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Manager Benefit Plan X X
Pepco Holdings LLC 2011 Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan X X X X
Conectiv Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan X X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Combined Executive Retirement Plan X X
Operating Company
Name of Plan:  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
OPEB Plans:
PECO Energy Company Retiree Medical Plan X X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Health Care Program X X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Employees’ Life Insurance Plan X X X
Exelon Corporation Health Reimbursement Arrangement Plan X X X
BGE Retiree Medical Plan X X X X X X
BGE Retiree Dental Plan X
Exelon Retiree Medical Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC X X X
Exelon Retiree Dental Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC X X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Welfare Plan for Retirees X X X X X X X
__________
(a)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Exelon plans.
(b)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Constellation Energy Group (CEG) Plans.
(c)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy CENG plans.
(d)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy PHI plans.
(e)Employees generally remain in their legacy benefit plans when transferring between operating companies.(e)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(d)
(d)
(d)
(e)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(c)
(c)
(d)
219
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Exelon’ s traditional and cash balance pension plans are intended to be tax-qualified defined benefit plans. Exelon has elected that
the trusts underlying these plans be treated as qualified trusts under the IRC. If certain conditions are met, Exelon can deduct
payments made to the qualified trusts, subject to certain IRC limitations.
Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets, and Funded Status
As of Februa ry 1, 2022, in connection with the separation, Exelon's pension and OPEB plans were remeasured. The remeasurement
and separation resulted in a decrease to the pension obligation, net of plan assets, of $921 million and a decrease to the OPEB
obligation of $893 million. Additionally , accumulated other comprehensive loss, decreased by $1,994  million (after-tax) and
regulatory assets and liabilities increased by $14 million and $5 million respectively . Key assumptions were held consistent with the
year end December 31, 2021 assumptions with the exception of the discount rate.
During the first quarter of 2022, Exelon received  an updated valuation of its pension and OPEB to reflect actual census data as of
February 1, 2022. This valuation resulted in a decrease to the pension obligations of $24 million and an increase to the OPEB
obligations of $5 millio n. Additionally , accumulated other comprehensive loss increased by $5 millio n (after-tax) and regulatory
assets and liabilities decreased by $ 30 million and $ 3 million, respectively .
The followin g tables provide a rollforward of the changes in the benefit obligations and plan asse ts of Exelon for the most recent two
years for all plans combined:
Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 2021 2022 2021
Change in benefit obligation:
Net benefit obligation as of the beginning of year $ 14,236  $ 14,861  $ 2,502  $ 2,661  
Service cost 236 294 41 51 
Interest cost 439 406 76 69 
Plan participants’  contributions — — 26 32 
Actuarial (gain) loss (3,379 ) (442) (604) (116)
Settlements — (23) — (5)
Gross benefits paid (855) (860) (157) (190)
Net benefit obligation as of the end of year $ 10,677  $ 14,236  $ 1,884  $ 2,502  
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 2021 2022 2021
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of net plan assets as of the beginning of
year $ 12,165  $ 11,883  $ 1,665  $ 1,635  
Actual return on plan assets (2,359 ) 822 (225) 130 
Employer contributions 570 343 42 63 
Plan participants’  contributions — — 26 32 
Gross benefits paid (855) (860) (157) (190)
Settlements — (23) — (5)
Fair value of net plan assets as of the end of year $ 9,521  $ 12,165  $ 1,351  $ 1,665  
__________
(a)The pension and OPEB gains in 2022 and 2021 primarily reflect an increase in the discount rate.(a)
220
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Exelon presents its benefit obligations and plan assets net on its Consolidated Balance Sheets within the following line items:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 2021 2022 2021
Other current liabilities $ 47 $ 20 $ 26 $ 26 
Pension obligations 1,109  2,051  — — 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — — 507 811 
Unfunded status (net benefit obligation less plan
assets) $ 1,156  $ 2,071  $ 533 $ 837 
The following table provides the ABO and fair value of plan assets for all pension plans with an ABO in excess of plan
assets. Information for pension and OPEB plans with projected benefit obligations (PBO) and accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation (APBO), respectively , in excess of plan assets has been disclosed in the Obligations and Plan Assets table above as all
pension and OPEB plans are underfunded.
Exelon
ABO in Excess of Plan Assets 2022 2021
ABO $ 10,108  $ 13,497  
Fair value of net plan assets 9,427  12,165  
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs
The majority  of the 2022 pension benefit cost for the Exelon-sponsored plans is calculated using an expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets of 7.00% and a discount rate of 3.24%. The majo rity of the 2022 OPEB cost is calculated using an expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.44% for funded plans and a discount rate of 3.20%.
A portion of the net perio dic benefit cost for all plans is capitalized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table prese nts
the compon ents of Exelon’ s net periodic benefit costs, prior to capitalization, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020.
Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020
Components of net periodic
benefit cost:
Service cost $ 236 $ 294 $ 251 $ 41 $ 51 $ 56 
Interest cost 439 406 476 76 69 93 
Expected return on assets (822) (843) (796) (99) (99) (101)
Amortization of:
Prior service cost (credit) 2 2 3 (19) (25) (76)
Actuarial loss 295 399 349 12 27 34 
Curtailment benefits — — — — — (1)
Settlement and other charges — 7 6 — 1 1 
Net periodic benefit cost $ 150 $ 265 $ 289 $ 11 $ 24 $ 6 
221
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Cost Allocation to Exelon Subsidiaries
All Registrants account for their participation in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans by applying multi-employer accounting. Exelon
allocates costs related to its pension and OPEB plans to its subsidiaries based on both active and retired employee participation in
each plan.
The amount s below represent the Registrants'  allocated pension and OPEB costs. For Exelon, the service cost component is
included in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant, and equipment, net while the non-service cost components are
included in Other , net and Regulatory assets. For the Utility Registrants, the service cost and non-service cost components are
included in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant, and equipment, net in their consolidated financial statements.
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2022 $ 161 $ 60 $ (9)$ 44 $ 53 $ 9 $ 3 $ 12 
2021 288 129 8 64 49 6 2 11 
2020 296 114 5 64 70 15 7 14 
Components of AOCI and Regulatory Assets
Exelon recognizes the overfunded or underfund ed status of defined benefit pension and OPEB plans as an asset or liability on its
Consolidated Balance Sheets, with offsetting entries to AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities). A portion of current year actuarial
(gains) losse s and prior service costs (credits) is capitalized in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balan ce Sheets to reflect the expected
regulatory recovery of these amounts, which would otherwise be recorded to AOCI. The following tables provide the components of
AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities) for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 for all plans combined.
The tables include amounts related to Generation prior to the separation.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020
Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations
recognized in AOCI and regulatory assets
(liabilities):
Current year actuarial (gain) loss $ (226)$ (700)$ 941 $ (271)$ (270)$ 22 
Amortization of actuarial loss (295) (598) (512) (12) (37) (49)
Separation of Constellation (2,631 ) — — (43) — — 
Current year prior service cost (credit) — — — — — (111)
Amortization of prior service (cost) credit (2) (3) (4) 19 34 124 
Curtailments — — — — — 1 
Settlements — (27) (14) — (1) (1)
Total recognized in AOCI and regulatory assets
(liabilities) $(3,154 )$(1,328 )$ 411 $ (307)$ (274)$ (14)
Total recognized in AOCI $(2,719 )$ (747)$ 271 $ (74)$ (130)$ 6 
Total recognized in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ (435)$ (581)$ 140 $ (233)$ (144)$ (20)
222
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The following table provides the components of gross accumulated other comprehensive loss and regulatory assets (liabilities) for
Exelon that have not been recognized as components of periodic benefit cost as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively , for
all plans combined:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2022 2021 2022 2021
Prior service cost (credit) $ 19 $ 32 $ (55)$ (111)
Actuarial loss (gain) 3,611  6,752  (133) 230 
Total $ 3,630  $ 6,784  $ (188)$ 119 
Total included in AOCI $ 873 $ 3,592  $ (21)$ 53 
Total included in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 2,757  $ 3,192  $ (167)$ 66 
Average Remaining Service Period
For pension benefits, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs (credits) and certain actuarial (gains) losses, as
applicable, based on participants’  average remaining service periods.
For OPEB, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs (credits) over participants’  average remaining service period to
benefit eligibility age and amortizes certain actuarial (gains) losses over participants’  average remaining service period to expected
retirement. The resulting average remaining service periods for pension and OPEB were as follows:
2022 2021 2020
Pension plans 12.5 12.4 12.3 
OPEB plans:
Benefit Eligibility Age 7.9 7.6 9.0 
Expected Retirement 9.1 8.8 10.2 
Assumptions
The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under Exelon’ s define d benefit and OPEB plans involves
various facto rs, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting  policy elections. The measurement
of benefit obligations and costs is impacted by several assumptions and inputs, as shown below, among other factors. When
developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations.
Expected Rate of Return.  In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and GDP
growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectations regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by
Exelon’ s target asset class allocations.
Mortality . The mortal ity assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, Exelon’ s mortality assumption utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2021
improvement scale adjusted to use Proxy SSA  ultimate improvement rates.
For Exelon, the followin g assumptions were used to determine the benefit obligations for the plans as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. Assumptions used to determine year-end benefit obligations are the assumptions used to estimate the subsequent year’s net
periodic benefit costs.
223
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2022  2021  2022  2021
Discount rate 5.53 % 2.92 % 5.51 % 2.88 %
Investment crediting rate 5.07 % 3.75 % N/A N/A
Rate of compensation increase 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 %
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with MP-
2021 improvement
scale (adjusted)Pri-2012 table with MP-
2021 improvement
scale (adjusted)Pri-2012 table with MP-
2021 improvement
scale (adjusted)  Pri-2012 table with MP-
2021 improvement
scale (adjusted)
Health care cost trend on covered charges N/A N/AInitial and ultimate rate
of 5.00%Initial and ultimate trend
of 5.00%
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB obligations. Certain benefit
plans used individual rates, which range from 5.46% - 5.60% and 5.49% - 5.51% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31,
2022 and 2.55% - 3.02% and 2.84% - 2.92% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31, 2021.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
The followin g assumptions were used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020: 
 Pension Benefits  OPEB
2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020
Discount rate 3.24 % 2.58 % 3.34 % 3.20 % 2.51 % 3.31 %
Investment crediting rate 3.75 % 3.72 % 3.82 % N/A N/A N/A
Expected return on plan assets 7.00 % 7.00 % 7.00 % 6.44 % 6.46 % 6.69 %
Rate of compensation increase 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 % 3.75 %
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with
MP- 2021
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP - 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP - 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2021
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP - 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP - 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)
Health care cost trend on covered
charges N/A N/A N/AInitial and ultimate
rate
of 5.00%Initial and ultimate
rate of 5.00%Initial and ultimate
rate of 5.00%
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB costs. Certain benefit plans
used individual rates, which range from 2.55%-3.24% and 2.84%-3.20% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2022; 2.11%-2.73% and 2.45%-2.63% for pension and OPEB plans; respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021; and
3.02%-3.44% and 3.27%-3.40% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
(c)Not applicable to pension and OPEB plans that do not have plan assets.
Contributions
Exelon allocates contribu tions related to its legacy Exelon pension and OPEB plans to its subsidi aries based on accounting cost. For
legacy CEG, CENG, FitzPatrick, and PHI plans, pension and OPEB contributions are allocated to the subsidiaries based on
employee participation (both active and retired). For Exelon, in connection with the separation, additional qualified pension
contributions of $207 million and $33 million were completed  on February 1, 2022 and March 2, 2022, respectively . The following
tables provide contributions to the pension and OPEB plans:(a)
(b) 
(a)
(b)   
(c)
   
224
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2022 2021 2020 2022  2021  2020
Exelon $ 570 $ 343 $ 306 $ 42 $ 63 $ 40 
ComEd 176 174 143 8 22 5 
PECO 15 17 18 3 1 — 
BGE 48 57 56 20 24 22 
PHI 69 39 30 9 9 9 
Pepco 3 2 2 8 9 9 
DPL 1 1 — — — — 
ACE 7 3 2 — — — 
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100% funded
status on an ABO basis over time. This funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions.
Based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change, Exelon’ s estimated annual qualified
pension contributions will be approximately $20 million in 2023. Unlike the qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s non-qualified pension
plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While OPEB plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its plans. For
Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has historically
considered several facto rs in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, includin g liabilities management, levels of
benefit claims paid, and regulatory implication s (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
The following table provides all Registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans , planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to OPEB plans in 2023:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 20 $ 48 $ 47 
ComEd 20 3 19 
PECO — 1 — 
BGE — 1 15 
PHI — 9 11 
Pepco — 1 11 
DPL — — — 
ACE — — — 
225
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
Estimated future benefit payments to participants in all of the pension plans and postretirement benefit plans as of December 31,
2022 were:
Pension Benefits OPEB
2023 $ 805 $ 152 
2024 775 152 
2025 789 152 
2026 790 152 
2027 798 153 
2028 through 2032 3,983  744 
Total estimated future benefits payments through 2032 $ 7,940  $ 1,505  
Plan Assets
Investment Strategy . On a regula r basis, Exelon evaluates its investm ent strategy to ensure that plan assets will be sufficient to pay
plan benefits when due. As part of this ongoing evaluation, Exelon may make changes to its targeted asset allocation and
investment strategy .
Exelon has developed and implemented a liability hedging investment strategy for its qualified pension plans that has reduced the
volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. Exelon is likely to continue to gradually increase the liability hedging
portfolio as the funded status of its plans improves. The overall objective is to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns that will
balance the liquidity requirements of the plans’  liabilities while striving to minimize the risk of significant losses. Trust assets for
Exelon’ s OPEB plans are managed in a diversified investment strategy that prioritizes maximizing liquidity and returns while
minimizing asset volatility .
Actual asset returns have an impact on the costs reported for the Exelon-sponsored pension and OPEB plans. The actual asset
returns across Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans for the year ended December 31, 2022 were (18.69 )% and (11.36 )%, respectively ,
compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00% and 6.44%, respectively . Exelon used an EROA  of 7.00% and
6.50% to estimate its 2023 pension and OPEB costs, respectively .
Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan target asset allocations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021
Asset Category Pension Benefits OPEB Pension Benefits OPEB
Equity securities 28 % 44 % 35 % 44 %
Fixed income securities 44 % 41 % 41 % 41 %
Alternative investments 28 % 15 % 24 % 15 %
Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 100 %
__________
(a)Alternative investments include private equity, hedge funds, real estate, and private credit.
Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Exelo n evaluated its pension and OPEB plans’  asset portfolios for the existence of significant
concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2022. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to,
investment concentrations in a single entity , type of industry , foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2022, there
were no significant concentrations (defined as greater than 10% of plan assets) of risk in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan assets.(a)
226
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present pension and OPEB plan assets measured and recorded at fair value in Exelon's Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Pension plan assets
Cash and cash
equivalents $ 200 $ — $ — $ — $ 200 $ 260 $ 91 $ — $ — $ 351 
Equities 1,448 — — 782 2,230 2,699 — 2 1,273 3,974 
Fixed income:
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 986 178 — — 1,164 1,002 176 — — 1,178 
State and
municipal debt — 44 — — 44 — 47 — — 47 
Corporate debt — 1,975 12 — 1,987 — 2,523 325 — 2,848 
Other — 63 — 744 807 43 161 12 301 517 
Fixed income subtotal 986 2,260 12 744 4,002 1,045 2,907 337 301 4,590 
Private equity — — — 1,169 1,169 — — — 1,124 1,124 
Hedge funds — — — 760 760 — — — 774 774 
Real estate — — — 821 821 — — — 760 760 
Private credit — — — 658 658 — — 130 603 733 
Pension plan assets
subtotal 2,634 2,260 12 4,934 9,840 4,004 2,998 469 4,835 12,306 
OPEB plan assets
Cash and cash
equivalents 39 — — — 39 54 41 — — 95 
Equities 305 1 — 273 579 387 2 — 324 713 
Fixed income:
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 17 45 — — 62 14 44 — — 58 
State and
municipal debt — 8 — — 8 — 7 — — 7 
Corporate debt — 44 — — 44 — 74 — — 74 
Other 161 5 — 187 353 223 4 — 136 363 
Fixed income subtotal 178 102 — 187 467 237 129 — 136 502 
Hedge funds — — — 120 120 — — — 175 175 
Real estate — — — 106 106 — — — 86 86 
Private credit — — — 39 39 — — — 84 84 
OPEB plan assets
subtotal 522 103 — 725 1,350 678 172 — 805 1,655 
Total pension and OPEB
plan assets $ 3,156 $ 2,363 $ 12 $ 5,659 $11,190 $ 4,682 $ 3,170 $ 469 $ 5,640 $13,961 (a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(a)
(c)
(d)
227
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
__________
(a)See Note 17—Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy.
(b)Includes derivative instruments of $11 million and $(2) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have
total notional amounts of $3,434 million and $3,481 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The notional principal amounts
for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the
amount of the company’s exposure to credit or market loss.
(c)Includes investments in equities sold short held in investment vehicles primarily to hedge the equity option component of its convertible debt.
Pension equities sold short totaled $(44) million as of December 31, 2021. OPEB equities sold short totaled $(18) million as of December 31,
2021. There were no individually held investments sold short in 2022.
(d)Excludes net liabilities of $318 million and $131 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which include certain derivative assets
that have notional amounts of $69 million and $127 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These items are required to
reconcile to the fair value of net plan assets and consist primarily of receivables or payables related to pending securities sales and purchases,
interest and dividends receivable, and repurchase agreement obligations. The repurchase agreements generally have maturities ranging from 3-
6 months.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities for Exelon measured at fair value for pension and
OPEB plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:
Fixed Income Equities Private Credit Total
Pension Assets
Balance as of January 1, 2022 $ 337 $ 2 $ 130 $ 469 
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held as of the
reporting date (9) — (15) (24)
Relating to assets sold during the
period (19) — 13 (6)
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases — — 7 7 
Settlements (1) — (52) (53)
Transfers out of Level 3 (296) (2) (83) (381)
Balance as of December 31, 2022 $ 12 $ — $ — $ 12 
Fixed Income Equities Private Credit Total
Pension Assets
Balance as of January 1, 2021 $ 348 $ 1 $ 136 $ 485 
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held as of the
reporting date (12) — 18 6 
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 10 — 5 15 
Settlements (13) — (29) (42)
Transfers into Level 3 4 1 — 5 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ 337 $ 2 $ 130 $ 469 
__________
(a)Represents cash settlements only.
(b)In 2022, transfers relate to changes in investment structure for certain investments due to the separation.
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
The techniq ues used to fair value the pension  and OPEB assets invested in cash equivalents are the same as the valuation
techniques used to determine the fair value of financial assets. See Cash Equivalents in Note 17 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and
Liabilities for further information. Below outlines the techniques used to fair value the pension and OPEB assets invested in equities,
fixed income, derivatives, private credit, private equity , and real estate investments.(a)
(b)
(a)
228
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Equities.  These investments consist of individually held equity securities, equity mutual funds, and equity commingled funds in
domestic and foreign markets. With respect to individually held equity securities, the trustees obtain prices from pricing services,
whose price s are generally obtained from direct  feeds from market exchanges, which Exelon is able to independently corroborate.
Equity securities held individually , including real estate investment trusts, rights, and warrants, are primarily traded on exchanges
that contain only active ly traded securities due to the volume trading requirements imposed  by these exchanges. The equity
securities that are held directly by the trust funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and categorized as Level 1.
Certain equity securities have been categorized as Level 2 because they are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable
market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities. Certain private placement equity securities are categorized
as Level 3 because they are not publicly traded and are priced using significant unobservable inputs.
Equity comm ingled funds and mutual funds are maintained by investment companies, and fund investments are held in accordance
with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly
quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For equity
commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted, the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund
share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets on the underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value
hierarchy . These investments can typically be redeemed monthly or more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without
further restrictions.
Fixed income.  For fixed income securities, which consist primarily of corporate debt securities, U.S. government securities, foreign
government securities, municipal bonds, asset and mortgage-backed securities, commingled funds, mutual funds, and derivative
instruments, the trustees obtain multiple prices from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations in
addition to checks for unusual daily movements . A primary price source is identified based on asset type, class, or issue for each
security . With respect to individually held fixed income securities, the trustees monitor prices supplied by pricing services and may
use a supplemental price source or change the primary price source of a given security if the portfolio managers challenge an
assigned price and the trustees determine that another price source is considered to be preferable. Exelon has obtained an
understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such prices.
Additionally , Exelon selectively corroborates the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based price sources.
Investments in U.S. Treasury securities have been categorized as Level 1 because they trade in highly-liquid and transparent
markets. Certain private placement fixed income securities have been categorized as Level 3 because they are priced using certain
significant unobservable inputs and are typically illiquid. The remaining fixed income securities, including certain other fixed income
investments, are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar
securities, adjusted for observable dif ferences and are categorized as Level 2.
Other fixed income investments primarily consi st of fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds, which are maintained by
investment companies and hold fund investmen ts in accordance with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these
funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active
markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted,
the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the
underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly or
more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Derivative instruments.  These instruments, consisting primarily of futures and swaps to manage risk, are recorded at fair value.
Over-the-counter derivatives are valued daily, based on quoted prices in active markets and trade in open markets, and have been
categorized as Level 1. Derivative instruments other than over-the-counter derivatives are valued based on external price data of
comparable securities and have been categorized as Level 2.
Private credit.  Private credit investments primarily consist of investments in private debt strategies. These investments are generally
less liquid assets with an underlying term of 3 to 5 years and are intended to be held to maturity . The fair value of these investments
is determined by the fund manager or administrator using a combination of valuation models including cost models, market models,
and income models and typically cannot be redeemed until maturity of the term loan. Private  credit investments held directly by
Exelon are categorized as Level 3 because they are based largely on inputs that are unobservable and utilize complex valuation
models. For managed private credit funds, the fair value is determined using a combination of valuation models including
229
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
cost models, market models, and income models and typically cannot be redeemed until maturity of the term loan. Managed private
credit fund investments are not classified within  the fair value hierarchy because their fair value is determined using NAV or its
equivalent as a practical expedient.
Private equity . These investments include those in limited partnerships that invest in operating companies that are not publicly traded
on a stock exchange such as leveraged buyouts, growth capital, venture capital, distressed investments, and investments in natural
resources. These investments typically cannot be redeemed and are generally liquidated over a period of 8 to 10 years from the
initial investment date, which is based on Exelon 's understanding of the investment funds. Private equity valuations are reported by
the fund manager and are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include unobservable inputs such as cost,
operating results, discounted future cash flows, and market based comparable data. These valuation inputs are unobservable. The
fair value of private equity investments is deter mined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these
investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Real estate.  These investments are funds with a direct inves tment in pools of real estate properties. These funds are reported by the
fund manager and are generally based on independent appraisals of the underlying investments from sources with professional
qualifications, typically using a combination of market based comparable data and discounted cash flows. These valuation inputs are
unobservable. Certain real estate investments cannot be redeemed and are generally liquidated over a period of 8 to 10 years from
the initial investment date, which is based on Exelon's understanding of the investment funds. The remaining liquid real estate
investments are generally redeemable from the investment vehicle quarterly , with 30 to 90 days of notice. The fair value of real
estate investments is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these investments are not
classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Pension and OPEB assets also include investm ents in hedge funds. Hedge fund investments include those that employ a broad
range of strategies to enhance returns and provide additional diversification. The fair value of hedge funds is determined using NAV
or its equiva lent as a practical expedient, and therefore, hedge funds are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . Exelon has the
ability to redeem these investments at NAV or its equivalent subject to certain restrictions which may include a lock-up period or a
gate.
Defined Contribution Savings Plan
The Registrants participate in a 401(k) defined contribution savings plan that is sponsored by Exelon. The plan is qualified under
applicable sections of the IRC and allows emplo yees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in accordance
with specified guidelines. All Registrants match a percentage of the employee contributions up to certain limits. The following table
presents the employer contributions and emplo yer matching contributions to the savings plan for the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021, and 2020:
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2022 $ 91 $ 39 $ 13 $ 11 14 $ 4 $ 3 $ 2 
2021 90 35 12 12 14 4 3 2 
2020 95 36 12 13 14 4 3 3 
15. Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk and interest rate risk related to ongoing business
operations. The Registrants do not execute derivatives for speculative or proprietary trading purposes.
Authoritative guidance requires that derivative instruments be recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value, with changes in
fair value of the derivative recognized in earnings immediately . Other accounting treatments are available through special election
and designa tion, provide d they meet specific, restrictive criteria both at the time of designatio n and on an ongoing basis. These
alternative permissible accounting treatments include NPNS, cash flow hedges, and fair value hedges. At ComEd, derivative
economic hedges related to commodities are recorded at fair value and offset by a corresponding regulatory asset or liability . At
Exelon, deriv ative economic hedges related to interest rates are recorded at fair value and offsets are recorded to Electric operating
revenues or Interest expense based on the activity the transaction is economically hedging.
230
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
For all NPNS derivative instruments, accounts receivable or accounts payable are recorded when derivatives settle and revenue or
expense is recognized in earnings as the unde rlying physical commodity is sold or consumed. At Exelon, derivative hedges that
qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded at fair value and of fsets are recorded to AOCI.
ComEd’ s use of cash collateral is generally unrestricted unless ComEd is downgraded below investment grade. Cash collateral held
by PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE must be deposited in an unaffiliated major U.S. commercial bank or foreign bank with a U.S.
branch of fice that meets certain qualifications.
Commodity Price Risk
The Registrants employ established policies and procedures to manage their risks associated with market fluctuations in commodity
prices by entering into physical and financial derivative contracts, which are either determined to be non-derivative or classified as
economic hedges. The Utility Registrants procure electric and natural gas supply through a competitive procurement process
approved by each of the respective state utility  commissions. The Utility Registrants’  hedging  programs are intended to reduce
exposure to energy and natural gas price volatility and have no direct earnings impact as the costs are fully recovered from
customers through regulatory-approved recovery mechanisms. The following table provides a summary of the Utility Registrants’
primary derivative hedging instruments, listed by commodity and accounting treatment.
Registrant Commodity Accounting Treatment Hedging Instrument
ComEd Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts based on all requirements in the IPA
procurement plans.
Electricity Changes in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liability20-year floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts beginning June 2012
based on the renewable energy resource procurement requirements
in the Illinois Settlement Legislation of approximately 1.3 million
MWhs per year.
PECO Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for default supply requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNS Fixed price contracts to cover about 10% of planned natural gas
purchases in support of projected firm sales.
BGE Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNS Fixed price contracts for between 10-20% of forecasted system
supply requirements for flowing (i.e., non-storage) gas for the
November through March period.
Pepco Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
DPL Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNS Fixed and index priced contracts through full requirements contracts.
Gas Changes in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liabilityExchange traded future contracts for up to 50% of estimated
monthly purchase requirements each month, including purchases for
storage injections.
ACE Electricity NPNS Fixed price contracts for all BGS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
_________
(a)See Note 3—Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(b)The fair value of the DPL economic hedge is not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The fair value of derivative economic hedges is presented in Other current assets and current and noncurrent Mark-to-market
derivative liabilities in Exelon's and ComEd's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Interest Rate and Other Risk (Exelon)
Exelon Corp orate uses a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage interest rate exposure. Exelon Corporate may
utilize interest rate derivatives to lock in rate levels in anticipation of future financings, which are typically designated as cash flow
hedges. In addition, Exelon Corporate may also utilize interest rate(a)
(b)
231
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
swaps to manage intere st rate exposure and manage potential fluctuations in Electric operating revenues at the corporate level in
consolidation, which are directly correlated to yields on U.S. Treasury bonds under ComEd's distribution formula rate. These interest
rate swaps are account ed for as economic hedges. A hypothetical 50 basis point change in the interest rates associated with
Exelon's interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2022 would result in an immaterial impact to Exelon's Consolidated Net Income.
Below is a summary of the interest rate hedge balances as of December 31, 2022. Exelon had no interest rate hedge activity in
2021.
December 31, 2022Derivatives Designated
as Hedging Instruments Economic HedgesTotal
Other deferred debits (noncurrent assets) $ 6 $ 5 $ 11 
Total derivative assets 6 5 11 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current liabilities) — (3) (3)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent liabilities) (4) — (4)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (4) (3) (7)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets $ 2 $ 2 $ 4 
Cash Flow Hedges (Interest Rate Risk)
For derivativ e instruments that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value each period are initially
recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings when the underlying transaction affects earnings . In 2022, Exelon Corporate entered
into $635 million notional of 5-year maturity floating-to-fixed swaps and $635 million notional of 10-year maturity floating-to-fixed
swaps, for a total of $1,270  million as of Decembe r 31, 2022. Exelon had no swaps designated as cash flow hedges as of
December 31, 2021. In January 2023, Exelon Corporate entered into $115 million notional of 5-yea r maturity floating-to-fixed swaps
and $115 million notional of 10-year maturity floating-to-fixed swaps, for a total of $230 million designated as cash flow hedges. The
total notional of the swaps issued as of the balance sheet date and subsequently are $ 1,500  million.
The AOCI derivative gain is $2 million as of December 31, 2022. There were no amounts reclassified to Net Income in 2022. See
Note 21 – Changes in Accumulated Other Com prehensive Income for additional information. Exelon had no swaps designated as
cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2021.
Economic Hedges (Interest Rate and Other Risk)
Exelon Corporate executes derivative instrumen ts to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in interest  rates but for which the fair value or
cash flow hedge electio ns were not made. For derivatives intended to serve as economic hedges, fair value is recorded on the
balance sheet and changes in fair value each period are recognized in earnings or as a regulatory asset or liability , if regulatory
requirements are met, each period.
Exelon Corp orate enters  into floating-to-fixed interest rate cap swaps to manage a portion of interest rate exposure in connection
with existing borrowings. In 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into $1,000  millio n notional of 18-month maturity floating-to-fixed
interest rate cap swaps and $850 million notional of 6-month maturity floating-to-fixed interest rate cap swaps, for a total of $1,850
million notio nal of floating-to-fixed interest rate cap swaps as of December 31, 2022. Exelon had no swaps as of December 31,
2021.
Additionally , to manage potential fluctuations in Electric operating revenues related to ComEd's distribution formula rate, Exelon
Corporate enters into 30-year constant maturity treasury interest rate (Corporate 30-year treasury ) swaps. As of December 31, 2022,
Exelon Corp orate entered into $500 million notional of calendar year 2023 Corpor ate 30-year treasury swaps. In January and
February 2023, Exelon Corporate entered into a total of $1,500  million notional of calendar year 2023 Corpora te 30-year treasury
swaps. The total notional of the swaps issued as of the balance sheet date and subsequently are $ 2,000  million.
232
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
For the year ended December 31, 2022, Exelon Corporate recognized the following net pre-ta x mark-to-market losses which are
also recognized in Net fair value changes relate d to derivatives in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Exelon had no
swaps for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 .
Loss
Income Statement Location 2022
Electric operating revenues $ 2 
Interest expense 3 
Total $ 5 
Credit Risk
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties on executed derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date. The Utility Registrants have contracts to procure electric and natural gas supply that provide suppliers with a certain
amount of unsecured credit. If the exposure on the supply contract exceeds the amount of unsecured credit, the suppliers may be
required to post collateral. The net credit exposure is mitigated primarily by the ability to recover procurement costs through
customer rates. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of cash collateral held with external coun terparties by Exelon, ComEd, BGE,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE was $297 millio n, $77 millio n, $23 millio n, $197 millio n, $26 millio n, $121 millio n, and $50 millio n,
respectively , which is recorded in Other current liabilities in Exelon's, ComEd's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount for PECO was not material as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the
amounts for ComEd and DPL were $41 million and $43 million, respectively . The amounts for Exelon, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and
ACE were not material as of December 31, 2021.
The Utility Registrants’  electric supply procurement contracts do not contain provisions that would require them to post collateral.
PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL’s natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require PECO, BGE, and DPL to post
collateral in the form of cash or credit support, which vary by contract and counterparty , with thresholds contingent upon PECO’ s,
BGE's, and DPL’s credit rating. As of December 31, 2022, PECO, BGE, and DPL were not requir ed to post collateral for any of these
agreements. If PECO, BGE, or DPL lost their investment grade credit rating as of Decembe r 31, 2022, they could have been
required to post collateral to their counterparties of $ 71 million, $ 119 million, and $ 15 million, respectively .
16. Debt and Credit Agreements (All Registrants)
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper . PECO meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from
the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the
issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-term liquidity
requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. The
Registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding
requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
233
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Commercial Paper
The following table reflects the Registrants' commercial paper programs supported by the revolving credit agreements and bilateral
credit agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
Credit Facility Size
as of December 31,Outstanding Commercial
Paper as of December 31,Average Interest Rate on
Commercial Paper Borrowings
as of December 31,
Commercial Paper Issuer 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Exelon $ 4,000  $ 3,700  $ 1,938  $ 599 4.77 % 0.35 %
ComEd 1,000  1,000  427 — 4.71 % — %
PECO 600 600 239 — 4.71 % — %
BGE 600 600 409 130 4.81 % 0.37 %
PHI 900 900 414 469 4.78 % 0.35 %
Pepco 300 300 299 175 4.79 % 0.33 %
DPL 300 300 115 149 4.76 % 0.36 %
ACE 300 300 — 145 — % 0.35 %
__________
(a)Excludes credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks. See below for additional information.
(b)Includes revolving credit agreements at Exelon Corporate with a maximum program size of $900 million and $600 million as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Exelon Corporate had $449 million in outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2022 and
no outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2021.
(c)Represents the consolidated amounts of Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(d)The standard maximum program size for revolving credit facilities is $300 million each for Pepco, DPL and ACE based on the credit agreements
in place. However, the facilities at Pepco, DPL, and ACE have the ability to flex to $500 million, $500 million, and $350 million, respectively. The
borrowing capacity may be increased or decreased during the term of the facility, except that (i) the sum of the borrowing capacity must equal
the total amount of the facility, and (ii) the aggregate amount of credit used at any given time by each of Pepco, DPL, or ACE may not exceed
$900 million or the maximum amount of short-term debt the company is permitted to have outstanding by its regulatory authorities. The total
number of the borrowing reallocations may not exceed eight per year during the term of the facility. As of December 23, 2022, this ability was
utilized to increase Pepco's program size to $400 million. As a result, the program sizes for DPL and ACE were decreased to $250 million each,
which prevents the aggregate amount of outstanding short-term debt from potentially exceeding the $900 million limit.
In order to maintain their respective commercial paper programs in the amounts indicated abov e, each Registrant must have credit
facilities in place, at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper program. A registrant does not issue commercial paper in an
aggregate amount exceeding the then available capacity under its credit facility .(a) (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(d)
(d)
234
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
As of December 31, 2022, the Registrants had the following aggregate bank commitments, credit facility borrowings, and available
capacity under their respective credit facilities:
Available Capacity as of December
31, 2022
Borrower Facility TypeAggregate Bank
Commitment Facility DrawsOutstanding
Letters of Credit ActualTo Support
Additional
Commercial
Paper
Exelon Syndicated Revolver $ 4,000  $ — $ 8 $ 3,992  $ 2,054  
ComEd Syndicated Revolver 1,000  — 5 995 568 
PECO Syndicated Revolver 600 — — 600 361 
BGE Syndicated Revolver 600 — — 600 191 
PHI Syndicated Revolver 900 — — 900 486 
Pepco Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 1 
DPL Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 185 
ACE Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 300 
__________
(a)On February 1, 2022, Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registrants' respective syndicated revolving credit facilities were replaced with a new 5-
year revolving credit facility.
(b)Excludes credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks. See below for additional information.
(c)Includes $900 million aggregate bank commitment related to Exelon Corporate. Exelon Corporate had $3 million outstanding letters of credit as
of December 31, 2022. Exelon Corporate had $448 million in available capacity to support additional commercial paper as of December 31,
2022.
(d)Represents the consolidated amounts of Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
The followin g table reflects the Registrants' credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks as of December 31,
2022 and 2021. These are excluded from the Maximum Program Size and Aggregate Bank Commitment amounts within the two
tables above and the facilities are solely used to issue letters of credit.
Aggregate Bank Commitments Outstanding Letters of Credit
Borrower 2022 2021 2022 2021
Exelon $ 140 $ 98 $ 10 $ 8 
ComEd 40 33 7 5 
PECO 40 33 1 1 
BGE 15 8 2 2 
PHI 45 24 — — 
Pepco 15 8 — — 
DPL 15 8 — — 
ACE 15 8 — — 
__________
(a)These facilities were entered into on October 7, 2022 and expire on October 6, 2023.
(b)Represents the consolidated amounts of ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(c)Represents the consolidated amounts of Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
Revolving Credit Agreements
On February 1, 2022, Exelon Corporate and the Utility Registrants each entered into a new 5-year revolving credit facility that
replaced its existing syndicated revolving credit facility . The following table reflects the credit agreements:(a) (b) (c)
(c)
(d)
(a)
(b)
(c)
235
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Borrower Aggregate Bank Commitment Interest Rate
Exelon Corporate $ 900 SOFR plus 1.275  %
ComEd 1,000  SOFR plus 1.000  %
PECO 600 SOFR plus 0.900  %
BGE 600 SOFR plus 0.900  %
Pepco 300 SOFR plus 1.075  %
DPL 300 SOFR plus 1.000  %
ACE 300 SOFR plus 1.075  %
Borrowings under Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's revolving credit agreements bear interest at a
rate based upon either the prime rate or a SOFR-based rate, plus an adder based upon the particular Registrant’ s credit rating. The
adders for the prime based borrowings and SOFR-based borrowings are presented in the following table:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Prime based borrowings 0 - 27.5 — — — 7.5 — 7.5 
SOFR-based borrowings 90.0 - 127.5 100.0 90.0 90.0 107.5 100.0 107.5 
__________
(a)Includes interest rate adders at Exelon Corporate of 27.5 basis points and 127.5 basis points for prime and SOFR-based borrowings,
respectively.
If any registrant loses its investment grade rating , the maximum adders for prime rate borrowing s and SOFR-based rate borrowings
would be 65 basis point s and 165 basis points, respectively . The credit agreements also requir e the borrower to pay a facility fee
based upon the aggregate commitments. The fee varies depending upon the respective credit ratings of the borrower .
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a term loan agreement for $500 million. The loan agreement was renewed on
March 14, 2022 and will expire on March 16, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon's
Consolidated Balance Sheets within Short-term borrowings.
On March 31, 2021, Exelon Corporate entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for $150 million with a variable interest rate of
LIBOR plus 0.65% and an expiration date of March 30, 2022. Exelon Corporate repaid the term loan on March 30, 2022.
In connection with the separation, on January 24, 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for
$1.15 billion . The loan agreement had an expiration date of January 23, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made
thereunder bore interest at a variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.75% until July 23, 2022 and a rate of SOFR plus 0.975 % thereafter .
All indebtedness pursuant to the loan agreement was unsecured. On August 11, 2022, Exelon Corporate made a partial repayment
of $575 million on the term loan. On October 11, 2022, the remaining $575 million outstanding balance was repaid in conjunction
with the $ 500 million 18-month term loan that was entered into on October 7, 2022.
On October 4, 2022, ComEd entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for $150 million with a variable rate equal to SOFR plus
0.75% and an expiration date of October 3, 2023. The proceeds from this loan were used to repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon's and ComEd's Consolidated Balance Sheets within Short-term borrowings.
The balance of the loan was repaid on January 13, 2023 in conjunction with the $400 million and $575 million First Mortgage Bond
agreements that were entered into on January 3, 2023.
Variable Rate Demand Bonds
DPL has outstanding obligations in respect of Variable Rate Demand Bonds (VRDB). VRDB s are subject to repayment on the
demand of the holders and, for this reason, are accounted for as short-term debt in(a)
236
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
accordance with GAAP . However , these bonds may be converted to a fixed-rate, fixed-term option to establish a maturity which
corresponds to the date of final maturity of the bonds. On this basis, PHI views VRDBs as a source of long-term financing. As of both
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, $79 million in variable rate demand bonds issued by DPL were outstanding and are
included in the Long-term debt due within one year in Exelon's, PHI's, and DPL's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Long-T erm Debt
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt at the Registrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
Exelon
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 1.05 %- 7.90 % 2023 - 2052 $ 22,651  $ 20,751  
Senior unsecured notes 2.75 %- 7.60 % 2025 - 2052 8,324  6,324  
Unsecured notes 2.25 %- 6.35 % 2023 - 2052 4,250  4,000  
Notes payable and other 1.64 %- 7.49 % 2025 - 2053 86 86 
Junior subordinated notes 3.50 % 2022 — 1,150  
Long-term software licensing agreement 2.30 %- 3.95 % 2024 - 2025 25 9 
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 4.00 %- 4.05 % 2024 33 143 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Loan agreement 2.00 % 5.15 % 2023 - 2024 1,400  50 
Total long-term debt 36,779  32,523  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (74) (70)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (257) (220)
Fair value adjustment 626 669 
Long-term debt due within one year (1,802 ) (2,153 )
Long-term debt $ 35,272  $ 30,749  
Long-term debt to financing trusts
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III 6.35 % 2033 $ 206 $ 206 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 7.38 %- 9.50 % 2028 81 81 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV 5.75 % 2033 103 103 
Total long-term debt to financing trusts $ 390 $ 390 
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets other than expressly excepted property and substantially all of PECO’s, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets
are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)On January 3, 2023, ComEd entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $400 million and $575 million at 4.90% and 5.30%
due on February 1, 2033 and February 1, 2053, respectively. The closing date of the issuance occurred on January 10, 2023.
(c)In connection with the separation, Exelon Corporate entered into three 18-month term loan agreements. On January 21, 2022, two of the loan
agreements were issued for $300 million each with an expiration date of July 21, 2023. On January 24, 2022, the third loan agreement was
issued for $250 million with an expiration date of July 24, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65%.
(d)Amounts owed to these financing trusts are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)(b)
(c)
(d)
237
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
ComEd
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.20 %- 6.45 % 2024 - 2052 $10,629  $ 9,879  
Other 7.49 % 2053 8 8 
Total long-term debt 10,637  9,887  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (27) (27)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (92) (87)
Long-term debt $10,518  $ 9,773  
Long-term debt to financing trust
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III 6.35 % 2033 $ 206 $ 206 
Total long-term debt to financing trusts 206 206 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (1) (1)
Long-term debt to financing trusts $ 205 $ 205 
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets, other than expressly excepted property, are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)On January 3, 2023, ComEd entered into a purchase agreement of First Mortgage Bonds of $400 million and $575 million at 4.90% and 5.30%
due on February 1, 2033 and February 1, 2053, respectively. The closing date of the issuance occurred on January 10, 2023.
(c)Amount owed to this financing trust is recorded as Long-term debt to financing trust within ComEd’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
PECO
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.80 %- 5.95 % 2025 - 2052 $ 4,625  $ 4,200  
Loan agreement 2.00 % 2023 50 50 
Total long-term debt 4,675  4,250  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (24) (20)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (39) (33)
Long-term debt due within one year (50) (350)
Long-term debt $ 4,562  $ 3,847  
Long-term debt to financing trusts
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 7.38 %- 9.50 % 2028 $ 81 $ 81 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV 5.75 % 2033 103 103 
Long-term debt to financing trusts $ 184 $ 184 
__________
(a)Substantially all of PECO’s assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amounts owed to this financing trust are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within PECO’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
238
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
BGE
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
Unsecured notes 2.25 %- 6.35 % 2023 - 2052 $ 4,250  $ 4,000  
Total long-term debt 4,250  4,000  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (13) (12)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (30) (27)
Long-term debt due within one year (300) (250)
Long-term debt $ 3,907  $ 3,711  
PHI
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 1.05 %- 7.90 % 2023 - 2052 $ 7,397  $ 6,672  
Senior unsecured notes 7.45 % 2032 185 185 
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 4.00 %- 4.05 % 2024 33 143 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Finance leases 5.59 % 2025 - 2030 76 74 
Other 7.28 %- 7.49 % 2022 — — 
Total long-term debt 7,701  7,084  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 4 4 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (47) (36)
Fair value adjustment 462 495 
Long-term debt due within one year (591) (399)
Long-term debt $ 7,529  $ 7,148  
_________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)The amount in the Other category was zero and less than $1 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
Pepco
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.32 %- 7.90 % 2024 - 2052 $ 3,775  $ 3,350  
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 1.70 % 2022 — 110 
Finance leases 5.59 % 2025 - 2029 25 26 
Other 7.28 %- 7.49 % 2022 — — 
Total long-term debt 3,800  3,486  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 2 2 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (51) (43)
Long-term debt due within one year (4) (313)
Long-term debt $ 3,747  $ 3,132  
________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)The amount in the Other category was zero and less than $1 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
239
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
DPL
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 1.05 %- 4.27 % 2023 - 2052 $ 1,874  $ 1,749  
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 4.00 %- 4.05 % 2024 33 33 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Finance leases 5.39 % 2025 - 2030 32 29 
Total long-term debt 1,949  1,821  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net — — 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (11) (11)
Long-term debt due within one year (584) (83)
Long-term debt $ 1,354  $ 1,727  
__________
(a)Substantially all of DPL's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)The amount in the Unamortized debt discount and premium, net category was less than $1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
ACE
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.25 %- 5.80 % 2024 - 2052 $ 1,748  $ 1,573  
Finance leases 5.59 % 2025 - 2030 19 19 
Total long-term debt 1,767  1,592  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (1) (1)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (9) (9)
Long-term debt due within one year (3) (3)
Long-term debt $ 1,754  $ 1,579  
__________
(a)Substantially all of ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
Long-term debt maturities at the Registrants in the periods 2023 through 2027 and thereafter are as follows:
Year Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2023 $ 1,802  $ — $ 50 $ 300  $ 591 $ 4 $ 584 $ 3 
2024 1,317  250 — —  564 405 6 153 
2025 1,414  — 350 —  242 5 84 153 
2026 1,613  500 — 350  13 4 6 3 
2027 1,021  350 — —  21 3 15 3 
Thereafter 30,002  9,743  4,459  3,600  6,270  3,379  1,254  1,452  
Total $37,169  $10,843  $ 4,859  $ 4,250  $ 7,701  $ 3,800  $ 1,949  $ 1,767  
__________
(a)Includes $390 million due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Includes $206 million due to ComEd financing trust.
(c)Includes $184 million due to PECO financing trusts.
Long-T erm Debt to Affiliates
In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger , Exelon and subsidiaries of
Generation (former Constellation subsidiaries) entered into intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the
third-party debt obligations of Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes(a)
(b)
(a)
(a) (b) (c)
240
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
receivable at Exelon Corporate from Generati on. As of December 31, 2021, Exelon Corporate had $319 million recorded to
intercompany notes receivable from Generation. In connection with the separation, on January 31, 2022, Exelon Corporate received
cash from Generation of $ 258 million to settle the intercompany loan.
Debt Covenants
As of December 31, 2022, the Registrants are in compliance with debt covenants.
17. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities (All Registrants)
Exelon measures and classifies fair value measurements in accordance with the hierarchy as defined by GAAP . The hierarchy
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels as follows:
•Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Registrants have the
ability to liquidate as of the reporting date.
•Level 2 — inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the asset or liability or
indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.
•Level 3 — unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models or third-party valuations for the asset or
liability due to little or no market activity for the asset or liability .
Fair V alue of Financial Liabilities Recorded at Amortized Cost
The following tables present the carrying amoun ts and fair values of the Registrants’  short-term  liabilities, long-term debt, and trust
preferred securities (long-term debt to financing trusts or junior subordinated debentures) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The
Registrants have no financial liabilities classified as Level 1 or measured using the NA V practical expedient.
The carrying amounts of the Registrants’  short-term liabilities as presented in their Consolidated Balance Sheets are representative
of their fair value (Level 2) because of the short-term nature of these instruments.
241
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021
Carrying
AmountFair ValueCarrying
AmountFair Value
Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year
Exelon $ 37,074 $ 29,902 $ 2,327 $ 32,229 $ 32,902 $ 34,897 $ 2,217 $ 37,114 
ComEd 10,518 9,006 — 9,006 9,773 11,305 — 11,305 
PECO 4,612 3,864 50 3,914 4,197 4,740 50 4,790 
BGE 4,207 3,613 — 3,613 3,961 4,406 — 4,406 
PHI 8,120 4,507 2,277 6,784 7,547 5,970 2,167 8,137 
Pepco 3,751 2,229 1,205 3,434 3,445 3,201 975 4,176 
DPL 1,938 1,164 458 1,622 1,810 1,426 552 1,978 
ACE 1,757 909 614 1,523 1,582 1,091 641 1,732 
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts
Exelon $ 390 $ — $ 384 $ 384 $ 390 $ — $ 470 $ 470 
ComEd 205 — 204 204 205 — 248 248 
PECO 184 — 180 180 184 — 222 222 
__________
(a) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs, unamortized debt discount and premium, net, purchase accounting fair value adjustments, and finance
lease liabilities which are not fair valued. Refer to Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements for unamortized debt issuance costs, unamortized debt
discount and premium, net, and purchase accounting fair value adjustments and Note 10 — Leases for finance lease liabilities.
Exelon uses the following methods and assumptions to estimate fair value of financial liabilities recorded at carrying cost:
Type Level Registrants Valuation
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year
Taxable Debt Securities 2 AllThe fair value is determined by a valuation model that is based on a conventional
discounted cash flow methodology and utilizes assumptions of current market
pricing curves. Exelon obtains credit spreads based on trades of existing Exelon
debt securities as well as other issuers in the utility sector with similar credit
ratings. The yields are then converted into discount rates of various tenors that
are used for discounting the respective cash flows of the same tenor for each
bond or note.
Variable Rate Financing
Debt2 Exelon, DPLDebt rates are reset on a regular basis and the carrying value approximates fair
value.
Taxable Private Placement
Debt Securities3Exelon, Pepco, DPL,
ACERates are obtained similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due to low
trading volume and qualitative factors such as market conditions, low volume of
investors, and investor demand, these debt securities are Level 3.
Non-Government Backed
Fixed Rate Nonrecourse
Debt3 Exelon, PepcoFair value is based on market and quoted prices for its own and other
nonrecourse debt with similar risk profiles. Given the low trading volume in the
nonrecourse debt market, the price quotes used to determine fair value will reflect
certain qualitative factors, such as market conditions, investor demand, new
developments that might significantly impact the project cash flows or off-taker
credit, and other circumstances related to the project.
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts
Long Term Debt to
Financing Trusts3 Exelon, ComEd, PECOFair value is based on publicly traded securities issued by the financing trusts.
Due to low trading volume of these securities and qualitative factors, such as
market conditions, investor demand, and circumstances related to each issue, this
debt is classified as Level 3.(a)
242
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Recurring Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present assets and liabiliti es measured and recorded at fair value in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Registrants have
no financial assets or liabilities measured using the NA V practical expedient:
Exelon
As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 664 $ — $ — $ 664 $ 524 $ — $ — $ 524 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 62 — — 62 60 — — 60 
Mutual funds 49 — — 49 60 — — 60 
Fixed income — 7 — 7 — 10 — 10 
Life insurance contracts — 58 40 98 — 61 37 98 
Rabbi trust investments subtotal 111 65 40 216 120 71 37 228 
Interest rate derivative assets
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments — 6 — 6 — — — — 
Economic hedges — 5 — 5 — — — — 
Interest rate derivative assets subtotal — 11 — 11 — — — — 
Total assets 775 76 40 891 644 71 37 752 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities — — (84) (84) — — (219) (219)
Interest rate derivative liabilities
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments — (4) — (4) — — — — 
Economic hedges — (3) — (3) — — — — 
Interest rate derivative liabilities subtotal — (7) — (7) — — — — 
Deferred compensation obligation — (75) — (75) — (131) — (131)
Total liabilities — (82) (84) (166) — (131) (219) (350)
Total net assets (liabilities) $ 775 $ (6)$ (44)$ 725 $ 644 $ (60)$ (182)$ 402 
__________
(a)Excludes cash of $345 million and $464 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and restricted cash of $81 million and $49
million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $117 million and $44 million as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)
243
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
ComEd, PECO, and BGE
ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $392 $ — $ — $392 $ 10 $ — $ — $ 10 $ 23 $ — $ — $ 23 
Rabbi trust investments
Mutual funds — — — — 7 — — 7 7 — — 7 
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 15 — 15 — — — — 
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal — — — — 7 15 — 22 7 — — 7 
Total assets 392 — — 392 17 15 — 32 30 — — 30 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — (84) (84) — — — — — — — — 
Deferred compensation
obligation — (8) — (8) — (7) — (7) — (4) — (4)
Total liabilities — (8) (84) (92) — (7) — (7) — (4) — (4)
Total net assets (liabilities)$392 $ (8)$ (84)$300 $ 17 $ 8 $ — $ 25 $ 30 $ (4)$ — $ 26 
ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 237 $ — $ — $237 $ 9 $ — $ — $ 9 $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Rabbi trust investments
Mutual funds — — — — 11 — — 11 14 — — 14 
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 16 — 16 — — — — 
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal — — — — 11 16 — 27 14 — — 14 
Total assets 237 — — 237 20 16 — 36 14 — — 14 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — (219) (219) — — — — — — — — 
Deferred compensation
obligation — (10) — (10) — (9) — (9) — (7) — (7)
Total liabilities — (10) (219) (229) — (9) — (9) — (7) — (7)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $ 237 $ (10)$(219)$ 8 $ 20 $ 7 $ — $ 27 $ 14 $ (7)$ — $ 7 
__________
(a)ComEd excludes cash of $42 million and $105 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and restricted cash of $77 million and
$42 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $117 million and $43 million as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. PECO
excludes cash of $58 million and $35 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. BGE excludes cash of $43 million and $51 million
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and restricted cash of $1 million and $4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively.
(b)The Level 3 balance consists of the current and noncurrent liability of $5 million and $79 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and $18
million and $201 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 related to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
244
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021
PHI Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 205 $ — $ — $ 205 $ 110 $ — $ — $ 110 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 59 — — 59 59 — — 59 
Mutual funds 11 — — 11 14 — — 14 
Fixed income — 7 — 7 — 10 — 10 
Life insurance contracts — 22 39 61 — 27 35 62 
Rabbi trust investments subtotal 70 29 39 138 73 37 35 145 
Total assets 275 29 39 343 183 37 35 255 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation obligation — (14) — (14) — (18) — (18)
Total liabilities — (14) — (14) — (18) — (18)
Total net assets $ 275 $ 15 $ 39 $ 329 $ 183 $ 19 $ 35 $ 237 
Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 51 $ — $ — $51 $ 121 $ — $ — $121 $ 1 $ — $ — $ 1 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 59 — — 59 — — — — — — — — 
Life insurance
contracts — 22 38 60 — — — — — — — — 
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 59 22 38 119 — — — — — — — — 
Total assets 110 22 38 170 121 — — 121 1 — — 1 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation
obligation — (1) — (1) — — — — — — — — 
Total liabilities — (1) — (1) — — — — — — — — 
Total net assets $ 110 $ 21 $ 38 $169 $ 121 $ — $ — $121 $ 1 $ — $ — $ 1 
Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 31 $ — $ — $31 $ 43 $ — $ — $43 $ — $ — $ — $— 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 58 — — 58 — — — — — — — — 
Life insurance
contracts — 27 35 62 — — — — — — — — 
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 58 27 35 120 — — — — — — — — 
Total assets 89 27 35 151 43 — — 43 — — — — 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation
obligation — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total liabilities — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total net assets $ 89 $ 25 $ 35 $149 $ 43 $ — $ — $43 $ — $ — $ — $— 
__________
(a)PHI excludes cash of $165 million and $100 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and restricted cash of $3 million and $3
million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pepco excludes cash of $45 million and $34 million as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, and restricted cash of $3 million and $3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. DPL excludes cash of $31
million and $28 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ACE excludes cash of $71 million and $29 million as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively.(a)
(a)
(a)
245
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Reconciliation of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities
The following tables present the fair value reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities measur ed at fair value on a recurring basis
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:
Exelon ComEd PHI and Pepco
For the year ended December 31, 2022 TotalMark-to-Market
Derivatives Life Insurance Contracts
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ (182)$ (219) $ 35 
Total realized / unrealized gains (losses)
Included in net income 5 — 5 
Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 135 135 — 
Purchases, sales, and settlements
Settlements — — — 
Transfers out of Level 3 (2) — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 $ (44)$ (84) $ 40 
The amount of total gains included in income attributed
to the change in unrealized gains (losses) related to
assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 5 $ — $ 5 
Exelon ComEd PHI and Pepco
For the year ended December 31, 2021 TotalMark-to-Market
Derivatives Life Insurance Contracts
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ (267)$ (301) $ 34 
Total realized / unrealized gains (losses)
Included in net income 3 — 3 
Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 82 82 — 
Purchases, sales, and settlements
Settlements (2) — (2)
Transfers into Level 3 2 — —  
Balance as of December 31, 2021 $ (182)$ (219) $ 35 
The amount of total gains included in income attributed
to the change in unrealized gains (losses) related to
assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 $ 3 $ — $ 3 
__________
(a)Classified in Operating and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(b)Includes $136 million of increases in fair value and a decrease for realized losses due to settlements of $1 million recorded in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2022. Includes $62
million of increases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $20 million recorded in purchased power expense
associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2021.
(c)The balance of the current and noncurrent asset was effectively zero as of December 31, 2022. The balance consists of a current and
noncurrent liability of $5 million and $79 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022.
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
Cash Equivalents (All Registrants).  Investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, including mutual
and money market funds, are considered cash equivalents. The fair values are based on obser vable market prices and, therefore,
are included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1.
Rabbi Trust Investments (Exelon, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE). The Rabbi trusts were established to hold asse ts
related to deferred compensation plans existing for certain active and retired members of Exelon’ s executive management and
directors. The Rabbi trusts' assets are included in investments in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets and consist primarily
of money market funds, mutual funds, fixed(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
246
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
income secu rities, and life insurance policies. Money market funds and mutual funds are publicly  quoted and have been categorized
as Level 1 given the clear observability of the prices. The fair values of fixed income securities are based on evaluated prices that
reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities, adjusted for observable differences and
are categoriz ed in Level 2. The life insurance policies are valued using the cash surrender value  of the policies, net of loans against
those policies, which is provided by a third-par ty. Certain life insurance policies, which consist primarily of mutual funds that are
priced based on observa ble market data, have been categorized as Level 2 because the life insurance policies can be liquidated at
the reporting  date for the value of the underlying assets. Life insurance policies that are valued using unobservable inputs have been
categorized as Level 3, where the fair value is determined based on the cash surrender value of the policy , which contains
unobservable inputs and assumptions. Because Exelon relies on its third-party insurance provider to develop the inputs without
adjustment for the valuations of its Level 3 investments, quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in
valuing these investments is not reasonably available to Exelon. Therefore, Exelon has not disclosed such inputs.
Interest Rate Derivatives (Exelon)  Exelon may utilize fixed-to-floating or floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps as a means to
manage interest rate risk. These interest rate swaps are typically accounted for as economic hedges. In addition, Exelon may utilize
interest rate derivatives to lock in interest rate levels in anticipation of future financings. These interest rate derivatives are typically
designated as cash flow hedges. Exelon determines the current fair value by calculating the net present value of expected payments
and receipts under the swap agreement, based on and discounted by the market's expectation  of future interest rates. Additional
inputs to the net present value calculation may include the contract terms, counterparty credit risk and other market parameters. As
these inputs  are based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest rate swaps are categorized as Level 2
in the fair value hierarchy . See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information on mark-to-market derivatives.
Deferred Compensation Obligations (All Registrants).   The Regist rants’  deferr ed compensation plans allow participants to defer
certain cash compensation into a notional investment account. The Registrants include such plans in other current and noncurrent
liabilities in their Consol idated Balance Sheets. The value of the Registrants’  deferred compensation obligations is based on the
market value of the participants’  notional investment accounts. The underlying notional inves tments are comprised primarily of
equities, mutual funds, commingled funds, and fixed income securities which are based on direc tly and indirectly observable market
prices. Since  the deferred compensation obligations themselves are not exchanged in an active market, they are categorized as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
The value of certain employment agreement obligations (which are included with the Deferred Compensation Obligation in the tables
above) are based on a known and certain stream of payments to be made over time and are categorized as Level 2 within the fair
value hierarchy .
Mark-to-Market Derivatives (Exelon and ComEd). On December 17, 2010, ComEd entered into several 20-year floating to fixed
energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the procurement of long-term renewable energy and associated RECs. Delivery
under the contracts began in June 2012. The fair value of these swaps has been designated as a Level 3 valuation due to the long
tenure of the positions and the internal modeling assumptions. The modeling assumptions include using forward power prices. See
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on mark-to-market derivatives.
The following table discloses the significant unobservable inputs to the forward curve used to value mark-to-market derivatives:
Type of tradeFair Value as
of December
31, 2022Fair Value as
of December
31, 2021Valuation
TechniqueUnobservable
Input2022 Range & Arithmetic
Average2021 Range & Arithmetic
Average
Mark-to-market
derivatives $ (84)$ (219)Discounted
Cash FlowForward power
price $34.78 -$75.71 $48.44 $28.65 -$47.10 $33.96 
__________
(a)An increase to the forward power price would increase the fair value.(a)
247
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
18. Commitments and Contingencies  (All Registrants)
Commitments
PHI Merger Commitments (Exelon, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE).  Approval of the PHI Merger in Delaware, New Jersey , Maryland,
and the District of Columbia was conditioned upon Exelon and PHI agreeing to certain commitments. The following amounts
represent total commitment costs that have been  recorded since the acquisition date and the total remaining obligations for Exelon,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE as of December 31, 2022:
Description Exelon PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Total commitments $ 513 $ 320 $ 120 $ 89 $ 111 
Remaining commitments 52 45 39 4 2 
__________
(a)Remaining commitments extend through 2026 and include rate credits, energy efficiency programs, and delivery system modernization.
In addition, DPL has committed to conducting three RFPs to procure up to a total of 120 MWs  of wind RECs for the purpose of
meeting Delaware's renewable portfolio standar ds. DPL has completed the three required wind REC RFPs. The first 40 MW wind
REC tranche was cond ucted in 2017 and did not result in a purchase agreement. The seco nd 40 MW wind REC tranche  was
conducted in 2018 and resulted in a proposed REC purchase agreement that was approved by the DEPSC in 2019. The third and
final 40 MW wind REC tranche was conducted in 2022  and did not result in a purchase agreement. On December 14, 2022, the
DEPSC issued an order recognizing DPL ’s completion of all obligations under this merger commitment.(a)
248
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
Commercial Commitm ents (All Registrants). The Registrants' commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022, representing
commitments potentially triggered by future events were as follows:
Expiration within
Exelon Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 20272028 and
beyond
Letters of credit $ 19  $ 17  $ 2  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 205 203 2 — — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 378  — — — — — 378 
Guaranteed lease residual values 29 — 6 6 5 4 8 
Total commercial commitments $ 631  $ 220  $ 10  $ 6  $ 5 $ 4 $ 386 
ComEd
Letters of credit $ 12 $ 10 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 46 44 2 — — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 200 — — — — — 200 
Total commercial commitments $ 258  $ 54  $ 4  $ —  $ — $ — $ 200 
PECO
Letters of credit $ 1 $ 1 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 2 2 — — — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 178 — — — — — 178 
Total commercial commitments $ 181  $ 3  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ 178 
BGE
Letters of credit $ 2 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 2 2 — — — — — 
Total commercial commitments $ 4  $ 4  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ — 
PHI
Surety bonds $ 96 $ 96 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 29 — 6 6 5 4 8 
Total commercial commitments $ 125  $ 96  $ 6  $ 6  $ 5 $ 4 $ 8 
Pepco
Surety bonds $ 84 $ 84 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 10 — 2 2 2 1 3 
Total commercial commitments $ 94  $ 84  $ 2  $ 2  $ 2 $ 1 $ 3 
DPL
Surety bonds $ 7 $ 7 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 12 — 3 2 2 2 3 
Total commercial commitments $ 19  $ 7  $ 3  $ 2  $ 2 $ 2 $ 3 
ACE
Surety bonds $ 5 $ 5 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 7 — 1 2 1 1 2 
Total commercial commitments $ 12  $ 5  $ 1  $ 2  $ 1 $ 1 $ 2 (a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
249
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at the end of
the minimum lease term would be $68 million guaranteed by Exelon and PHI, of which $22 million, $28 million, and $18 million is guaranteed by
Pepco, DPL, and ACE, respectively. Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and PHI believes the likelihood of
payments being required under the guarantees is remote.
Environmental Remediation Matters
General (All Registrants).  The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures to
comply with environmental laws. Additionally , under federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for the
costs of remediating environmental contaminati on of property now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by
hazardous substances generated by them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate  parcels, including parcels on which
their operations or the operations of others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under
environmental laws. In addition, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceeding s relating to sites where hazardous
substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. Unless otherwise disclosed, the
Registrants cannot reasonably estimate whether they will incur significant liabilities for additional  investigation and remediation costs
at these or additional sites identified by the Registrants, environmental agencies or others, or whether such costs will be recoverable
from third parties, including customers. Additional costs could have a material, unfavorable impact on the Registrants' financial
statements.
MGP  Sites (All Registrants). ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL have identified sites where former MGP  or gas purification activities
have or may have result ed in actual site contamination. For some sites, there are additional PRPs that may share responsibility for
the ultimate remediation of each location.
•ComEd has 20 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. ComEd expects the majority
of the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2031.
•PECO has 6 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. PECO expects the majority of
the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2024.
•BGE has 4 sites that currently require some level of remediation and/or ongoing activity . BGE expects the majority of the
remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2025.
•DPL has 1 site that is currently under study and the required cost at the site is not expected to be material.
The historical nature of the MGP  and gas purification sites and the fact that many of the sites have been buried and built over,
impacts the ability to determine a precise estimate of the ultimate costs prior to initial sampling and determination of the exact scope
and method of remedial activity . Management determines its best estimate of remediation costs using all available information at the
time of each study , including probabilistic and deterministic modeling for ComEd and PECO, and the remediation standards currently
required by the applicab le state environmental agency . Prior to completion of any significant clean up, each site remediation plan is
approved by the appropriate state environmental agency .
ComEd, pursuant to an ICC order , and PECO, pursuant to a PAPUC order , are currently recovering environmental remediation costs
of former MGP facility sites through customer rates. While BGE and DPL do not have riders for MGP  clean-up costs, they have
historically received recovery of actual clean-up costs in distribution rates.
In 2022, ComEd and PECO completed an annua l study of their future estimated MGP  remediatio n requirements. The study resulted
in a $60 million increase to the environmental liability and related regulatory asset for ComEd. The increase was primarily due to
increased costs due to inflation and changes in remediation plans. The study did not result in a material change to the environmental
liability for PECO.
250
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
As of Decem ber 31, 2022 and 2021, the Registrants had accrued the following undiscounted amounts for environmental liabilities in
Accrued expenses, Other current liabilities, and Other deferred credits and other liabilities in their respective Consolidated Balance
Sheets:
December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021
Total environmental
investigation and
remediation liabilitiesPortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediationTotal environmental
investigation and
remediation liabilitiesPortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediation
Exelon $ 409 $ 355 $ 352 $ 303 
ComEd 325 324 279 279 
PECO 25 23 22 20 
BGE 9 8 6 4 
PHI 46 — 42 — 
Pepco 44 — 40 — 
DPL 1 — 1 — 
ACE 1 — 1 — 
Benning Road Site (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco).  In September 2010, PHI received a letter from EPA identifying the Benning Road
site as one of six land-based sites potentially contributing to contamination of the lower Anacostia  River . A portion of the site, which is
owned by Pepco, was formerly the location of an electric generating facility owned by Pepco subsidiary , Pepco Energy Services
(PES), which became a part of Generation, following the 2016 merger between PHI and Exelon. This generating facility was
deactivated in June 2012. The remaining portio n of the site consists of a Pepco transmission and distribution service center that
remains in operation. In December 2011, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia appro ved a Consent Decree entered into
by Pepco and Pepco Energy Services (hereinafter "Pepco Entities") with the DOEE, which requires the Pepco Entities to conduct a
Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study (RI/FS) for the Benning Road site and an approxi mately 10 to 15-acre portion of the
adjacent Anacostia River . The purpose of this RI/FS is to define the nature and extent of contamination from the Benning Road site
and to evaluate remedial alternatives.
Pursuant to an internal agreement between the Pepco Entities, since 2013, Pepco has performed the work required by the Consent
Decree and has been reimbursed for that work by an agreed upon allocation of costs between the Pepco Entities. In September
2019, the Pepco Entitie s issued a draft “final” RI report which DOEE approved on February  3, 2020. The Pepco Entities are
completing a FS to evalu ate possible remedial alternatives for submission to DOEE. In October , 2022, DOEE approved dividing the
work to complete the landside portion of the FS from the waterside portion to expedite the overall schedule for completion of the
project. After completion and approval of the landside FS, now scheduled for September 2023, DOEE will prepare a Proposed Plan
for public comment and then issue a Record of Decision (ROD) identifying any further response actions determined to be necessary
to address any landside  issues. The DOEE will issue a separate ROD for the waterside FS when that work is completed which is
now anticipated to be by March 31, 2024.
As part of the separation between Exelon and Constellation in February 2022, the internal agreem ent between the Pepco Entities for
completion and payment for the remaining Consent Decree work was memorialized in a formal agreement for post-separation
activities. A second post-separation assumption agreement between Exelon and Constellation transferred any of the potential
remaining remediation liability , if any, of PES/Ge neration to a non-utility subsidiary of Exelon which going forward will be responsible
for those liabilities. Exelon, PHI, and Pepco have  determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable and have accrued an
estimated liability , which is included in the table above.
Anacostia River Tidal Reach (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco).  Contemporaneous with the Benning Road site RI/FS being performed by
the Pepco Entities, DOE E and NPS have been conducting a separate RI/FS focused on the entire tidal reach of the Anacostia River
extending from just north of the Maryland-District of Columbia boundary line to the confluence of the Anacostia and Potomac Rivers.
The river-wide RI incorpo rated the results of the river sampling performed by the Pepco Entities as part of the Benning RI/FS, as well
as similar sampling efforts conducted by owners  of other sites adjacent to this segment of the river and supplemental river sampling
conducted by DOEE’ s contractor .
251
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
On September 30, 2020 , DOEE released its Interim ROD. The Interim ROD reflects an adaptiv e management approach which will
require seve ral identified  “hot spots” in the river to be addressed first while continuing to conduct studies and to monitor the river to
evaluate improvements and determine potential future remediation plans. The adaptive management process chosen by DOEE is
less intrusive, provides more long-term environm ental certainty , is less costly , and allows for site specific remediation plans already
underway , including the plan for the Benning Road site to proceed to conclusion.
On July 15, 2022, Pepc o received a letter from the District of Columbia's Office of the Attorne y General (D.C. OAG) on behalf of
DOEE conveying a settlement offer to resolve all PRPs' liability to the District of Columbia (District) for their past costs and their
anticipated future costs to complete the work for the Interim ROD. Pepco responded on July 27, 2022 to enter into settlement
discussions. Since that time Exelon and the other PRP’ s at the site have exchanged letters with the D.C. OAG exploring potential
settlement options. Those discussions are ongoing. Exelon, PHI, and Pepco have determined that it is probable that costs for
remediation will be incur red and have accrued a liability for management's best estimate of its share of the costs. Pepco concluded
that incremental exposure remains reasonably possible, but management cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss beyond the
amounts recorded, which are included in the table above.
In addition to the activities associated with the remedial process outlined above, CERCLA  separately requires federal and state (here
including Washington, D.C.) Natural Resource Trustees (federal or state agencies designated by the President or the relevant state,
respectively , or Indian tribes) to conduct an assessment of any damages to natural resources within their jurisdiction as a result of
the contamination that is being remediated. The Trustees can seek compensation from responsible parties for such damages,
including restoration costs. During the second quarter of 2018, Pepco became aware that the Trustees are in the beginning stages of
a Natu ral Resources Damages (NRD) assessment, a process that often takes many years  beyond the remedial decision to
complete. Pepco has entered into negotiations with the Trustees to evaluate possible incorporation of NRD assessment and
restoration as part of its remedial activities associated with the Benning site to accelerate the NRD benefits for that portion of the
Anacostia River Sediment Project (ARSP) assessment. Pepco has concluded that a loss associated with the eventual NRD
assessment is reasonably possible. Due to the very early stage of the assessment process, Pepco cannot reasonably estimate the
final range of loss potentially resulting from this process.
As noted in the Benning Road Site disclosure above, as part of the separation of Exelon and Constellation in February 2022, an
assumption agreement was executed transferring any potential future remediation liabilities associated with the Benning Site
remediation to a non-util ity subsidiary of Exelon. Similarly , any potential future liability associated  with the ARSP  was also assumed
by this entity .
Buzzard Point Site (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco).  On December 8, 2022, Pepco received a letter from the D.C. OAG, alleging wholly
past violations of the District's stormwater discharge and waste disposal requirements related to operations at the Buzzard Point
facility , a 9-acre parcel of waterfront property in Washington, D.C. occupied by an active substati on and former steam plant building.
The letter also alleged wholly past violations by Pepco of stormwater discharge requirements related to its district-wide system of
underground vaults. The D.C. OAG invited Pepco to resolve the threatened enforcement action through a court-approved consent
decree, and Pepco is engaged in discussions with the D.C. OAG regarding a potential resolution. Exelon, PHI, and Pepco have
determined that a loss associated with this matte r is probable and have accrued an estimated liability . Due to the very early stage of
the assessment process, Pepco concluded that incremental exposure is reasonably possible, but the range of loss cannot be
reasonably estimated beyond the amounts included in the table above.
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
Fund Transfer Restrictions (All Registrants).  Under applicable law, Exelon may borrow or receive an extension of credit from its
subsidiaries. Under the terms of Exelon’ s intercompany money pool agreement, Exelon can lend to, but not borrow from the money
pool.
Under applicable law, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed or
current earnings. A significant loss recorded at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, or ACE may limit the dividends that these
companies can distribute to Exelon.
252
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
ComEd has agreed in connection with financings arranged through ComEd Financing III that it will not declare dividends on any
shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payme nt periods on the subordinated debt
securities issued to Com Ed Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures, which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuan t to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved by the MDP SC and DCPSC that prohibit Pepco
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity  ratio would be 48% as calcula ted
pursuant to the MDPSC 's and DCPSC's ratemaking precedents, of or (b) Pepco’ s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of
the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved by the DEPSC and MDPSC that prohibit DPL
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as calculated
pursuant to the DCPSC' s and MDPSC's ratemaking precedents, or (b) DPL’s corporate issuer or senior unsecured credit rating, or
its equivalent, is rated by any of the three major credit rating agencies below the generally accepted definition of investment grade.
No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved by the NJBPU that prohibit ACE from paying a
dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's common equity ratio would be 48% as calculated pursuant to
the NJBPU's ratemaking precedents, or (b) ACE's senior corporate issuer or senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the
three major credit rating agencies below investm ent grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requires ACE to notify
and obtain the prior approval of the NJBPU before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization, excluding
securitization debt, falls below 30%. No such events have occurred.
DPA and Related Matte rs (Exelon and ComEd). Exelon and ComEd received a grand jury subpoena in the second quarter of 2019
from the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northe rn District of Illinois (USAO) requiring production of information concerning their
lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, Exelon and ComEd received a second grand jury subpoena from the
USAO requi ring product ion of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities. On October 22, 2019, the SEC
notified Exelon and Com Ed that it had also opened an investigation into their lobbying activities . On July 17, 2020, ComEd entered
into a DPA with the USAO to resolve the USAO  investigation. Under the DPA, the USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComEd
improperly gave and offered to give jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the
benefit of the former Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and the Speaker ’s associ ates, with the intent to influence the
Speaker ’s action regarding legislation affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of
such charge and any other criminal or civil case against ComEd in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year
period subject to certain obligations of ComEd, including payment to the U.S. Treasury of $200 million, which was paid in November
2020. Exelo n was not made a party to the DPA, and therefore the investigation by the USAO into Exelon’ s activities ended with no
charges being brought against Exelon. The SEC’ s investigation remains ongoing and Exelon and ComEd have cooperated fully and
intend to continue to cooperate fully with the SEC. Exelon and ComEd cannot predict the outcome of the SEC investigation. No loss
contingency has been reflected in Exelon's and ComEd's consolidated financial statements with respect to the SEC investigation, as
this contingency is neither probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
253
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
Subsequent to Exelon announcing the receipt of the subpoenas, various lawsuits were filed, and various demand letters were
received related to the subject of the subpoenas, the conduct described in the DP A and the SEC's investigation, including:
•Four putative class action lawsuits against ComEd and Exelon were filed in federal court on behalf of ComEd customers in
the third quarter of 2020 alleging, among other things, civil violations of federal racketeering laws. In addition, the Citizens
Utility Board (CUB) filed a motion to intervene in these cases on October 22, 2020 which was granted on December 23,
2020. On December 2, 2020, the court appointed interim lead plaintif fs in the federal cases which consisted of counsel for
three of the four federal cases. These plaintif fs filed a consolidated complaint on January 5, 2021. CUB also filed its own
complaint against ComEd only on the same day. The remaining federal case, Potter , et al. v. Exelon et al, differed from the
other lawsuits as it named additional individual defendants not named in the consolidated complaint. However , the Potter
plaintif fs voluntarily dismissed their complaint without prejudice on April 5, 2021. ComEd and Exelon moved to dismiss the
consolidated class action complaint and CUB’ s complaint on February 4, 2021 and briefing was completed on March 22,
2021. On March 25, 2021, the parties agreed , along with state court plaintif fs, discussed below , to jointly engage in
mediation. The parties participated in a one-day mediation on June 7, 2021 but no settlement was reached. On September
9, 2021, the federal court granted Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s motion to dismiss and dismissed the plaintif fs’ and CUB’ s federal
law claim with prejudice . The federal court also dismissed the related state law claims made by the federal plaintif fs and
CUB on jurisdictional grounds. Plaintif fs appealed dismissal of the federal law claim to the Seven th Circuit Court of Appeals.
Plaintif fs and CUB also refiled their state law claims in state court and moved to consolidate them with the already pending
consumer state court class action, discussed below . On August 22, 2022, the Seventh Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the
consolidated federal cases in their entirety . The time to further appeal has passed and the Seventh Circuit’ s decision is
final.
•Three putative class action lawsuits against ComEd and Exelon were filed in Illinois state court in the third quarter of 2020
seeking restitution and compensatory damages on behalf of ComEd customers. The cases were consolidated into a single
action in October of 2020. In November 2020, CUB filed a motion to intervene in the cases pursuant to an Illinois statute
allowing CUB to intervene as a party or otherwise participate on behalf of utility consumers in any proceeding which affects
the interest of utility cons umers. On November 23, 2020, the court allowed CUB’ s intervention, but denied CUB's request to
stay these cases. Plaintif fs subsequently filed a consolidated complaint, and ComEd and Exelo n filed a motion to dismiss
on jurisdictional and substantive grounds on January 11, 2021. Briefing on that motion was completed on March 2, 2021.
The parties agreed, on March 25, 2021, along with the federal court plaintif fs discussed above, to jointly engage in
mediation. The parties participated in a one-day mediation on June 7, 2021 but no settlement was reached. On December
23, 2021, the state court granted ComEd and Exelon’ s motion to dismiss with prejudice. On December 30, 2021, plaintif fs
filed a motion to recons ider that dismissal and for permission to amend their complaint. The court denied the plaintif fs'
motion on January 21, 2022. Plaintif fs have appealed the court's ruling dismissing their complain t to the First District Court
of Appeals. On Februar y 15, 2022, Exelon and ComEd moved to dismiss the federal plaintif fs' refiled state law claims,
seeking dismissal on the same legal grounds asserted in their motion to dismiss the original state  court plaintif fs' complaint.
The court granted dismissal of the refiled state claims on February 16, 2022. The original federal plaintif fs appealed that
dismissal on February 18, 2022. The two state appeals were consolidated on March 21, 2022. Plaintif fs' opening appellate
brief was filed on August 5, 2022. Exelon and ComEd's response was filed on November 18, 2022. Plaintif fs filed their reply
brief on January 13, 2023.
•On November 3, 2022, a plaintif f filed a complaint with the Lake County , Illinois Circuit Court against ComEd and Exelon for
unjust enrich ment and deceptive business practices in connection with the conduct giving rise to the DPA. Plaintif f seeks an
accounting and disgorgement of any benefits ComEd allegedly obtained from said conduct. ComEd and Exelon filed a
motion to dismiss the Complaint on February 3, 2023. Plaintif f’s response is due March 3, 2023,  and ComEd and Exelon’ s
reply is due March 24, 2023. Oral argument on the motion to dismiss is currently set for April 21, 2023. Plaintif fs served
initial discovery requests on ComEd in December 2022, to which ComEd has responded.
•A putative class action lawsuit against Exelon and certain officers of Exelon and ComEd was filed in federal court in
December 2019 alleging misrepresentations and omissions in Exelon’ s SEC filings related to ComEd’ s lobbying activities
and the related investigations. The complaint was amended on
254
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
September 16, 2020, to dismiss two of the original defendants and add other defendants, including ComEd. Defendants
filed a motion to dismiss in November 2020. The court denied the motion in April 2021. On May 26, 2021, defendants
moved the court to certify its order denying the motion to dismiss for interlocutory appeal. Briefing on the motion was
completed in June 2021. That motion was denied  on January 28, 2022. In May 2021, the parties each filed respective initial
discovery disclosures. On June 9, 2021, defendants filed their answer and affirmative defense s to the complaint and the
parties engaged thereafter in discovery . On September 9, 2021, the U.S. government moved to intervene in the lawsuit and
stay discovery until the parties entered into an amendment to their protective order that would prohibit the parties from
requesting discovery into certain matters, including communications with the U.S. government. The court ordered said
amendment to the protective order on November 15, 2021 and discovery resumed. The court further amended the
protective order on Octo ber 17, 2022 and extended it until May 15, 2023. The next court status is set for May 8, 2023.
Discovery remains ongoing.
•Several shareholders have sent letters to the Exelon Board of Directors from 2020 through May 2022 demanding, among
other things, that the Exelon Board of Directors investigate and address alleged breaches of fiduciary duties and other
alleged violations by Exelon and ComEd officers and directors related to the conduct describ ed in the DPA. In the first
quarter of 2021, the Exelon Board of Directors appointed a Special Litigation Committee (SLC) consisting of disinterested
and independent parties to investigate and address these shareholders' allegations and make recommendations to the
Exelon Board of Direct ors based on the outcome of the SLC's investigation. In July 2021, one of the demand letter
shareholders filed a derivative action against current and former Exelon and ComEd officers and directors, and against
Exelon, as nominal defendant, asserting the same claims made in its demand letter . On October 12, 2021, the parties to the
derivative action filed an agreed motion to stay that litigation for 120 days in order to allow the SLC to continue its
investigation, which the court granted. The stay has been extended, by agreement of the parties several times and is
currently in ef fect until March 17, 2023. The Parties have scheduled a mediation of this action for February 2023.
•Two separate shareholder requests seeking review of certain Exelon books and records were received in August 2021 and
January 2022. Exelon responded to both requests and both shareholders have since sent formal shareholder demands to
the Exelon Board, as discussed above.
No loss contingencies have been reflected in Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s consolidated financial statem ents with respect to these matters,
as such contingencies are neither probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
In August 2022, the ICC concluded its investiga tion initiated on August 12, 2021 into rate impacts of conduct admitted in the DPA,
including the costs recovered from customers related to the DPA and Exelon's funding of the fine paid by ComEd. On August 17,
2022, the ICC issued its final order accepting ComEd's voluntary customer refund offer of approximately $38 million  (of which about
$31 million is ICC jurisdictio nal; the remaining balan ce is FERC jurisdictional) that resolves the ques tion of whether customer funds
were used for DPA relate d activities. The customer refund includes the cost of every individual or entity that was either (i) identified in
the DPA or (ii) identified by ComEd as an associate of the former Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives in the ICC
proceeding. The ICC rejected an argument by the Illinois Attorney General, City of Chicago, and CUB that a costly permanent
adjustment also needed to be made to ComEd's ratemaking capital structure on account of Exelo n having funded ComEd's payment
of the DPA fine with an equity infusion. On October 6, the ICC denied the application for rehearing filed by the Illinois Attorney
General, City of Chicago, and CUB that specifica lly focused on their capital structure argument. The window to file an appeal on the
ICC final order has expired and the ICC’s DPA investigation is now closed. An accrual for the amount of the voluntary customer
refund has been recorded in Regulatory liabilitie s and Regulatory assets in Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets as
of December 31, 2022. The ICC jurisdictional refund must be made in April 2023; the FERC jurisd ictional refund will be made as part
of the next transmission  formula rate update proceeding in 2023. The customer refund will not be recovered in rates or charged to
customers and ComEd will not seek or accept reimbursement or indemnification from any source other than Exelon.
Savings Plan Claim (Exelon).  On December 6, 2021, seven current and forme r employees filed a putative ERISA  class action suit
in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against Exelon, its Board of Directors, the former Board Investment Oversight
Committee, the Corporate Investment Committe e, individual defendants, and other unnamed fiduciaries of the Exelon Corporation
Employee Savings Plan (Plan). The complaint alleges that the defendants violated their fiduciary duties under the Plan by including
certain investment options that allegedly were more expensive than and underperformed similar passively-managed or
255
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
other funds available in the marketplace and permitting a third-party administrative service provid er/recordkeeper and an investment
adviser to charge excessive fees for the services  provided. The plaintif fs seek declaratory , equitable and monetary relief on behalf of
the Plan and participants. On February 16, 2022, the court granted the parties' stipulated dismissal of the individual named
defendants without prejudice. The remaining defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on February 25, 2022. On March 4,
2022, the Chamber of Commerce filed a brief of amicus curiae in support of the defendants' motion to dismiss. On September 22,
2022, the court granted Exelon’ s motion to dismiss without prejudice. The court granted plaintif fs leave until October 31, 2022 to file
an amended complaint, which was later extended to November 30, 2022. Plaintif fs filed their amended complaint on November 30,
2022. Defendants filed their motion to dismiss the amended complaint on January 20, 2023. Plaintif fs' response is due February 17,
2023, and defendants' reply is due February 24, 2023. No loss contingencies have been reflected in Exelon’ s consolidated financial
statements with respect to this matter , as such contingencies are neither probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
General (All Registrants). The Registrants are involved in various other litigation matters that are being defended and handled in
the ordinary course of business. The Registrants are also from time to time subject to audits and investigations by the FERC and
other regula tors. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is
estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. The Registrants maintain accruals for such losses that
are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. Management is sometime s unable to estimate an amount or
range of reasonably possible loss, particularly where (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early
stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the
timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss.
19. Shareholders' Equity (All Registrants)
Equity Securities Offering (Exelon)
On August 4, 2022, Exelon entered into an agreement with certain underwriters in connection with an underwritten public offering
(the “Offering”) of 11.3 million shares (the “Shares”) of its common stock, no par value (“Common Stock”). The Shares were sold to
the underwr iters at a price per share of $43.32 . Exelon also granted the underwriters an option to purchase an additional
1.695  million shares of Comm on Stock also at the price per share of $43.32 . On August 5, 2022, the underwriters exercised the
option in full. The net proceeds from the Offering and the exercise of the underwriters’  option were $563 million before expenses
paid by Exelon. Exelon used the proceeds, together with available cash balances, to repay $575 millio n in borrowings under a
$1.15 billion term loan credit facility . See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information on Exelon’ s term loan.
At-the-Market (A TM) Program  (Exelon)
On August 4, 2022, Exelon executed an equity distribution agreement (“Equity Distribution Agreement”), with certain sales agents
and forward sellers and certain forward purchasers, establishing an ATM equity distribution program under which it may offer and sell
shares of its Common Stock, having an aggrega te gross sales price of up to $1.0 billion. Exelon has no obligation to offer or sell any
shares of Common Stock under the Equity Distribution Agreement and may, at any time, suspend or terminate offers and sales
under the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Exelon has not issued any shares of Common Stock under the
ATM program and has not entered into any forward sale agreements.
256
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Shareholders' Equity
ComEd Common Stock W arrants
The followin g table presents warrants outstanding to purchase ComEd common stock and shares of common stock reserved for the
conversion of warrants. The warrants entitle the holders to convert such warrants into common stock of ComEd at a conversion rate
of one share of common stock for three warrants.
December 31,
2022 2021
Warrants outstanding 60,052  60,061  
Common Stock reserved for conversion 20,017  20,020  
Share Repurchases
There currently is no Exelon Board of Director authority to repurchase shares. Any previous shares repurchased are held as treasury
shares, at cost, unless cancelled or reissued at the discretion of Exelon’ s management.
Preferred and Preference Securities
The followin g table presents Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, and ACE's shares of preferred securities authorized, none  of
which were outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no shares of preferred securities authorized for DPL.
Preferred Securities Authorized
Exelon 100,000,000  
ComEd 850,000  
PECO 15,000,000  
BGE 1,000,000  
Pepco 6,000,000  
ACE 2,799,979  
_________
(a)Includes 799,979 shares of cumulative preferred stock and 2,000,000 of no-par preferred stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The following table presents ComEd's, BGE's, and ACE's preference securities authorized, none  of which were outstand ing as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no shares of preference securities authorized for Exelon, PECO, Pepco, and DPL.
Preference Securities Authorized
ComEd 6,810,451  
BGE 6,500,000  
ACE 3,000,000  
__________
(a)Includes 4,600,000 shares of unclassified preference securities and 1,900,000 shares of previously redeemed preference securities as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021.
20. Stock-Based Compensation Plans (All Registrants)
Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Exelon grants stock-based awards through its LTIP, which primarily includes performance share awards, restricted stock units, and
stock options. At Decem ber 31, 2022, there were approximately 34 million shares authorize d for issuance under the LTIP. For the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, exercised and distributed stock-based awards were primarily issued from
authorized but unissued common stock shares.
Separation-related Adjustments. In connection with the separation, Exelon and Constellation entered into an Employee Matters
Agreement, ef fective February 1, 2022. Under the terms of the Employee Matters Agreement,(a)
(a)
257
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
and pursuant to the terms of the LTIP, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Exelon approved an adjustment to outstanding
awards granted under the LTIP in order to preserve the intrinsic aggregate value of such awards before the separation. The
separation-related adjustments did not have a material impact on either compensation expense or the potentially dilutive securities
to be considered in the calculation of diluted earnings per share of common stock. Forme r Exelon employees transferred to
Constellation as a result of the separation surrendered their outstanding unvested Exelon awards ef fective February 1, 2022.
The Registra nts grant cash awards. The following table does not include expense related to these plans as they are not considered
stock-based compensation plans under the applicable authoritative guidance.
The following table presents the stock-based compensation expense included in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income. The Utility Registrants' stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021, and 2020 was not material.
Year Ended December 31,
Exelon 2022 2021 2020
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating
and maintenance expense $ 41 $ 95 $ 37 
Income tax benefit (10) (25) (9)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 31 $ 70 $ 28 
Exelon recei ves a tax deduction based on the intrinsic value of the award on the exercise date for stock options and the distribution
date for performance share awards and restricted stock units. For each award, throughout the requisite service period, Exelon
recognizes the tax benefit related to compensation costs. The following table presents information regarding Exelon’ s realized tax
benefit when distributed:
Year Ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020
Performance share awards $ 6 $ 6 $ 15 
Restricted stock units 6 6 8 
Performance Share Awards
Performance share awards are granted under the LTIP. The performance share awards are settled 50% in common stock and 50%
in cash at the end of the three-year performan ce period, except for awards that are settled 100% in cash if certain ownership
requirements are satisfied.
The common stock portion of the performance share awards is considered an equity award and is valued based on Exelon's stock
price on the grant date. The cash portion of the performance share awards is considered a liabili ty award which is remeasured each
reporting period based on Exelon’ s current stock  price. As the value of the common stock and cash portions of the awards are based
on Exelon’ s stock price during the performance period, coupled with changes in the total shareh older return modifier and expected
payout of the award, the compensation costs are subject to volatility until payout is established.
For nonretire ment-eligible employees, stock-bas ed compensation costs are recognized over the vesting period of three years  using
the straight- line method. For performance share awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, the value of the performance
shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period, which is the year of grant.
Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested performance share awards activity:
258
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2021 1,222,516  $ 44.96  
Granted 727,697  43.05  
Change in performance (216,981 ) 42.73  
Vested (233,318 ) 47.39  
Forfeited (86,128 ) 42.61  
Awards surrendered as a result of the separation (2,308,745 )
Awards granted in conversion as a result of the separation 1,870,990  
Undistributed vested awards (109,226 ) 4.55 
Nonvested at December 31, 2022 866,805  $ 41.86  
__________
(a)Excludes 1,539,819 and 1,934,238 of performance share awards issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)The significant reduction in weighted average grant date fair value during 2022 primarily resulted from more pre-separation shares being
surrendered than shares issued to Exelon retirement eligible employees post-separation.
(c)Represents performance share awards that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2022.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of performance share awards
vested.
Year Ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 43.05  $ 43.37  $ 46.61  
Total fair value of performance shares vested 29 44 39 
Total fair value of performance shares settled in cash 25 28 63 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2022, $12 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance shares are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 1.8 years.
Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock units are granted under the LTIP with the majority being settled in a specific number of shares of common stock
after the service conditio n has been met. The corresponding cost of services is measured base d on the grant date fair value of the
restricted stock unit issued.
The value of the restrict ed stock units is expensed over the requisite service period using the straight-line method. The requisite
service period for restric ted stock units is generally three  to five years . However , certain restri cted stock unit awards become fully
vested upon the employee reaching retirement-eligibility . The value of the restricted stock units granted to retirement-eligible
employees is either recognized ratably over the first six months in the year of grant if the employee reaches retirement eligibility prior
to July 1st of the grant year or through the date of which the employee reaches retirement eligibility . Exelon processes forfeitures as
they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested restricted stock unit activity:(a)
(b)(c)
(a)
(a)
259
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2021 1,142,049  $ 43.52  
Granted 468,514  42.97  
Vested (499,621 ) 42.28  
Forfeited (71,816 ) 41.89  
Awards surrendered as a result of the separation (943,509 )
Awards granted in conversion as a result of the separation 643,994
Undistributed vested awards (178,450 ) 38.24  
Nonvested at December 31, 2022 561,161 $ 41.98  
__________
(a)Excludes 476,592 and 609,934 of restricted stock units issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents restricted stock units that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2022.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of restricted stock units vested.
Year Ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 42.97  $ 44.21  $ 46.33  
Total fair value of restricted stock units vested 23 34 54 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2022, $11 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested restricted stock units are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 1.90 years.
Stock Options
Non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Exelon’ s common stock were granted through 2012 under the LTIP. The exercise
price of the stock option s is equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of option grant. Stock options will
expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
At December 31, 2022 all stock options were vested and exercised.
The following table presents information with respect to stock option activity:
SharesWeighted
Average
Exercise
Price
(per share)Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life
(years)Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31,
2021 27,007  $ 46.47  0.15 $ — 
Options exercised (27,644 ) 38.56  — 
Options expired — — 
Awards surrendered as a result of the separation (2,000 )
Awards granted in conversion as a result of the
separation 2,637  
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31,
2022 — $ — 0$ — 
Exercisable at December 31, 2022 — $ — 0$ — 
The following table summarizes additional information regarding stock options exercised:(a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
260
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Year Ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020
Intrinsic value $ — $ 11 $ 5 
Cash received for exercise price 1 37 18 
__________
(a)The difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the option exercise price.
21. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Exelon)
The following tables present changes in Exelon's AOCI, net of tax, by component:
Cash Flow
HedgesPension and
Non-Pension
Postretirement
Benefit Plan
Items Foreign
Currency
Items Total
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ (2)$ (3,165 )$ (27)$ (3,194 )
OCI before reclassifications (3) (357) 4 (356)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — 150 — 150 
Net current-period OCI (3) (207) 4 (206)
Balance at December 31, 2020$ (5)$ (3,372 )$ (23)$ (3,400 )
OCI before reclassifications (1) 432 — 431 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — 219 — 219 
Net current-period OCI (1) 651 — 650 
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ (6)$ (2,721 )$ (23)$ (2,750 )
Separation of Constellation 6 1,994  23 2,023  
OCI before reclassifications 2 46 — 48 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — 41 — 41 
Net current-period OCI 2 87 — 89 
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 2 $ (640)$ — $ (638)
__________ 
(a)This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB cost. Additionally, as of February 1, 2022, in connection
with the separation, Exelon's pension and OPEB plans were remeasured. See Note 14 — Retirement Benefits for additional information. See
Exelon's Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for individual components of AOCI.
The following table presents income tax benefit (expense) allocated to each component of Exelon's other comprehensive income
(loss):
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2022 2021 2020
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost $ — $ 4 $ 16 
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost (14) (76) (66)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans valuation
adjustment (14) (153) 122 (a)
(a)
261
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information
22. Supplemental Financial Information (All Registrants)
Supplemental Statement of Operations Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Taxes other than income taxes
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Utility $ 878 $ 306 $ 166 $ 94 $312 $ 283 $ 25 $ 4 
Property 377 31 17 191 138 94 42 2 
Payroll 117 28 16 17 25 6 4 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Utility $ 774 $ 246 $ 139 $ 88 $301 $ 278 $ 22 $ 3 
Property 364 39 18 176 131 88 40 3 
Payroll 124 27 16 18 27 7 5 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Utility $ 759 $ 238 $ 135 $ 87 $299 $ 275 $ 21 $ 3 
Property 336 30 16 164 126 84 39 3 
Payroll 121 27 16 17 25 7 5 3 
__________
(a)The Registrants’ utility taxes represents municipal and state utility taxes and gross receipts taxes related to their operating revenues. The
offsetting collection of utility taxes from customers is recorded in revenues in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
Other, net
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
AFUDC—Equity $ 150 $ 35 $ 31 $ 21 $ 63 $ 48 $ 7 $ 8 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 63 — — — — — — — 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
AFUDC—Equity $ 136 $ 34 $ 26 $ 27 $ 49 $ 40 $ 6 $ 3 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 91 — — — — — — — 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
AFUDC—Equity $ 104 $ 29 $ 17 $ 22 $ 36 $ 28 $ 4 $ 4 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 53 — — — — — — — (a)
(a)
(a)
262
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Property, plant, and equipment $ 2,690 $ 1,031 $ 359 $476 $680 $ 288 $191 $173 
Amortization of regulatory assets 718 292 14 154 258 129 41 88 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 12 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets and
liabilities 3 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 66 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 44 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and accretion $ 3,533 $ 1,323 $ 373 $630 $938 $ 417 $232 $261 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Property, plant, and equipment $ 5,384 $ 970 $ 336 $439 $627 $ 274 $169 $155 
Amortization of regulatory assets 594 235 12 152 194 129 41 24 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 58 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets and
liabilities 31 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 992 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 514 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and accretion $ 7,573 $ 1,205 $ 348 $591 $821 $ 403 $210 $179 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Property, plant, and equipment $ 4,364 $ 922 $ 319 $397 $586 $ 257 $155 $140 
Amortization of regulatory assets 588 211 28 153 196 120 36 40 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 62 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets and
liabilities 30 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 983 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 500 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and accretion $ 6,527 $ 1,133 $ 347 $550 $782 $ 377 $191 $180 
__________
(a)Exelon's amounts include amounts related to Generation prior to the separation. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for additional
information.
(b)Included in Depreciation and amortization in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(c)Included in Electric operating revenues or Purchased power expense in Exelon’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
(d)Included in Purchased fuel expense in Exelon’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(e)Included in Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
263
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information
Cash paid (refunded) during the year:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $ 1,434 $ 396 $166 $147 $274 $141 $ 63 $ 60 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 73 23 31 16 19 28 (2) (6)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $ 1,505 $ 372 $152 $134 $255 $132 $ 59 $ 56 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 281 (72) (4) (38) — 12 (9) 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $ 1,521 $ 371 $144 $125 $257 $129 $ 61 $ 57 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 10 (61) (37) (57) 46 40 12 (3)
__________
(a)Exelon's amounts include amounts related to Generation prior to the separation. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for additional
information.(a)
264
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information
Other non-cash operating activities:
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit costs$ 164 $ 60 $ (9)$ 44 $ 53 $ 9 $ 3 $ 12 
Allowance for credit losses 173 46 45 25 58 29 12 16 
Other decommissioning-related activity 36 — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 60 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling mechanisms and
formula rates (168) (267) (2) 47 54 31 7 16 
Long-term incentive plan 42 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU asset 56 2 — 14 27 7 8 3 
AFUDC - Equity (150) (35) (31) (21) (63) (48) (7) (8)
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit costs$ 411 $ 129 $ 8 $ 61 $ 49 $ 6 $ 2 $ 11 
Allowance for credit losses 160 47 39 17 24 9 5 10 
Other decommissioning-related activity (946) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 125 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling mechanisms and
formula rates (171) (42) (26) (12) (91) (53) (14) (24)
Severance costs (57) 2 — — 1 — — — 
Long-term incentive plan 137 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU asset 183 1 — 29 28 6 8 4 
AFUDC - Equity (136) (34) (26) (27) (49) (40) (6) (3)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit costs$ 411 $ 114 $ 5 $ 62 $ 70 $ 15 $ 7 $ 14 
Allowance for credit losses 150 32 42 15 43 24 16 2 
Other decommissioning-related activity (659) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 104 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling mechanisms and
formula rates (6) 47 (16) (16) (21) (40) 7 12 
Severance costs 105 1 1 — — — — — 
Provision for excess and obsolete inventory 131 2 1 — — — — — 
Long-term incentive plan 56 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU Asset 222 2 1 31 28 7 8 3 
Asset impairments — 15 — — 13 — 7 6 
AFUDC - Equity (104) (29) (17) (22) (36) (28) (4) (4)
__________
(a)Exelon's amounts include amounts related to Generation prior to the separation. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for additional
information.
(b)For ComEd, reflects the true-up adjustments in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its distribution, energy efficiency, distributed
generation, and transmission formula rates. For PECO, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its transmission
formula rate. For BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with their decoupling
mechanisms and transmission formula rates. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(c)For ComEd, reflects the true-up adjustments in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its distribution, energy efficiency, distributed
generation, and transmission formula rates. For BGE, Pepco, and DPL, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with
their decoupling mechanisms and transmission formula rates. For PECO and ACE, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities
associated with their transmission formula rates. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information(a)
(b)
(b)
(c)
265
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information
The following tables provide a reconciliation of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents reported within the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022
Cash and cash equivalents $ 407 $ 67 $ 59 $ 43 $ 198 $ 45 $ 31 $ 72 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 566 327 9 24 175 54 121 — 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 117 117 — — — — — — 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,090 $ 511 $ 68 $ 67 $ 373 $ 99 $ 152 $ 72 
December 31, 2021
Cash and cash equivalents $ 672 $ 131 $ 36 $ 51 $ 136 $ 34 $ 28 $ 29 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 321 210 8 4 77 34 43 — 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 44 43 — — — — — — 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents
included in current assets of discontinued
operations 582 — — — — — — — 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,619 $ 384 $ 44 $ 55 $ 213 $ 68 $ 71 $ 29 
December 31, 2020
Cash and cash equivalents $ 432 $ 83 $ 19 $ 144 $ 111 $ 30 $ 15 $ 17 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 349 279 7 1 39 35 — 3 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 53 43 — — 10 — — 10 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents
included in current assets of discontinued
operations 332 — — — — — — — 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents$ 1,166 $ 405 $ 26 $ 145 $ 160 $ 65 $ 15 $ 30 
December 31, 2019
Cash and cash equivalents $ 587 $ 90 $ 21 $ 24 $ 131 $ 30 $ 13 $ 12 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 358 150 6 1 36 33 — 2 
Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 177 163 — — 14 — — 14 
Total cash, restricted cash, and cash
equivalents $ 1,122 $ 403 $ 27 $ 25 $ 181 $ 63 $ 13 $ 28 
__________
(a)Exelon's amounts include amounts related to Generation prior to the separation. See Note 2 — Discontinued Operations for additional
information.(a)
266
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
The following tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Investments
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco
December 31, 2022
Equity method investments:
Other equity method investments $ 16 $ 6 $ 8 $ — $ — $ — 
Other investments:
Employee benefit trusts and investments 216 — 22 7 138 119 
Total investments $ 232 $ 6 $ 30 $ 7 $ 138 $ 119 
December 31, 2021
Equity method investments:
Other equity method investments $ 15 $ 6 $ 7 $ — $ — $ — 
Other investments:
Employee benefit trusts and investments 235 — 27 14 145 120 
Total investments $ 250 $ 6 $ 34 $ 14 $ 145 $ 120 
__________
(a)The Registrants’ debt and equity security investments are recorded at fair market value.
Accrued expenses
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2022
Compensation-related accruals $ 613 $ 179 $ 81 $ 79 $ 104 $ 29 $ 20 $ 16 
Taxes accrued 211 92 10 34 70 52 8 12 
Interest accrued 338 124 47 42 61 32 9 14 
December 31, 2021
Compensation-related accruals $ 596 $ 155 $ 77 $ 78 $ 113 $ 35 $ 20 $ 17 
Taxes accrued 253 94 14 53 96 88 9 11 
Interest accrued 297 116 41 44 52 28 8 11 
__________
(a)Primarily includes accrued payroll, bonuses and other incentives, vacation, and benefits.
23. Related Party T ransactions (All Registrants)
Utility Registrants' expense with Generation
The Utility Registrants incurred expenses from transactions with the Generation affiliate as described in the footnotes to the table
below prior to separation on February 1, 2022. Such expenses were primarily recorded as Purchased power from affiliates and an
immaterial amount recorded as Operating and maintenance expense from af filiates at the Utility Registrants:(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
267
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Related Party Transactions
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2022 2021 2020
ComEd $ 59 $ 376 $ 330 
PECO 33 196 190 
BGE 18 236 315 
PHI 51 366 367 
Pepco 39 270 279 
DPL 10 79 75 
ACE 2 17 13 
__________
(a)ComEd had an ICC-approved RFP contract with Generation to provide a portion of ComEd’s electric supply requirements. ComEd also
purchased RECs and ZECs from Generation.
(b)PECO received electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through PECO’s competitive procurement process. In addition, PECO
had a ten-year agreement with Generation to sell solar AECs.
(c)BGE received a portion of its energy requirements from Generation under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and gas commodity
programs.
(d)Pepco received electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through Pepco's competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and DCPSC.
(e)DPL received a portion of its energy requirements from Generation under its MDPSC and DEPSC approved market-based SOS commodity
programs.
(f)ACE received electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through ACE's competitive procurement process approved by the
NJBPU.
Service Company Costs for Corporate Support
The Registrants receive a variety of corporate support services from BSC. Pepco, DPL, and ACE also receive corporate support
services from PHISCO. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding BSC and PHISCO.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
268
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Related Party Transactions
The following table presents the service company costs allocated to the Registrants:
Operating and maintenance from affiliates Capitalized costs
For the years ended December 31, For the years ended December 31,
2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020
Exelon
   BSC $ 707 $ 508 $ 531 
   PHISCO 80 72 61 
ComEd
   BSC $ 316 $ 304 $ 283 311 207 186 
PECO
   BSC 197 169 150 115 81 76 
BGE
   BSC 204 189 170 122 92 132 
PHI
   BSC 188 168 152 159 128 149 
   PHISCO — — — 80 72 61 
Pepco
   BSC 110 96 85 60 50 55 
   PHISCO 112 114 120 33 31 27 
DPL
   BSC 71 61 54 45 43 51 
   PHISCO 96 99 97 26 22 18 
ACE
   BSC 57 53 45 54 33 40 
   PHISCO 84 86 87 21 19 16 
Current Receivables from/Payables to affiliates
The following tables present current Receivables from af filiates and current Payables to af filiates:
December 31, 2022
Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to affiliates: ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE BSC PHISCO Other Total
ComEd $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 66 $ — $ 8 $ 74 
PECO $ — — — — — 39 — 3 42 
BGE — — — — — 38 — 1 39 
PHI — — — — — — 4 — 10 14 
Pepco — — — — — 20 13 1 34 
DPL — 2 — — — 12 8 — 22 
ACE — 2 — — — 14 9 1 26 
Other 3 — — — — 1 — — 4 
Total $ 3 $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ 1 $193 $ 30 $ 24 $ 255 
269
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Related Party Transactions
December 31, 2021
Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to
affiliates:ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE Generation BSC PHISCO Other Total
ComEd $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 41 $ 71 $ — $ 9 $ 121 
PECO $ — — — — — 30 36 — 4 70 
BGE — — — — — 4 41 — 3 48 
PHI — 1 — — — 1 — 5 — 9 16 
Pepco — — 1 1 1 20 21 12 3 59 
DPL — — — — — 4 17 11 1 33 
ACE — — — — — 7 13 9 2 31 
Generation 13 — — — — — 102 — 16 131 
Other 3 — — — — — 11 — — 14 
Total $ 16 $ 1 $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ 2 $ 117 $306 $ 32 $47 $ 523 
Borrowings from Exelon/PHI intercompany money pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. PECO, and PHI Corporate participate in the Exelon
money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE participate in the PHI intercompany money pool.
Noncurrent Receivables from affiliates
ComEd and PECO have  noncurrent receivables with Constellation for estimated excess funds at the end of decommissioning the
Regulatory Agreement Units, such amounts are due back to ComEd and PECO, as applicable, for payment to their respective
customers. The receivables are recorded in Receivable related to Regulatory Agreement Units as of December 31, 2022 and in
noncurrent Receivables from affiliates as of December 31, 2021. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Long-term debt to financing trusts
The following table presents Long-term debt to financing trusts:
As of December 31,
2022 2021
Exelon ComEd PECO Exelon ComEd PECO
ComEd Financing III $ 206 $ 205 $ — $ 206 $ 205 $ — 
PECO Trust III 81 — 81 81 — 81 
PECO Trust IV 103 — 103 103 — 103 
Total $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 
Charitable Contributions
In December 2022, Exelon Corporation made  an unconditional promise to give $20 million to the Exelon Foundation. The
contribution was recorded in Operating and maintenance expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income with the offset in Accrued expenses and Other Deferred credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
270
Table of Contents
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
All Registrants—Disclosure Controls and Procedures
During the fourth quarter of 2022, each of the Registrant's management, including its princ ipal executive officer and principal
financial officer, evaluated disclosure controls and procedures related to the recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting of
information in that Registrant’ s periodic reports  that it files with the SEC. These disclosure controls and procedures have been
designed by the Registra nts to ensure that (a) material information relating to that Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is accumulated and made known to that Registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, by other employ ees of that Registrant and its subsidiaries as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure, and (b) this information is recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated, and reported, as applicable, within the time
periods specified in the SEC’ s rules and forms. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur becau se of simple error or mistake. Additi onally , controls could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by
collusion of two or more people.
Accordingly , as of Dece mber 31, 2022, the principal executive officer and principal financial  officer of each of the Registrants
concluded that such Registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures were ef fective to accomplish its objectives.
All Registrants—Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Each Regist rant continually strives to improve its disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of its financial reporting
and to maint ain dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. However , there have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, any of the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS
OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS - Executive Overview for additional information on COVID-19.
All Registrants—Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is required to assess and report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022. As a result of that assessment, managem ent determined that there were no material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022
and, therefore, concluded that each Registrant ’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Management’ s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THA T PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not Applicable
271
Table of Contents
PART III  
PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva
Power & Light Company , and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of
Form 10-K for a reduced  disclosure format. Accordingly , all items in this section relating to PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
are not presented.
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Executive Officers
The information required by ITEM 10 relating to executive officers is set forth above in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—Executive officers of the
Registrants at February 14, 2023.
Directors, Director Nomination Process and Audit Committee
The informa tion require d under ITEM 10 concerning directors and nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of
shareholders (Item 401 of Regulation S-K), the director nomination process (Item 407(c)(3)), the audit committee (Item 407(d)(4) and
(d)(5)), and the benefici al reporting compliance (Sec. 16(a)) is incorporated herein by reference to information to be contained in
Exelon’ s definitive 2023 proxy statement (2023  Exelon Proxy Statement) and the ComEd information statement (2023 ComEd
Information Statement) to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2023 pursuant to Regulation 14A or 14C, as applicable, under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Code of Ethics
Exelon’ s Code of Business Conduct is the code of ethics that applies to Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Corpor ate Controller , and other finance organization employees. The Code of Business Conduct is filed as Exhibit
14 to this report and is available on Exelon’ s website at www .exeloncorp.com. The Code of Business Conduct will be made
available, without charge, in print to any shareho lder who requests such document from Carter C. Culver , Senior Vice President and
Deputy General Counsel, Exelon Corporation, P .O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398.
If any substa ntive amend ments to the Code of Business Conduct are made or any waivers are granted, including any implicit waiver ,
from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct, to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finan cial Officer or Corporate Controller ,
Exelon will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Exelon’ s website, www .exeloncorp.com, or in a report on Form 8-K.
272
Table of Contents
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under Executive Compensation Data  and Report of the Compensation
Committee in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd 2023 Information Statement,
which are incorporated herein by reference.
273
Table of Contents
ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF CERT AIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELA TED
STOCKHOLDER MA TTERS
The addition al information required by this item will be set forth under Ownership of Exelon Stock  in the 2023  Exelon Proxy
Statement or the ComEd 2023 Information Statement and incorporated herein by reference.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Exelon Equity Compensation Plans
[A] [B] [C]
Plan CategoryNumber of securities to
be issued upon
exercise of outstanding
Options, warrants and
rights (Note 1)Weighted-average
price of outstanding
Options, warrants
and rights (Note 2)Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
under equity
compensation plans
(excluding securities
reflected in
column [A]) (Note 3)
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders 3,991,435 $ — 43,893,655 
__________
(1)Balance includes unvested performance shares, and unvested restricted stock units that were granted under the Exelon LTIP or predecessor
company plans (including shares awarded under those plans and deferred into the stock deferral plan) and deferred stock units granted to
directors as part of their compensation. Unvested performance shares are subject to performance metrics and to a total shareholder return
modifier. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Exelon LTIP plan, 50% of final payouts are made in the form of shares of common stock and
50% is made in form of in cash, or if the participant has exceeded 200% of their stock ownership requirement, 100% of the final payout is made
in cash. For performance shares granted in 2020, 2021, and 2022, the total includes the maximum number of shares that could be issued
assuming all participants receive 50% of payouts in shares and assuming the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were
both at maximum, representing best case performance, for a total of 2,512,560 shares. If the performance and total shareholder return modifier
metrics were at "target", the number of securities to be issued for such awards would be 1,256,280. The balance also includes 471,350 shares
to be issued upon the conversion of deferred stock units awarded to members of the Exelon board of directors. Conversion of the deferred stock
units to shares of common stock occurs after a director terminates service to the Exelon board or the board of any of its subsidiary companies.
See Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about
the material features of the plans.
(2)There are no outstanding stock options. The weighted-average price reported in column B does not take the performance shares and shares
credited to deferred compensation plans into account.
(3)Includes 12,662,529 shares remaining available for issuance from the employee stock purchase plan.
No ComEd securities are authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.
274
Table of Contents
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Related Persons Transactions and Director Independence in
the Exelon Proxy Statem ent for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd 2023  Information Statement, which are
incorporated herein by reference.
275
Table of Contents
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under The Ratification of Pricewat erhouseCoopers LLP as Exelon’ s
Independent Accountant for 2023 in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the ComEd 2023
Information Statement, which are incorporated herein by reference.
276
Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:
(1) Exelon
(i)   Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)   Financial Statement Schedules:
  Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for
the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.
277
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income
 
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating expenses
Operating and maintenance $ 25 $ (9)$ (2)
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 4 14 10 
Other 2 2 2 
Total operating expenses 31 7 10 
Operating loss (31) (7) (10)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (413) (333) (378)
Equity in earnings of investments 2,450  1,908  1,482  
Interest income from af filiates, net 5 — 1 
Other , net 22 — 15 
Total other income 2,064  1,575  1,120  
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 2,033  1,568  1,110  
Income taxes (21) (48) 11 
Net income from continuing operations after income taxes 2,054  1,616  1,099  
Net income from discontinued operations after income taxes 116 90 864 
Net income $ 2,170  $ 1,706  $ 1,963  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic costs $ (1)$ (4)$ (40)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic cost 42 223 190 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation
adjustment 46 431 (357)
Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 2 — (1)
Other comprehensive income (loss) 89 650 (208)
Comprehensive income $ 2,259  $ 2,356  $ 1,755  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
278
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
 
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Net cash flows provided by operating activities $ 1,690  $ 3,629  $ 3,018  
Cash flows from investing activities
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 35 381 (477)
Notes receivable from af filiates 274 — 550 
Investment in af filiates (4,011 ) (2,231 ) (1,969 )
Other investing activities — 1 — 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (3,702 ) (1,849 ) (1,896 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 448 — (136)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90
days 1,150  500 — 
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90
days (1,300 ) (350) — 
Issuance of long-term debt 3,350  — 2,000  
Retirement of long-term debt (1,150 ) (300) (1,450 )
Issuance of common stock 563 — — 
Dividends paid on common stock (1,334 ) (1,497 ) (1,492 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans 36 80 45 
Other financing activities (35) 19 (27)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 1,728  (1,548 ) (1,060 )
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (284) 232 62 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 295 63 1 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 11 $ 295 $ 63 
See the Notes to Financial Statements
279
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 11 $ 295 
Accounts receivable, net
Other accounts receivable 358 318 
Accounts receivable from af filiates 17 35 
Notes receivable from af filiates 182 217 
Regulatory assets 154 266 
Other 6 41 
Total current assets 728 1,172  
Property , plant, and equipment, net 44 45 
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 2,650  3,164  
Investments in af filiates from continuing operations 35,925  29,563  
Investments in af filiates from discontinued operations — 12,333  
Deferred income taxes 929 1,351  
Non-pension postretirement benefit asset 187 — 
Notes receivable from af filiates — 319 
Other 115 42 
Total deferred debits and other assets 39,806  46,772  
Total assets $ 40,578  $ 47,989  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
280
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 948 $ 650 
Long-term debt due within one year 850 1,150  
Accounts payable 188 — 
Accrued expenses 101 47 
Payables to af filiates 360 360 
Regulatory liabilities 12 3 
Pension obligations 77 49 
Other 7 40 
Total current liabilities 2,543  2,299  
Long-term debt 8,742  6,265  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Regulatory liabilities 103 63 
Pension obligations 3,896  4,416  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — 87 
Deferred income taxes 53 362 
Other 497 104 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 4,549  5,032  
Total liabilities 15,834  13,596  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock ( No par value, 2,000  shares authorized, 994 shares and 979 shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 20,908  20,324  
Treasury stock, at cost ( 2 shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 4,597  16,942  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (638) (2,750 )
Total shareholders’  equity 24,744  34,393  
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 40,578  $ 47,989  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
281
Table of Contents
 Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
1. Basis of Presentation
Exelon Corp orate is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. These
condensed financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation
S-X. These statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, of Exelon
Corporation.
As of Decem ber 31, 2022 and 2021, Exelon Corporate owned 100% of all of its significant  subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly ,
except for Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd), of which Exelon Corporate owns more than 99%. As of February 1, 2022, as
a result of the completi on of the separation, Exelon Corporate no longer retains any equity ownership interest in Generation or
Constellation. The separation of Constellation , including Generation and its subsidiaries, meets the criteria for discontinued
operations and as such , results of operations are presented as discontinued operations and have been excluded from continuing
operations for all periods presented. Accounting rules require that certain BSC costs previously allocated to Generation be presented
as part of Exelon’ s continuing operations as these costs do not qualify as expenses of the discontinued operations. Comprehensive
income and cash flows  related to Generation have not been segregated and are included  in the Condensed Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income and Condensed Statements of Cash Flows, respectively , for all periods presented. See
Note 2 — Discontinued Operations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
2. Derivative Financial Instruments
See Note 15—Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financia l Statements for Exelon Corporate’ s
derivatives.
3. Debt and Credit Agreements
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corp orate meets  its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper . Exelon Corporate
had $449 million in outstanding commercial paper borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and no outstanding commercial paper as of
December 31, 2021.
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a term loan agreement for $500 million. The loan agreement was renewed on
March 14, 2022 and will expire on March 16, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured . The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon
Corporation's Balance Sheets within Short-term borrowings.
On March 31, 2021, Exelon Corporate entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for $150 million with a variable interest rate of
LIBOR plus 0.65% and an expiration date of March 30, 2022. Exelon Corporate repaid the term loan on March 30, 2022.
In connection with the separation, on January 24, 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into a 364-day term loan agreement for
$1.15 billion. The loan agreement was set to expire on January 23, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder
bore interest at a variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.75% until July 23, 2022 and a rate of SOFR plus 0.975 % thereafter . All
indebtedness pursuant to the loan agreement was unsecured. On August 11, 2022, Exelon Corporate made a partial repayment of
$575 million on the term loan. The remaining $575 million outstanding balance was repaid on October 11, 2022 in conjunction with
the $ 500 million 18-month term loan that was entered into on October 7, 2022.
282
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
Revolving Credit Agreements
As of December 31, 2022, Exelon Corporation had a $900 million aggregate bank commitment under its existing syndicated
revolving facility in which $448 million was available to support additional commercial paper as of December 31, 2022. See Note 16
— Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
Exelon Corporate’ s credit agreement.
On February  1, 2022, Exelon Corporate entered into a new 5-year revolving credit facility with an aggregate bank commitment of
$900 millio n at a variable interest rate of SOFR plus 1.275 % which replaced its existing $600 millio n syndicated revolving credit
facility .
Long-T erm Debt
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt for Exelon Corporate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021:
 Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates 2022 2021
Long-term debt
Junior subordinated notes 3.50 % 2022 $ — $ 1,150  
Senior unsecured notes 2.75 %- 7.60 % 2025 - 2052 8,139  6,139  
Loan agreement 4.95 %- 5.15 % 2023 - 2024 1,350  — 
Total long-term debt 9,489  7,289  
Unamortized debt discount and
premium, net (10) (10)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (51) (39)
Fair value adjustment 164 175 
Long-term debt due within one year (850) (1,150 )
Long-term debt $ 8,742  $ 6,265  
__________
(a)Senior unsecured notes included mirror debt that was held on Exelon Corporation's Balance Sheet in 2021. In connection with the separation,
on January 31, 2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from Generation of $258 million to settle the intercompany loan. See Note 16 — Debt and
Credit Agreements for additional information on the merger debt.
(b)In connection with the separation, Exelon Corporate entered into three 18-month term loan agreements. On January 21, 2022, two of the loan
agreements were issued for $300 million each with an expiration date of July 21, 2023. On January 24, 2022, the third loan agreement was
issued for $250 million with an expiration date of July 24, 2023. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a
variable rate equal to SOFR plus 0.65%.
The long-term debt maturities for Exelon Corporate for the periods 2023 through 2027 and thereafter are as follows:
2023 $ 850 
2024 500 
2025 807 
2026 750 
2027 650 
Thereafter 5,932  
Total long-term debt $ 9,489  
4. Commitments and Contingencies
See Note 18—Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for Exelon
Corporate’ s commitments and contingencies.(a)
(b)
283
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
5. Related Party T ransactions
The financial statements of Exelon Corporate include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2022 2021 2020
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:
        BSC $ 4 $ 14 $ 10 
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates: $ 4 $ 14 $ 10 
Interest income (expense) from af filiates, net:
BSC $ 4 $ — $ 1 
EEDC 1 — — 
Total interest income from af filiates, net: $ 5 $ — $ 1 
Equity in earnings (losses) of investments:
BSC $ (18)$ (301)$ (273)
EEDC 2,482  2,215  1,729  
PCI (9) (1) — 
Exelon InQB8R (4) (7) (1)
Other (1) 2 27 
Total equity in earnings of investments: $ 2,450  $ 1,908  $ 1,482  
Cash contributions received from af filiates $ 2,027  $ 1,842  $ 1,638  (a)
(b)
(b)
284
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 As of December 31,
(in millions) 2022 2021
Accounts receivable from af filiates (current):
BSC $ 3 $ 4 
Generation — 13 
ComEd 4 5 
PECO 2 4 
BGE 1 2 
PHISCO 7 6 
Exelon Enterprises — 1 
Total accounts receivable from af filiates (current): $ 17 $ 35 
Notes receivable from af filiates (current):
BSC $ 138 $ 210 
PHI 44 7 
Total notes receivable from af filiates (current): $ 182 $ 217 
Investments in af filiates from continuing operations:
BSC $ 384 $ 146 
EEDC 35,092  32,621  
PCI 52 62 
UII 365 365 
Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust 4 3 
Exelon Enterprises 3 3 
Conectiv 12 — 
Exelon InQB8R 15 26 
Other (2) (3,663 )
Total investments in af filiates from continuing operations: $ 35,925  $ 29,563  
Notes receivable from af filiates (noncurrent):
Generation $ — $ 319 
Accounts payable to af filiates (current):
UII $ 360 $ 360 
Total accounts payable to af filiates (current): $ 360 $ 360 
__________
(a)Exelon Corporate receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology, and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead.
(b)EEDC consists of ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(c)In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger, Exelon and subsidiaries of Generation (former
Constellation subsidiaries) entered into intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of
Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate from Generation. In connection with the separation, on January 31,
2022, Exelon Corporate received cash from Generation of $258 million to settle the intercompany loan. See Schedule 1 - 2. Debit and Credit
agreements for additional information on the merger debt.
(d)Primarily relates to elimination of affiliate transactions with Generation, primarily related to the Regulatory Agreement Units. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters and Note 23 — Related Party Transactions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Charitable Contributions
In December 2022, Exelon Corporation made  an unconditional promise to give $20 million to the Exelon Foundation. The
contribution was recorded in Operating and maintenance expense within the Condensed Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income  with the offset in Accrued expenses and Other Deferred credits and other liabilities on the Condensed
Balance Sheets.(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(d)
(c)
285
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 392 $ 174 $ 28 $ 185 $ 409 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 37 — 57 — 94 
Reserve for obsolete materials 13 8 — 6 15 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 405 $ 107 $ — $ 120 $ 392 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 4 — 33 — 37 
Reserve for obsolete materials 11 5 — 3 13 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 213 $ 228 $ 38 $ 74 $ 405 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 2 — 2 — 4 
Reserve for obsolete materials 12 5 — 6 11 
__________
(a)Excludes the noncurrent allowance for credit losses related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $7 million, $14 million, and $5 million for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
(b)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
applicable to the different jurisdictions the Utility Registrants operate in.
(c)Primarily reflects write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(d)DPL recorded a full valuation allowance against Delaware net operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. See Note 13
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the valuation allowance.(a) (b) (c)
(a) (b) (c)
(d)
(a) (b) (c)
286
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
(2) ComEd
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
287
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 90 $ 24 $ 8 $ 46 $ 76 
Reserve for obsolete materials 7 5 — 4 8 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 118 $ 18 $ 1 $ 47 $ 90 
Reserve for obsolete materials 6 3 — 2 7 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 79 $ 54 $ 13 $ 28 $ 118 
Reserve for obsolete materials 7 3 — 4 6 
__________
(a)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in
rates annually through a rider mechanism. The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory
assets/liabilities under such mechanism. See Note 3 – Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
288
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
(3) PECO
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
289
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
  Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 112 $ 44 $ 14 $ 56 $ 114 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 3 — 4 — 7 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 2 — 1 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 124 $ 32 $ (6)$ 38 $ 112 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — 2 — 3 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 62 $ 76 $ 6 $ 20 $ 124 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 1 — 1 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — 1 2 
__________
(a)Excludes the noncurrent allowance for credit losses related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $7 million, $14 million, and $5 million for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
(b)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to the COVID-19 regulatory asset. See Note 3 –
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(c)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b) (c)
(a) (b) (c)
(a) (b) (c)
290
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
(4) BGE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
291
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 47 $ 37 $ 6 $ 26 $ 64 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 3 — 3 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 1 — — 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 44 $ 16 $ 3 $ 16 $ 47 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 17 $ 31 $ 6 $ 10 $ 44 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — (1) — — 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
292
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(5) PHI
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
293
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 143 $ 69 $ — $ 57 $ 155 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 31 — 4 — 35 
Reserve for obsolete materials 3 — — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 119 $ 41 $ 2 $ 19 $ 143 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 31 — 31 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — — 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 53 $ 69 $ 13 $ 16 $ 119 
Reserve for obsolete materials 3 — — 1 2 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
applicable to the different jurisdictions Pepco, DPL, and ACE operate in.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)DPL recorded a full valuation allowance against Delaware net operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. See Note 13
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the valuation allowance.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(c)
(a) (b)
294
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
(6) Pepco
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
295
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 53 $ 36 $ 4 $ 21 $ 72 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 45 $ 14 $ 2 $ 8 $ 53 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 20 $ 25 $ 5 $ 5 $ 45 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the DCPSC and MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
296
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
(7) DPL
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
297
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 26 $ 13 $ (2) $ 9 $ 28 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 31 — 1 — 32 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 31 $ 6 $ (1) $ 10 $ 26 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 31 — 31 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 15 $ 16 $ 4 $ 4 $ 31 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the DEPSC and MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)DPL recorded a full valuation allowance against Delaware net operating losses carryforwards due to a change in Delaware tax law. See Note 13
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the valuation allowance.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(c)
(a) (b)
298
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
(8) ACE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 14, 2023 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PCAOB ID 238)
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
299
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2022
Allowance for credit losses $ 64 $ 20 $ (2)$ 27 $ 55 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Allowance for credit losses $ 43 $ 21 $ 1 $ 1 $ 64 
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 18 $ 28 $ 4 $ 7 $ 43 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — 1 — 
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates
annually through the Societal Benefits Charge. The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to
regulatory assets/liabilities under such mechanism. See Note 3 – Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
300
Table of Contents
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:
Certain of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended . Certain other instruments which would otherwise be required to be listed below have not been so listed because such
instruments do not authorize securities in an amount which exceeds 10% of the total assets of the applicable registrant and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and the relevant registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission
upon request.
(2) Plans of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, or succession
Exhibit No. Description Location
2-1Separation Agreement, dated January 31, 2022,
between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy
CorporationFile No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022,
Exhibit 2.1
(3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
Exelon Corporation
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-1Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of
Exelon Corporation, as amended July 24, 2018File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated July 27, 2018,
Exhibit 3.1
3-2Amended and Restated Bylaws of Exelon Corporation,
as amended on August 3, 2022File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2022,
Exhibit 3.1
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-3Articles of Restatement to the Charter of Baltimore Gas
and Electric Company , restated as of August 16, 1996File No. 001-01910, Form 10-Q dated November 14,
1996, Exhibit 3
3-4Articles of Amendment to the Charter of Baltimore Gas
and Electric Company as of February 2, 2010File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated February 4, 2010,
Exhibit 3.1
3-5Amended and Restated Bylaws of Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company dated August 3, 2020File No. 001-01910, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 3.4
301
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-6Restated Articles of Incorporation of Commonwealth
Edison Company Ef fective February 20, 1985, including
Statements of Resolution Establishing Series, relating to
the establishment of three new series of Commonwealth
Edison Company preference stock known as the “$9.00
Cumulative Preference Stock,” the “$6.875 Cumulative
Preference Stock” and the “$2.425 Cumulative
Preference Stock”File No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated March 30, 1995,
Exhibit 3.2
3-7Amended and Restated Bylaws of Commonwealth
Edison Company , Effective February 22, 2021File No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated February 24,
2021, Exhibit 3.6
PECO Energy Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-8Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of
PECO Energy CompanyFile No. 001-01401, Form 10-K dated April 2, 2001,
Exhibit 3.3
3-9Amended and Restated Bylaws of PECO Energy
Company dated August 3, 2020File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 3.3
Pepco Holdings LLC
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-10Certificate of Formation of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated
March 23, 2016File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 24, 2016,
Exhibit 3.2
3-11Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated August 3,
2020File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 3.5
Atlantic City Electric Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-12Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Atlantic City
Electric Company (filed in New Jersey on August 9,
2002)File No. 001-03559, Amendment No. 1 to Form U5B
dated February 13, 2003, Exhibit B.8.1
3-13 Bylaws of Atlantic City Electric CompanyFile No. 001-03559, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005,
Exhibit 3.2.2
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-14Restated Certificate and Articles of Incorporation of
Delmarva Power & Light Company (as filed in Delaware
and V irginia)File No. 001-01405, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2007,
Exhibit 3.3
3-15 Bylaws of Delmarva Power & Light CompanyFile No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005,
Exhibit 3.2.1
302
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
3-16Restated Articles of Incorporation of Potomac Electric
Power Company (as filed in the District of Columbia)File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006,
Exhibit 3.1
3-17Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of
Restatement of Potomac Electric Power Company (as
filed in V irginia)File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated November 4,
2011, Exhibit 3.3
3-18 Bylaws of Potomac Electric Power CompanyFile No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006,
Exhibit 3.2
(4) Instruments Defining the Rights of Securities Holders, Including Indentures
Exelon Corporation
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-1 Exelon Corporation Direct Stock Purchase PlanFile No. 333-206474, Registration Statement on Form
S-3 dated August 19, 2015
4-2Indenture dated May 1, 2001 between Exelon
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , National Association, as trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2005,
Exhibit 4.10
4-3Form of $500,000,000 5.625% senior notes due 2035
dated June 9, 2005 issued by Exelon CorporationFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2005,
Exhibit 99.3
4-4Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as TrusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014,
Exhibit 4.1
4-4-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17,
2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of
New York Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as TrusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014,
Exhibit 4.2
4-4-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 3, 2017,
between Exelon and The Bank of New York Mellon
Trust Company , N.A., as trustee, to that certain
Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt
Securities), dated June 17, 2014File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 4, 2017,
Exhibit 4.3
4-5Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , National Association, as trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 11, 2015,
Exhibit 4.1
4-5-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 11,
2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as
trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 11, 2015,
Exhibit 4.2
303
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-5-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December
2, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of
New York Mellon Trust Company , National Association,
as trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015,
Exhibit 4.1
4-5-3Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2016,
among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 7, 2016,
Exhibit 4.2
4-5-4Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1,
2020, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 1, 2020,
Exhibit 4.2
4-5-5Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 7,
2022, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trusteeFile No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 7, 2022,
Exhibit 4.2
4-6 Description of Exelon SecuritiesFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11,
2020, Exhibit 4.63
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-7Form of 3.350% Note due 2023 issued June 17, 2013
by Baltimore Gas and Electric CompanyFile No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2013,
Exhibit 4.1
4-8Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Baltimore
Gas and Electric Company and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as trusteeFile No. 333-135991, Registration Statement on Form
S-3 dated July 24, 2006, Exhibit 4(b)
4-9Form of 2.400% notes due 2026 issued August 18,
2016 by Baltimore Gas and Electric CompanyFile No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016,
Exhibit 4.1
4-10Form of 3.500% Note due 2046 issued August 18, 2016
by Baltimore Gas and Electric CompanyFile No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016,
Exhibit 4.2
4-11Form of 3.750% Note due 2047 issued August 24, 2017
by Baltimore Gas and Electric CompanyFile No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 24, 2017,
Exhibit 4.1
4-12Form of 4.550% Note due 2052 issued June 6, 2022 by
Baltimore Gas and Electric CompanyFile No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated June 6, 2022,
Exhibit 4.2
4-13Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2019, between
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and U.S. Bank
National Association, as trusteeFile No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated September 12,
2019, Exhibit 4.1
304
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-14Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company to Illinois
Merchants Trust Company , Trustee (BNY  Mellon Trust
Company of Illinois, as current successor Trustee),
dated July 1, 1923, as supplemented and amended by
Supplemental Indenture thereto dated August 1, 1944Registration No. 2-60201, Form S-7, Exhibit 2-1
4-14-1Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of January 13, 2003File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February 13, 2003,
Exhibit 4.4
4-14-2Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 22, 2006File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 6, 2006,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-3Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of March 1, 2007File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2007,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-4Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of December 20, 2007File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated January 16, 2008,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-5Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of September 17, 2012File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated October 1, 2012,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-6Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of August 1, 2013File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 19, 2013,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-7Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of January 2, 2014File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated January 10, 2014,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-8Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of October 28, 2014File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated November 10,
2014, Exhibit 4.1
4-14-9Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 18, 2015File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 2, 2015,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-10Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of November 4, 2015File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated November 19,
2015, Exhibit 4.1
4-14-11Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of June 15, 2016File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated June 27, 2016,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-12Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of August 9, 2017File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 23, 2017,
Exhibit 4.1(a)
305
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-14-13Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 6, 2018File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February 20, 2018,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-14Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of July 26, 2018File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 14, 2018,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-15Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 7, 2019File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February 19, 2019,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-16Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of October 29, 2019File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated November 12,
2019, Exhibit 4.1
4-14-17Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 10, 2020File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February 25, 2020,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-18Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 16, 2021File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 9, 2021,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-19Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of August 2, 2021File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 12, 2021,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-20Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of February 23, 2022File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K/A  dated March 15, 2022,
Exhibit 4.1
4-14-21Supplemental Indenture to Commonwealth Edison
Company Mortgage dated as of December 21, 2022File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K dated January 10, 2023,
Exhibit 4.1
4-15Instrument of Resignation, Appointment and
Acceptance dated as of February 20, 2002, under the
provisions of the Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison
Company dated July 1, 1923, and Indentures
Supplemental thereto, regarding corporate trusteeFile No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated April 1, 2002,
Exhibit 4.4.2
4-16Instrument dated as of January 31, 1996, under the
provisions of the Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison
Company dated July 1, 1923 and Indentures
Supplemental thereto, regarding individualFile No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated March 29, 1996,
Exhibit 4.29
4-17 Description of ComEd SecuritiesFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11,
2020, Exhibit 4.65
306
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-18First and Refunding Mortgage dated May 1, 1923
between The Counties Gas and Electric Company
(predecessor to PECO Energy Company) and Fidelity
Trust Company , Trustee (U.S. Bank National
Association, as current successor trustee)Registration No. 2-2281, Exhibit B-1
4-18-1Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of December 1,
1941Registration No. 2-4863, Exhibit B-1(h)
4-18-2Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of April 15, 2004File No. 000-16844 , Form 10-Q  date d September 30 ,
2004, Exhibit 4 -1-1
4-18-3Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September
15, 2006File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 25,
2006, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-4Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of March 1,
2007File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 19, 2007,
Exhibit 4.1
4-18-5Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September 1,
2012File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 17,
2012, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-6Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September 1,
2014File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 15,
2014, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-7Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September
15, 2015File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated October 5, 2015,
Exhibit 4.1
4-18-8Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September 1,
2017File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 18,
2017, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-9Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of February 1,
2018File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated February 23, 2018,
Exhibit 4.1
4-18-10Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September 1,
2018File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 11,
2018, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-11Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of August 15,
2019File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 10,
2019, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-12Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of June 1, 2020File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated June 8, 2020,
Exhibit 4.1
4-18-13Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of February 15,
2021File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 8, 2021,
Exhibit 4.1(a)
(a)
307
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-18-14Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of September 1,
2021File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated September 14,
2021, Exhibit 4.1
4-18-15Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of May 1, 2022File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated May 24, 2022,
Exhibit 4.1
4-18-16Supplemental Indenture to PECO Energy Company’ s
First and Refunding Mortgage dated as of August 1,
2022File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated August 23, 2022,
Exhibit 4.1
4-19Indenture to Subordinated Debt Securities dated as of
June 24, 2003 between PECO Energy Company , as
Issuer , and U.S. Bank National Association, as TrusteeFile No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003,
Exhibit 4.1
4-20Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement between
PECO Energy Company , as Guarantor , and U.S. Bank
National Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 24,
2003File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003,
Exhibit 4.2
4-21PECO Energy Capital Trust IV Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust among PECO Energy Company , as
Sponsor , U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as
Delaware Trustee and Property Trustee, and J. Barry
Mitchell, George R. Shicora and Charles S. W alls as
Administrative Trustees dated as of June 24, 2003File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003,
Exhibit 4.3
4-22 Description of PECO SecuritiesFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11,
2020, Exhibit 4.64
308
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-23Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated January 15, 1937,
between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank
of New York Mellon (formerly Irving Trust Company), as
trustee2-66280, Registration Statement dated December 21,
1979, Exhibit 2(a)
4-23-1Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of June 1, 19492-66280, Registration Statement dated December 21,
1979, Exhibit 2(b)
4-23-2Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of March 1, 1991Form 10-K dated March 28, 1991, Exhibit 4(d)(1)
4-23-3Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of April 1, 2004File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 6, 2004,
Exhibit 4.3
4-23-4Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of March 8, 2006File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated March 17, 2006,
Exhibit 4
4-23-5Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of March 29, 2011File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 1, 2011,
Exhibit 4.2
4-23-6Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of August 18, 2014File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated August 19, 2014,
Exhibit 4.2
4-23-7Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of December 1, 2015File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015,
Exhibit 4.2 (included as E xhibit A to Exhibit 1.1) .
4-23-8Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of October 9, 2018File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated October 16, 2018,
Exhibit 4.1
4-23-9Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of May 2, 2019File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated May 21, 2019, File
No. 4.3
4-23-10Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of June 1, 2020File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2020,
Exhibit 4.2
4-23-11Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of February 15, 2021File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated March 10, 2021,
Exhibit 4.1
4-23-12Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of November 1, 2021File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated November 16,
2021, Exhibit 4.2
4-23-13Supplemental Indenture to Atlantic City Electric
Company Mortgage dated as of February 1, 2022File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated February 15, 2022,
Exhibit 4.2
4-24Pollution Control Facilities Loan Agreement, dated as of
June 1, 2020, between The Pollution Control Financing
Authority of Salem County and Atlantic City ElectricFile No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated June 2, 2020,
Exhibit 4.1(a)
(a)
(a)
309
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-25Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Delaware Power & Light
Company to The Bank of New York Mellon (ultimate
successor to the New York Trust Company), as trustee,
dated as of October 1, 1943, and copies of the First
through Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures thereto33-1763, Registration Statement dated November 27,
1985, Exhibit 4-(A)
4-25-1Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of October 1, 199333-53855, Registration Statement dated January 30,
1995, Exhibit 4-L
4-25-2Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of October 1, 199433-53855, Registration Statement dated January 30,
1995, Exhibit 4-N
4-25-3Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of November 7, 2013File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated November 8, 2013,
Exhibit 4.2
4-25-4Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of June 2, 2014File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 3, 2014,
Exhibit 4.3
4-25-5Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of May 4, 2015File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated May 5, 2015,
Exhibit 4.2
4-25-6Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of December 5, 2016File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated December 12,
2016, Exhibit 4.2
4-25-7Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of June 1, 2018File No. 00 1-01405, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018,
Exhibit 4.2
4-25-8Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of May 2, 2019File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated December 12,
2019, Exhibit 4.2
4-25-9Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of January 1, 2020File No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 8, 2020,
Exhibit 4.4
4-25-10Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of June 1, 2020File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2020,
Exhibit 4.4
4-25-11Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of February 15, 2021File No. 0 01-01405, Form 8-K dated March 30, 2021,
Exhibit 4.4
4-25-12Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of February 1, 2022File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated February 15, 2022,
Exhibit 4.4(a)
(a)
(a)
310
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-25-13Supplemental Indenture to Delmarva Power & Light
Company Mortgage dated as of January 1, 2022File No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2022,
Exhibit 4.1
4-26Gas Facilities Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1,
2020, between The Delaware Economic Development
Authority and Delmarva Power & Light CompanyFile No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated July 1, 2020,
Exhibit 4.1
Potomac Electric Power Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-27Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated July 1, 1936, of
Potomac Electric Power Company to The Bank of New
York Mellon as successor trustee, securing First
Mortgage Bonds of Potomac Electric Power Company ,
and Supplemental Indenture dated July 1, 1936File No. 2-2232, Registration Statement dated June 19,
1936, Exhibit B-4
4-27-1Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of December 10, 19398-K dated January 3, 1940, Exhibit B
4-27-2Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 16, 2004File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2004,
Exhibit 4.3
4-27-3Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of May 24, 2005File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 26, 2005,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-4Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of November 13, 2007File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated November 15,
2007, Exhibit 4.2
4-27-5Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 24, 2008File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 28, 2008,
Exhibit 4.1
4-27-6Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of December 3, 2008File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated December 8, 2008,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-7Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 28, 2012File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 29, 2012,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-8Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 11, 2013File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 12, 2013,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-9Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of November 14, 2013File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated November 15,
2013, Exhibit 4.2
4-27-10Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 11, 2014File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 12, 2014,
Exhibit 4.2(a)
(a)
311
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
4-27-11Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 9, 2015File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 10, 2015,
Exhibit 4.3
4-27-12Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of May 15, 2017File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 22, 2017,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-13Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of June 1, 2018File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-14Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of May 2, 2019File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 13, 2019,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-15Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of February 12, 2020File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated February 25, 2020,
Exhibit 4.2
4-27-16Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of February 15, 2021File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 30, 2021,
Exhibit 4.4
4-27-17Supplemental Indenture to Potomac Electric Power
Company Mortgage dated as of March 1, 2022File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 24, 2022,
Exhibit 4.2
4-28Exempt Facilities Loan Agreement dated as of June 1,
2019 between the Maryland Economic Development
Corporation and Potomac Electric Power CompanyFile No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 27, 2019,
Exhibit 4.1
(10) Material Contracts
Exelon Corporation
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-1Transition Services Agreement, dated January 31,
2022, between Exelon Corporation and Constellation
Energy CorporationFile No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022,
Exhibit 10.1
10-2Tax Matters Agreement, dated January 31, 2022,
between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy
CorporationFile No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022,
Exhibit 10.2
10-3Employee Matters Agreement, dated January 31, 2022,
between Exelon Corporation and Constellation Energy
CorporationFile No. 001-16169, Form 8K dated February 2, 2022,
Exhibit 10.3
10-4Credit Agreement for $900,000,000 dated February 1,
2022, between Exelon Corporation and various financial
institutionsFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 25,
2022, Exhibit 10.40
10-5Exelon Corporation Non-Employee Directors’  Deferred
Stock Unit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective
April 28, 2020)File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 10.1
312
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-6Form of Exelon Corporation Unfunded Deferred
Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended and
restated Ef fective March 12, 2012) *File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 1 3,
2015, Exhibit 10.3
10-7Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management
Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective
January 1, 2009) *File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009,
Exhibit 10.19
10-8Exelon Corporation Annual Incentive Plan for Senior
Executives (As Amended Ef fective January 1, 2014) *File No. 001-16169, Proxy Statement dated April 1,
2014, Appendix A
10-9Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as
amended and restated ef fective September 25, 2019File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31,
2019, Exhibit 10.3
10-10Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan for
Unincorporated Subsidiaries, as amended and restated
effective September 25, 2019File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31,
2019, Exhibit 10.4
10-11Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive Plan
(Effective April 28, 2020)File No. 001-16169, Proxy Statement dated March 18,
2020, Appendix A
10-12Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive Plan
Prospectus, dated May 27, 2020File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 10.3
10-13Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and
Agreement under the Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-
Term Incentive PlanFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 10.4
10-14Form of Performance Share Award Notice and
Agreement under the Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-
Term Incentive PlanFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020,
Exhibit 10.5
10-15Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance
PlanFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11,
2020, Exhibit 10.13
10-16Form of Separation Agreement under Exelon
Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As
Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020)File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11,
2020, Exhibit 10.21
10-17Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan
dated as of January 1, 2003 *File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13,
2007, Exhibit 10.52
10-17-1First Amendment to Exelon Corporation Executive
Death Benefits Plan, Ef fective January 1, 2006 *File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13,
2007, Exhibit 10.53
313
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-18Exelon Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (As
Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2005)File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13,
2007, Exhibit 10.56
10-19Exelon Corporation Stock Deferral Plan (As Amended
and Restated Ef fective September 25, 2019)File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31,
2019, Exhibit 10.5
10-20Form of Exelon Corporation Change in Control
AgreementFile No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 26,
2016, Exhibit 10.1
10-21Letter Agreement, dated June 4, 2020, between Exelon
Corporation and William A. Von Hoene, Jr .File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 24,
2021, Exhibit 10.74
Commonwealth Edison Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-22Deferred Prosecution Agreement, dated July 17, 2020,
between Commonwealth Edison Company and the U.S.
Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of IllinoisFile No. 001- 0183 9, Form 8-K dated July 17, 2020,
Exhibit 10.1
10-23Credit Agreement for $1,000,000,000 dated February 1,
2022, between Commonwealth Edison Company and
various financial institutionsFile No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated February 25,
2022, Exhibit 10 .42
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-24Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated February 1,
2022, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
and various financial institutionsFile No. 001-01910, Form 10-K dated February 25,
2022, Exhibit 10 .41
PECO Energy Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-25PECO Energy Company Supplemental Pension Benefit
Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1,
2009)File No. 000-16844, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009,
Exhibit 10.20
10-26Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated February 1,
2022, between PECO Energy Company and various
financial institutionsFile No. 00 0-16844, Form 10-K dated February 25,
2022, Exhibit 10.43
314
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company , Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company
Exhibit No. Description Location
10-27Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2015,
among Atlantic City Electric Company and the
purchasers signatory theretoFile No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015,
Exhibit 1.1
10-28Credit Agreement for $900,000,000 dated February 1,
2022, between Potomac Electric Power Company ,
Delmarva Power & Light Company , Atlantic City Electric
Company and various financial institutionsFile Nos. 001-010172, 001-01405, 001-03559, Form 10-
K dated February 25, 2022, Exhibit 10.44
(14) Code of Ethics
Exelon Corporation
Exhibit No. Description Location
14-1Exelon Code of Conduct, as amended June 20, 2022File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2022,
Exhibit 14
Exhibit No. Description
Subsidiaries
21-1 Exelon Corporation
21-2 Commonwealth Edison Company
21-3 PECO Energy Company
21-4 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
21-5 Pepco Holdings LLC
21-6 Potomac Electric Power Company
21-7 Delmarva Power & Light Company
21-8 Atlantic City Electric Company
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accountants
23-1 Exelon Corporation
23-2 Commonwealth Edison Company
23-3 PECO Energy Company
23-4 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
23-5 Potomac Electric Power Company
23-6 Delmarva Power & Light Company
23-7 Atlantic City Electric Company
Power of Attorney (Exelon Corporation)
24-1 Anthony K. Anderson
24-2 Ann C. Berzin
24-3 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
315
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-4 W. Paul Bowers
24-5 Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire
24-6 Carlos Gutierrez
24-7 Linda P . Jojo
24-8 Paul Joskow
24-9 John F . Young
Power of Attorney (Commonwealth Edison Company)
24-10 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-11 Ricardo Estrada
24-12 Zaldwaynaka Scott
24-13 Smita Shah
24-14 Gil C. Quiniones
Power of Attorney (PECO Energy Company)
24-15 Nicholas Bertram
24-16 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-17 Nelson A. Diaz
24-18 John S. Grady
24-19 Michael A. Innocenzo
24-20 Charisse R. Lillie
24-21 Sharmaine Matlock-T urner
24-22 Michael Nutter
Power of Attorney (Baltimore Gas and Electric Company)
24-23 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-24 James R. Curtiss
24-25 Carim V . Khouzami
24-26 Keith Lee
24-27 Rachel Garbow Monroe
24-28 Byron Marchant
24-29 Tim Regan
24-30 Amy Seto
24-31 Maria Harris Tildon
Power of Attorney (Pepco Holdings LLC)
24-32 Antoine Allen
24-33 J. Tyler Anthony
316
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-34 Charlene Dukes
24-35 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-36 Debra P . DiLorenzo
24-37 Benjamin W u
24-38 Linda W . Cropp
Power of Attorney (Potomac Electric Power Company)
24-39 J. Tyler Anthony
24-40 Phillip S. Barnett
24-41 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-42 Rodney Oddoye
24-43 Elizabeth O'Donnell
24-44 Tamla Olivier
24-45 Anne Bancroft
Power of Attorney (Delmarva Power & Light Company)
24-46 J. Tyler Anthony
24-47 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
Power of Attorney (Atlantic City Electric Company)
24-48 J. Tyler Anthony
Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
31-1 Filed by Calvin G. Butler , Jr. for Exelon Corporation
31-2 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Exelon Corporation
31-3 Filed by Gil C. Quiniones for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-4 Filed by Elisabeth J. Graham for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-5 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
31-6 Filed by Marissa Humphrey for PECO Energy Company
31-7 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-8 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-9 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-10 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-11 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-13 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Delmarva Power & Light Company
317
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
31-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-15 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Atlantic City Electric Company
31-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code as to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
32-1 Filed by Calvin G. Butler , Jr. for Exelon Corporation
32-2 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Exelon Corporation
32-3 Filed by Gil C. Quiniones for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-4 Filed by Elisabeth J. Graham for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-5 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
32-6 Filed by Marissa Humphrey for PECO Energy Company
32-7 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-8 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-9 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-10 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-11 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-13 Filed by J.T yler Anthony for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-15 Filed by J. Tyler Anthony for Atlantic City Electric Company
32-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
101.INSInline XBRL  Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
XBRL  tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL  document.
101.SCH Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.
101.PRE Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL  and contained in Exhibit 101)
__________
* Compensatory plan or arrangements in which directors or officers of the applicable registrant participate and which are not available to all
employees.
(a)These filings are not available electronically on the SEC website as they were filed in paper previous to the electronic system that is currently in
place.
318
Table of Contents
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
All Registrants
Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Registrants have
elected not to include such summary information.
319
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
EXELON CORPORA TION
By:  /s/ CAL VIN G. BUTLER, JR.
Name:  Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CAL VIN G. BUTLER, JR.   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorCalvin G. Butler , Jr.
/s/    JEANNE M. JONES   Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer (Principal
Financial Of ficer)Jeanne M. Jones
/s/ JOSEPH R. TRPIK   Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller (Principal
Accounting Of ficer)Joseph R. Trpik
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Gayle E. Littleton, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Anthony K. Anderson
  Linda P . Jojo
Ann C. Berzin Paul Joskow
W. Paul Bowers John F . Young
Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire
Carlos Gutierrez
 
By:   /s/ GA YLE E. LITTLET ON   February 14, 2023
Name:   Gayle E. Littleton    
320
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY
By:  /s/ GIL  C. QUINIONES
Name:  Gil C. Quiniones
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ GIL  C. QUINIONES   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorGil C. Quiniones
/s/ ELISABETH J. GRAHAM   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Elisabeth J. Graham
/s/    STEVEN J. CICHOCKI   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Steven J. Cichocki
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Gil C. Quiniones, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
  Zaldwaynaka Scott
Ricardo Estrada Smita Shah
 
By:   /s/ GIL  C. QUINIONES   February 14, 2023
Name:   Gil C. Quiniones    
321
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY
By:  /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO
Name:  Michael A. Innocenzo
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorMichael A. Innocenzo
/s/ MARISSA  HUMPHREY   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Marissa Humphrey
/s/ CAROLINE FULGINITI   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Caroline Fulginiti
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Michael A. Innocenzo, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Nicholas Bertram
  Charisse R. Lillie
Calvin G. Butler , Jr. Sharmaine Matlock-T urner
Nelson A. Diaz Michael Nutter
John S. Grady
 
By:   /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   February 14, 2023
Name:   Michael A. Innocenzo    
322
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY
By:  /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI
Name:  Carim V . Khouzami
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorCarim V . Khouzami
/s/ DA VID M. V AHOS   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)David M. V ahos
/s/ JASON T. JONES   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Jason T. Jones
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Carim V. Khouzami, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
  Byron Marchant
James R. Curtiss Tim Regan
Keith Lee Amy Seto
Rachel Garbow Monroe Maria Harris T ildon
 
By:   /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   February 14, 2023
Name:   Carim V . Khouzami    
    
323
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by J. Tyler Anthony , Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Antoine Allen
  Benjamin W u
Charlene Dukes Linda W . Cropp
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
Debra P . DiLorenzo
 
By:   /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   February 14, 2023
Name:   J. Tyler Anthony    
324
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer) and DirectorPhillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by J. Tyler Anthony , Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
  Tamla Olivier
Rodney Oddoye Anne Bancroft
Elizabeth O'Donnell
 
By:   /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   February 14, 2023
Name:   J. Tyler Anthony    
325
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by J. Tyler Anthony , Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the date
indicated:
 
Calvin G. Butler , Jr.   
 
By:   /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   February 14, 2023
Name:   J. Tyler Anthony    
326
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
14th day of February , 2023.
 
ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY
By:  /s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY
Name:  J. Tyler Anthony
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February , 2023.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ J. TYLER ANTHONY   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorJ. Tyler Anthony
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
327
