UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2019
 or
☐TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission
File Number  Name of Registrant; State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Address of Principal Executive Offices;
and T elephone Number  IRS Employer
Identification
Number
001-16169  EXELON CORPORATION  23-2990190
  (a Pennsylvania corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
P.O. Box 805379
Chicago, Illinois 60680-5379
(800) 483-3220  
333-85496  EXELON GENERATION COMPANY, LLC  23-3064219
  (a Pennsylvania limited liability company)
300 Exelon Way
Kennett Square, Pennsylvania 19348-2473
(610) 765-5959  
001-01839  COMMONWEALTH EDISON COMPANY  36-0938600
  (an Illinois corporation)
440 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois 60605-1028
(312) 394-4321  
000-16844  PECO ENERGY COMPANY  23-0970240
  (a Pennsylvania corporation)
P.O. Box 8699
2301 Market Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101-8699
(215) 841-4000  
001-01910  BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY  52-0280210
  (a Maryland corporation)
2 Center Plaza
110 West Fayette Street
Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3708
(410) 234-5000  
001-31403  PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC  52-2297449
  (a Delaware limited liability company)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068
(202) 872-2000  
001-01072  POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY  53-0127880
  (a District of Columbia and Virginia corporation)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068
(202) 872-2000  
001-01405  DELMARVA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY  51-0084283
  (a Delaware and Virginia corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702
(202) 872-2000  
001-03559  ATLANTIC CITY ELECTRIC COMPANY  21-0398280
  (a New Jersey corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702
(202) 872-2000  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
EXELON CORPORATION:
Common Stock, without par value EXC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
 
PECO ENERGY COMPANY:
Trust Receipts of PECO Energy Capital Trust III, each representing a
7.38% Cumulative Preferred Security, Series D, $25 stated value,
issued by PECO Energy Capital, L.P. and unconditionally guaranteed
by PECO Energy Company EXC/28 New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of Each Class
COMMONWEALTH EDISON COMPANY:
Common Stock Purchase Warrants (1971 Warrants and Series B Warrants)
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Exelon Corporation Yesx No ☐
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Exelon Corporation Yes ☐ Nox
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ý    No  ¨
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).    Yes  ý    No  ¨
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging
growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Exelon Corporation Large Accelerated
Filer x Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer ☐Smaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Exelon Generation
Company, LLCLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Commonwealth
Edison CompanyLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
PECO Energy
CompanyLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Baltimore Gas and
Electric CompanyLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Pepco Holdings
LLCLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Potomac Electric
Power CompanyLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Delmarva Power &
Light CompanyLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Atlantic City Electric
CompanyLarge Accelerated
Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐  No  x
The estimated aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of each registrant as of June 30,
2019 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value $46,542,193,363
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Not applicable
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value No established market
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value None
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, without par value None
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company None
Delmarva Power & Light Company None
Atlantic City Electric Company None
     The number of shares outstanding of each registrant’s common stock as of January 31, 2020 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value   974,319,565
Exelon Generation Company, LLC   Not applicable
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value   127,021,349
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value   170,478,507
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Common Stock, without par value   1,000
Pepco Holdings LLC  Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company Common Stock, $0.01 par value  100
Delmarva Power & Light Company Common Stock, $2.25 par value  1,000
Atlantic City Electric Company Common Stock, $3.00 par value  8,546,017
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Commonwealth Edison Company 2019
Information Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III.
     Exelon Generation Company, LLC, PECO Energy Company, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power
Company, Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of
Form 10-K and are therefore filing this Form in the reduced disclosure format.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Page No.
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS 1
FILING FORMA T 6
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION 6
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION 6
  
PART I  
ITEM 1. BUSINESS 7
 General 7
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 8
 Utility Operations 16
 Employees 19
 Environmental Regulation 19
 Executive Of ficers of the Registrants 24
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS 29
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS 43
ITEM 2. PROPER TIES 44
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 44
 The Utility Registrants 48
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS 49
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES 50
PART II  
ITEM 5. MARKET  FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES 51
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL  DATA 54
 Exelon Corporation 54
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 55
 Commonwealth Edison Company 55
 PECO Energy Company 56
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 56
 Pepco Holdings LLC 57
 Potomac Electric Power Company 58
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 58
 Atlantic City Electric Company 59
 Page No.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS 60
 Exelon Corporation 60
 Executive Overview 60
 Financial Results of Operations 61
 Significant 2019 Transactions and Recent Developments 64
 Exelon's Strategy and Outlook for 2020 and Beyond 68
 Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies 69
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 74
 Results of Operations 84
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 85
 Commonwealth Edison Company 91
 PECO Energy Company 94
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 98
 Pepco Holdings LLC 101
 Potomac Electric Power Company 102
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 105
 Atlantic City Electric Company 110
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 112
 Contractual Obligations and Of f-Balance Sheet Arrangements 129
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK 134
 Exelon Corporation 134
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 141
 Commonwealth Edison Company 143
 PECO Energy Company 145
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 147
 Pepco Holdings LLC 149
 Potomac Electric Power Company 151
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 153
 Atlantic City Electric Company 155
 Page No.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA 157
 Exelon Corporation 178
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 183
 Commonwealth Edison Company 188
 PECO Energy Company 193
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 198
 Pepco Holdings LLC 203
 Potomac Electric Power Company 208
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 213
 Atlantic City Electric Company 218
 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 223
 1. Significant Accounting Policies 223
 2. Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions 232
 3. Regulatory Matters 235
 4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 252
 5. Segment Information 255
 6. Early Plant Retirements 265
 7. Property , Plant and Equipment 269
 8. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant 271
 9. Asset Retirement Obligations 272
 10. Leases 277
 11. Asset Impairments 280
 12. Intangible Assets 280
 13. Income Taxes 283
 14. Retirement Benefits 292
 15. Derivative Financial Instruments 305
 16. Debt and Credit Agreements 312
 17. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities 322
 18. Commitments and Contingencies 338
 19. Shareholders' Equity 348
 20. Stock-Based Compensation Plans 349
 21. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 352
 22. V ariable Interest Entities 353
 23. Supplemental Financial Information 356
 24. Related Party Transactions 363
 25. Quarterly Data 367
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 370
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 370
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION 370
 Page No.
PART III  
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE 371
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION 372
ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF CER TAIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  AND
RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS 373
ITEM 13. CER TAIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE 374
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES 375
PART IV  
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT  SCHEDULES 376
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMAR Y 421
SIGNA TURES 422
 Exelon Corporation 422
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 423
 Commonwealth Edison Company 424
 PECO Energy Company 425
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 426
 Pepco Holdings LLC 427
 Potomac Electric Power Company 428
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 429
 Atlantic City Electric Company 430
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Exelon Corporation and Related Entities
Exelon  Exelon Corporation
Generation  Exelon Generation Company , LLC
ComEd  Commonwealth Edison Company
PECO  PECO Energy Company
BGE  Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Pepco Holdings or PHI   Pepco Holdings LLC (formerly Pepco Holdings, Inc.)
Pepco   Potomac Electric Power Company
DPL   Delmarva Power & Light Company
ACE   Atlantic City Electric Company
Registrants
 Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE,
collectively
Utility Registrants  ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE, collectively
Legacy PHI  PHI, Pepco, DPL, ACE, PES and PCI collectively
ACE Funding or ATF   Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
Antelope V alley  Antelope V alley Solar Ranch One
BondCo  RSB BondCo LLC
BSC  Exelon Business Services Company , LLC
CENG  Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC
Constellation  Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
EEDC  Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC
EGR IV  ExGen Renewables IV , LLC
EGRP  ExGen Renewables Partners, LLC
EGTP  ExGen Texas Power , LLC
Entergy  Entergy Nuclear FitzPatrick, LLC
Exelon Corporate  Exelon in its corporate capacity as a holding company
Exelon T ransmission Company  Exelon Transmission Company , LLC
Exelon W ind  Exelon Wind, LLC and Exelon Generation Acquisition Company , LLC
FitzPatrick  James A. FitzPatrick nuclear generating station
Ginna  R. E. Ginna nuclear generating station
PCI   Potomac Capital Investment Corporation and its subsidiaries
PEC L.P .  PECO Energy Capital, L.P .
PECO T rust III  PECO Capital Trust III
PECO T rust IV  PECO Energy Capital Trust IV
Pepco Energy Services or PES   Pepco Energy Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries
PHI Corporate  PHI in its corporate capacity as a holding company
PHISCO  PHI Service Company
RPG  Renewable Power Generation
SolGen  SolGen, LLC
TMI  Three Mile Island nuclear facility
UII  Unicom Investments, Inc.
 
1
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
AEC
 Alternative Energy Credit that is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified alternative energy source
AESO  Alberta Electric Systems Operator
AFUDC  Allowance for Funds Used During Construction
AGE  Albany Green Energy Project
AMI  Advanced Metering Infrastructure
AMP  Advanced Metering Program
AOCI  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
ARC  Asset Retirement Cost
ARO  Asset Retirement Obligation
ARP  Alternative Revenue Program
ASA  Asset Sale Agreement
BGS   Basic Generation Service
CAISO  California ISO
CAP  Customer Assistance Program
CCGT s  Combined-Cycle gas turbines
CERCLA
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, as amended
CES  Clean Energy Standard
Clean Air Act  Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended
Clean W ater Act  Federal W ater Pollution Control Amendments of 1972, as amended
CODM  Chief Operating Decision Maker
Conectiv   Conectiv , LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI and the parent of DPL  and ACE
during the Predecessor periods
Conectiv Energy   Conectiv Energy Holdings, Inc. and substantially all of its subsidiaries, which
were sold to Calpine in July 2010
ConEdison Solutions
 The competitive retail electricity and natural gas business of Consolidated
Edison Solutions, Inc., a subsidiary of Consolidated Edison, Inc
CSAPR  Cross-State Air Pollution Rule
CTA   Consolidated tax adjustment
D.C. Circuit Court  United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
DC PLUG  District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative
DCPSC   District of Columbia Public Service Commission
DDOT  District Department of Transportation
DOE  United States Department of Energy
DOEE  Department of Energy & Environment
DOJ  United States Department of Justice
DPSC   Delaware Public Service Commission
DSP  Default Service Provider
DSP Program  Default Service Provider Program
EDF  Electricite de France SA  and its subsidiaries
EIMA
 Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act (Illinois Senate Bill 1652 and Illinois
House Bill 3036)
EmPower   A Maryland demand-side management program for Pepco and DPL
2
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
EPA  United States Environmental Protection Agency
EPSA  Electric Power Supply Association
ERCOT  Electric Reliability Council of Texas
ERISA  Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
EROA  Expected Rate of Return on Assets
FASB  Financial Accounting Standards Board
FEJA  Illinois Public Act 99-0906 or Future Energy Jobs Act
FERC  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
FRCC  Florida Reliability Coordinating Council
FRR  Fixed Resource Requirement
GAAP  Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States
GCR   Gas Cost Rate
GHG  Greenhouse Gas
GSA  Generation Supply Adjustment
GWh  Gigawatt hour
IBEW  International Brotherhood of Electrical W orkers
ICC  Illinois Commerce Commission
ICE  Intercontinental Exchange
IIP  Infrastructure Investment Program
Illinois EP A  Illinois Environmental Protection Agency
Illinois Settlement Legislation  Legislation enacted in 2007 af fecting electric utilities in Illinois
Integrys  Integrys Energy Services, Inc.
IPA  Illinois Power Agency
IRC  Internal Revenue Code
IRS  Internal Revenue Service
ISO  Independent System Operator
ISO-NE  ISO New England Inc.
NYISO  New York ISO
kV  Kilovolt
kW  Kilowatt
kWh  Kilowatt-hour
LIBOR  London Interbank Of fered Rate
LLRW  Low-Level Radioactive W aste
LNG  Liquefied Natural Gas
LTIP  Long-T erm Incentive Plan
MAPP   Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway
MATS  U.S. EP A Mercury and Air Toxics Rule
MBR  Market Based Rates Incentive
MDE  Maryland Department of the Environment
MDPSC  Maryland Public Service Commission
MGP  Manufactured Gas Plant
MISO  Midcontinent Independent System Operator , Inc.
3
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
mmcf  Million Cubic Feet
Moody’ s  Moody’ s Investor Service
MOPR  Minimum Of fer Price Rule
MRV  Market-Related V alue
MW  Megawatt
MWh  Megawatt hour
n.m.  not meaningful
NAAQS  National Ambient Air Quality Standards
NAV  Net Asset V alue
NDT  Nuclear Decommissioning Trust
NEIL  Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited
NERC  North American Electric Reliability Corporation
NGS  Natural Gas Supplier
NJBPU   New Jersey Board of Public Utilities
NJDEP  New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
NLRB  National Labor Relations Board
Non-Regulatory Agreements Units
 Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are not subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
NOSA  Nuclear Operating Services Agreement
NPDES  National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
NPNS  Normal Purchase Normal Sale scope exception
NRC  Nuclear Regulatory Commission
NSPS  New Source Performance Standards
NWP A  Nuclear W aste Policy Act of 1982
NYMEX  New York Mercantile Exchange
NYPSC  New York Public Service Commission
OCI  Other Comprehensive Income
OIESO  Ontario Independent Electricity System Operator
OPC   Office of People’ s Counsel
OPEB  Other Postretirement Employee Benefits
PA DEP  Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
PAPUC  Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
PCB  Polychlorinated Biphenyl
PGC  Purchased Gas Cost Clause
PG&E  Pacific Gas and Electric Company
PJM  PJM Interconnection, LLC
POLR  Provider of Last Resort
POR  Purchase of Receivables
PPA  Power Purchase Agreement
Price-Anderson Act  Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act of 1957
Preferred Stock   Originally issued shares of non-voting, non-convertible and non-transferable
Series A preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share
4
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
PRP  Potentially Responsible Parties
PSEG  Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
PV  Photovoltaic
RCRA  Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended
REC
 Renewable Energy Credit which is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified renewable energy source
Regulatory Agreement Units
 Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
RES  Retail Electric Suppliers
RFP  Request for Proposal
Rider  Reconcilable Surcharge Recovery Mechanism
RGGI  Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative
RMC  Risk Management Committee
RNF  Revenue Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense
ROE   Return on equity
ROU  Right-of-use
RPM  PJM Reliability Pricing Model
RPS  Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards
RSSA  Reliability Support Services Agreement
RTEP  Regional Transmission Expansion Plan
RTO  Regional Transmission Organization
S&P  Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services
SEC  United States Securities and Exchange Commission
SERC  SERC Reliability Corporation (formerly Southeast Electric Reliability Council)
SGIG  Smart Grid Investment Grant from DOE
SILO  Sale-In, Lease-Out
SNF  Spent Nuclear Fuel
SOS  Standard Of fer Service
SPFP A  Security , Police and Fire Professionals of America
SPP  Southwest Power Pool
TCJA
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
Transition Bond Charge   Revenue ACE receives, and pays to ACE Funding, to fund the principal and
interest payments on Transition Bonds and related taxes, expenses and fees
Transition Bonds   Transition Bonds issued by ACE Funding
Upstream  Natural gas and oil exploration and production activities
VIE  Variable Interest Entity
WECC  Western Electric Coordinating Council
ZEC  Zero Emission Credit
ZES  Zero Emission Standard
5
Table of Contents
FILING FORMA T
This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is being filed separately by Exelon Corporation, Exelon Generation Company , LLC,
Commonwealth Edison Company , PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac
Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company (Registrants). Information contained
herein relatin g to any individual Registrant is filed by such Registrant on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any representation as
to information relating to any other Registrant.
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION
This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Secu rities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
that are subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements made by the Registrants include those factors discussed herein, including those factors discussed with respect to the
Registrants discussed in (a) Part I, ITEM 1A. Risk Factors, (b) Part II, ITEM 7. Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and (c) Part II, ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Note 18, Commitments
and Contingencies; and (d) other factors discus sed in filings with the SEC by the Registrants. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue relian ce on these forward-looking state ments, which apply only as of the date of this Report. None of the Registrants
undertakes any obligatio n to publicly release any revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this Report.
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION
The SEC maintains an Internet site at www .sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
that the Registrants file electronically with the SEC. These documents are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and the Registrants’  website at www .exeloncorp.com. Information contained on the Registrants’  website shall not
be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Report.
6
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1.  
General
Corporate Structure and Business and Other Information
Exelon is a utility servic es holding company engaged in the generation, delivery and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE.
Name of Registrant   State/Jurisdiction and
  Business   Service
Year of Incorporation Territories
Exelon Generation
Company, LLC
 Pennsylvania (2000)
 Generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across
multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing
business, Constellation, which sells electricity to both wholesale
and retail customers. Generation also sells natural gas,
renewable energy and other energy-related products and
services.Five reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic,
Midwest, New York, ERCOT and Other
Power Regions
Commonwealth Edison
Company  Illinois (1913) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of
Chicago
    Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company Pennsylvania (1929) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the
City of Philadelphia (electricity)
    Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customers Pennsylvania counties surrounding the
City of Philadelphia (natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company  Maryland (1906) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of
Baltimore (electricity and natural gas)
    Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC Delaware (2016) Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL and
ACE
Potomac Electric 
Power Company  District of Columbia (1896)
Virginia (1949)  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia and Major portions of
Montgomery and Prince George’s
Counties, Maryland
    Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power & Light
Company  Delaware (1909)
Virginia (1979)  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland
(electricity)
    Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware
(natural gas)
Atlantic City Electric
Company  New Jersey (1924) Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
    Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Business Services
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, huma n resources, financial, information technology and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as
7
Table of Contents
“Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations unless otherwise disclosed.
Merger with Pepco Holdings, Inc. (Exelon)
On March 23, 2016 , Exelon completed the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement among Exelon, Purple Acquisition Corp.,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon (Merger Sub) and PHI. As a result of that merger , Merger Sub was merged into PHI (the PHI
Merger) with PHI surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and EEDC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon which also owns
Exelon's interests in Com Ed, PECO and BGE (through a special purpose subsidiary in the case  of BGE). Following the completion
of the PHI Merger , Exelo n and PHI completed a series of internal corporate organization restru cturing transactions resulting in the
transfer of PHI’s unregul ated business interests to Exelon and Generation and the transfer of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE to a special
purpose subsidiary of EEDC.
Generation
Generation, one of the largest competitive electric generation companies in the United States as measured by owned and contracted
MW, physically delivers and markets power across multiple geographic regions through its custo mer-facing business, Constellation.
Constellation sells electricity and natural gas, including renewable energy , in competitive energy markets to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to ensure delivery of energy to both wholesale and retail customers
under long-term and short-term contracts, and in wholesale power markets. Generation operates in well-developed energy markets
and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility . Generation's fleet also provides geographic and
supply sourc e diversity . Generation’ s customers  include distribution utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, financial institutions, and
commercial, industrial, governmental, and residential customers in competitive markets. Generation’ s customer-facing activities
foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers.
Generation is a public utility under the Federal Power Act and is subject to FERC’ s exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over wholesale
sales of electricity and the transmission of electr icity in interstate commerce. Under the Federal Power Act, FERC has the authority
to grant or deny market-based rates for sales of energy , capacity and ancillary services to ensure that such sales are just and
reasonable. FERC’ s jurisdiction over ratemaking includes the authority to suspend the market-based rates of utilities and set cost-
based rates should FERC find that its previous grant of market-based rates authority is no longer just and reasonable. Other matters
subject to FERC jurisdiction include, but are not limited to, third-party financings; review of mergers; dispositions of jurisdictional
facilities and acquisitions of securities of another public utility or an existing operational generating facility; affiliate transactions;
intercompany financings  and cash manageme nt arrangements; certain internal corporate reorganizations; and certain holding
company acquisitions of public utility and holding company securities.
RTOs and ISOs exist in a number of regions to provide transmission service across multiple transmission systems. FERC has
approved PJM, MISO, ISO-NE and SPP as RTOs and CAISO and NYISO as ISOs. These entities are responsible for regional
planning, managing transmission congestion, developing wholesale markets for energy and capacity , maintaining reliability , market
monitoring, the scheduling of physical power sales brokered through ICE and NYMEX and the elimination or reduction of redundant
transmission charges imposed by multiple transmission providers when wholesale customers take transmission service across
several transmission systems. ERCOT  is not subject to regulation by FERC but performs a similar function in Texas to that
performed by R TOs in markets regulated by FERC.
Specific operations of Generation are also subject to the jurisdiction of various other Federal, state, regional and local agencies,
including the NRC and Federal and state environmental protection agencies. Additionally , Generation is subject to NERC mandatory
reliability standards, which protect the nation’ s bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security
breaches.
Acquisitions and Dispositions
Disposition of Oyster Creek.  On July 1, 2019, Generatio n completed the sale with Holtec International (Holtec) and its indirect
wholly owned subsidiary , Oyster Creek Environmental Protection, LLC (OCEP), of Oyster Creek located in Forked River , New
Jersey , which permanently ceased generation operations on September 17, 2018.
8
Table of Contents
Disposition of EGTP  and Acquisition of Handley Generating Station. On November 7, 2017, EGTP  and all of its wholly owned
subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Delaware. As a result of the bankruptcy filing, EGTP’ s assets and liabilities were deconsolidated from Exelon
and Generation's consolidated financial statements. The Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings  were finalized on April 17, 2018,
resulting in the ownership of EGTP  assets (other than the Handley Generating Station) being transferred to EGTP's lenders.
On April 4, 2018, Generation acquired the Handley Generating Station in conjunction with the EGTP Chapter 11 proceedings for a
total purchase price of $62 million.
Acquisition of FitzPatrick. On March 31, 2017, Generation acquired the single-unit FitzPatrick plant located in Scriba, New York
from Entergy for a total purchase price consideration of $289 million, resulting in an after-tax bargain purchase gain of $233 million in
2017.
Acquisition of ConEdison Solutions. On September 1, 2016, Generation acquired ConEdison Solutions for a purchase price of
$257 million, including net working capital of $204 million. The renewable energy , sustainable services and energy efficiency
businesses of ConEdison were excluded from the transaction.
See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note 11 — Asset Impair ments  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on acquisitions and dispositions.
Generating Resources
At December 31, 2019 , the generating resources of Generation consisted of the following:
Type of Capacity MW
Owned generation assets(a)(b)  
Nuclear 18,872
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 9,665
       Renewable(c) 3,057
Owned generation assets 31,594
Contracted generation(d) 4,765
Total generating resources 36,359
 
__________
(a)See “Fuel” for sources of fuels used in electric generation.
(b)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share. See ITEM 2. PROPERTIES—Generation for additional information.
(c)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar and biomass generation.
(d)Electric supply procured under site specific agreements.
Generation has five reportable segments, as described in the table below , representing the different geographical areas in which
Generation’ s generating resources are located and Generation's customer-facing activities are conducted.
Segment % of Capacity  Geographical Area
Mid-Atlantic 32% Eastern half of PJM, which includes Pennsylvania, New Jersey , Maryland, V irginia,
West V irginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia and parts of North Carolina
Midwest 38% Western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO, excluding MISO’ s
Southern Region
New York 6% NYISO
ERCOT 11% Electric Reliability Council of Texas
Other Power Regions 13% New England, South, W est and Canada
9
Table of Contents
Nuclear Facilities
Generation has ownership interests in thirteen  nuclear generating stations currently in service, consisting of 23 units with an
aggregate of 18,872  MW of capacity . Generation wholly owns all of its nuclear generating stations, except for undivided ownership
interests in three jointly-owned nuclear stations: Quad Cities (75% ownership), Peach Bottom (50% ownership), and Salem (42.59%
ownership), which are consolidated in Exelon’ s and Generation's financial statements relative to its proportionate ownership interest
in each unit, and a 50.01%  membership interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF, which wholly owns the Calvert Cliffs and Ginna
nuclear stations and Nine Mile Point Unit 1, in addition to an 82% undivided ownership interest  in Nine Mile Point Unit 2. CENG is
100% consolidated in Exelon's and Generation's financial statements.
Generation and EDF entered into a Put Option Agreement on April 1, 2014, pursuant to which EDF has an option to sell its 49.99%
equity intere st in CENG to Generation. The put option became exercisable on January 1, 2016 and may be exercised any time until
June 30, 2022. On November 20, 2019, Gene ration received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercise the put option and sell its
ownership share in CENG to Generation. Under the terms of the Put Option Agreement, the purchase price is to be determined by
agreement of the parties, or absent such agreement, by a third-party arbitration process. The transaction will require approval of the
NYPSC, the FERC and the NRC. The process and regulatory approvals could take one to two years or more to complete.
See ITEM 2. PROPER TIES  for additional information on Generation's nuclear facilities and Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities  of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the CENG consolidation.
Generation’ s nuclear generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of the two units at Salem, which are
operated by PSEG Nuclear, LLC (PSEG Nuclea r), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of PSEG. In 2019 , 2018  and 2017  electric
supply (in GWh) generat ed from the nuclear generating facilities was 64%, 68% and 69%, respectively , of Genera tion’s total electric
supply , which also includes fossil, hydroelectric and renewable generation and electric supply purchased for resale. Generation’ s
wholesale and retail power marketing activities are, in part, supplied by the output from the nucle ar generating stations. See ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  for additional
information of Generation’ s electric supply sources.
Nuclear Operations
Capacity factors, which are significantly affected by the number and duration of refueling and non-refueling outages, can have a
significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. Generation’ s operations from its nuclear plants have historically had minimal
environmental impact and the plants have a safe operating history .
During 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , the nuclea r generating  facilities operated by Generation achieved capacity factors of 95.7% , 94.6%
and 94.1% , respectivel y. The capacity factors reflect owners hip percentage of stations operated by Generation. Generation manages
its scheduled refueling outages to minimize their duration and to maintain high nuclear generating capacity factors, resulting in a
stable gene ration base for Generation’ s whole sale and retail power marketing activities. During scheduled refueling outages,
Generation performs maintenance and equipment upgrades in order to minimize the occurrence of unplanned outages and to
maintain safe, reliable operations.
In addition to the maintenance and equipment upgrades performed by Generation during scheduled refueling outages, Generation
has extensiv e operating and security procedure s in place to ensure the safe operation of the nuclear units. Generation also has
extensive safety systems in place to protect the plant, personnel and surrounding area in the unlikely event of an accident or other
incident.
Regulation of Nuclear Power Generation
Generation is subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC with respect to the operation of its nuclear generating stations, including the
licensing for operation of each unit. The NRC subjects nuclear generating stations to continuing review and regulation covering,
among other things, operations, maintenance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological aspects of those
stations. As part of its reactor oversight process, the NRC continuously assesses unit performan ce indicators and inspection results
and communicates its assessment on a semi-annual basis. All nuclear generating stations operated by Generation are categorized
by the NRC in the Licensee Response Column, which is the highest of five performance bands . The NRC may modify , suspend or
revoke operating licenses and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, the regulations
10
Table of Contents
under such Act or the terms of the operating licenses. Changes in regulations by the NRC may require a substantial increase in
capital expenditures and/or operating costs for nuclear generating facilities.
Licenses
Generation has original 40-year operating licenses from the NRC for each of its nuclear units and has received 20-year operating
license renewals from the NRC for all its nuclear units except Clinton. Additionally , PSEG has received 20-year operating license
renewals for Salem Units 1 and 2.
The following table summarizes the current license expiration dates for Generation’ s operating nuclear facilities in service:
Station Unit  In-Service
Date(a)  Current License
Expiration
Braidwood 1 1988  2046
 2 1988  2047
Byron 1 1985  2044
 2 1987  2046
Calvert Clif fs 1 1975  2034
 2 1977  2036
Clinton(b)1 1987  2027
Dresden 2 1970  2029
 3 1971  2031
FitzPatrick 1 1974  2034
LaSalle 1 1984  2042
 2 1984  2043
Limerick 1 1986  2044
 2 1990  2049
Nine Mile Point 1 1969  2029
 2 1988  2046
Peach Bottom(c)2 1974  2033
 3 1974  2034
Quad Cities 1 1973  2032
 2 1973  2032
Ginna 1 1970  2029
Salem 1 1977  2036
 2 1981  2040
__________
(a)Denotes year in which nuclear unit began commercial operations.
(b)Although timing has been delayed, Generation currently plans to seek license renewal for Clinton and has notified the NRC that any license
renewal application would not be filed until the first quarter of 2024. In 2019, the NRC approved a change of the operating license expiration for
Clinton from 2026 to 2027.
(c)On July 10, 2018, Generation submitted a second 20-year license renewal application to NRC for Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. See Note 3 -
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The operating license renewal process takes approximately four to five years from the comm encement of the renewal process,
which includ es approxim ately two years for Generation to develop the application and appro ximately two years for the NRC to
review the application. To date, each granted license renewal has been for 20 years beyond the original operating license expiration.
Depreciation provisions are based on the estim ated useful lives of the stations, which reflect the first renewal of the operating
licenses for all of Generation’ s operating nuclear generating stations except for Clinton and Peach Bottom. Clinton depreciation
provisions are based on an estimated useful life of 2027 which is the last year of the Illinois ZES. Peach Bottom depreciation
provisions are based on estimated
11
Table of Contents
useful life of 2053 and 2054 for Unit 2 and Unit 3, respectively , which reflects the anticipated second renewal of its operating
licenses. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial Statements for additional information
on FEJA and Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on early retirements.
Nuclear W aste Storage and Disposal
There are no facilities for the reprocessing or permanent disposal of SNF currently in operation in the United States, nor has the
NRC licensed any such facilities. Generation currently stores all SNF generated by its nuclear generating facilities on-site in storage
pools or in dry cask storage facilities. Since Generation’ s SNF storage pools generally do not have sufficient storage capacity for the
life of the respective plant, Generation has developed dry cask storage facilities to support operations.
As of December 31, 2019 , Gene ration had approx imately 84,700  SNF assem blies (21,000  tons) stored  on site in SNF pools or dry
cask storage which includes SNF assemblies at Zion Station, for which Generation retains ownership even though the responsibility
for decommissioning Zion Station has been assumed by another party , and TMI, which is no longer operational. See the
Decommissioning section below for additional information regarding Zion Station. All currently operating Generation-owned nuclear
sites have on-site dry cask storage. TMI's on-site dry cask storage is projected to be in operation in 2021. On-site dry cask storage in
concert with on-site storage pools will be capable of meeting all current and future SNF storage  requirements at Generation’ s sites
through the end of the license renewal periods and through decommissioning.
For a discussion of matters associated with Generation’ s contracts with the DOE for the disposal of SNF, see Note 18 —
Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a by-product of their operations, nuclear generating units produce LLRW. LLRW is accumulated at each generating station and
permanently disposed of at licensed disposal facilities. The Federal Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 provides that
states may enter into agreements to provide regional disposal facilities for LLRW and restrict use of those facilities to waste
generated within the region. Illinois and Kentucky have entered into such an agreement, although neither state currently has an
operational site and none is anticipated to be operational until after 2020.
Generation ships its Class A LLRW, which represents 93% of LLRW generated at its stations, to disposal facilities in Utah and South
Carolina, which have enough storage capacity to store all Class A LLRW for the life of all stations in Generation's nuclear fleet. The
disposal facility in South  Carolina at present is only receiving LLRW from LLRW generators in South Carolina, New Jersey (which
includes Salem) and Connecticut.
Generation utilizes on-si te storage capacity at all its stations to store and stage for shipping Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation
has a contra ct through 2032 to ship Class B and Class C LLRW to a disposal facility in Texas. The agreement provides for disposal
of all current Class B and Class C LLRW currently stored at each station as well as the Class B and Class C LLRW generated during
the term of the agreement. However , because the production of LLRW from Generation’ s nuclear  fleet will exceed the capacity at the
Texas site (3.9 million curies for 15 years beginning in 2012), Generation will still be required to utilize on-site storage at its stations
for Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation currently has enough storage capacity to store all Class B and Class C LLRW for the life
of all stations in Generation’ s nuclear fleet. Generation continues to pursue alternative disposal strategies for LLRW, including an
LLRW reduction program to minimize on-site storage and cost impacts.
Nuclear Insurance
Generation is subject to liability , property damage and other risks associated with major incidents at all of its nuclear stations.
Generation has reduced its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions. See
“Nuclear Insurance” within Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
For information regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES  — Generation. Generat ion is self-insured to the extent that
any losses may exceed the amount of insurance maintained or are within the policy deductible  for its insured losses. Such losses
could have a material adverse ef fect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements.
12
Table of Contents
Decommissioning
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in specified minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility . The ultimate decommissioning
obligation will be funded by the NDTs. At December 31, 2019  the fair value of NDTs exceeds the balance of the Nuclear AROs. See
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  —
Exelon Corp oration , Executive Overview ; ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION
AND RESU LTS OF OPERA TIONS , Critical Acco unting Policies and Estimates , Nuclear Decommissio ning, Asset Retirement
Obligations and Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund Investments; and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters , Note 2 — Mergers,
Acquisitions and Dispositions , Note 17 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  and Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding Generation’ s NDT funds and its
decommissioning obligations.
Zion Station Decommissioning . On September 1, 2010, Generation completed an Asset Sale Agreement (ASA) with
EnergySolutions, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, EnergySolutions, LLC and ZionSolutions under which ZionSolutions has
assumed responsibility for decommissioning Zion Station. See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Fossil and Renewable Facilities (including Hydroelectric)
Generation wholly owns all of its fossil and renew able generating stations, with the exception of: (1) Wyman; (2) certain wind project
entities and a biomass project entity with minorit y interest owners; and (3) EGRP  which is owned 49% by another owner . See Note
22 — Variable Interest Entities  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
EGRP  which is a VIE. Generation’ s fossil and renewable generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of
Wyman, which is opera ted by a third party . In 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , elect ric supply (in GWh) generated from owned fossil and
renewable generating facilities was 11%, 11% and 12%, respectively , of Generation’ s total electric supply . The majority of this output
was dispatched to support Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. For additional information regarding
Generation’ s electric generating facilities, see ITEM 2.  PROPER TIES .
Licenses
Fossil and renewable generation plants are generally not licensed, and, therefore, the decision on when to retire plants is,
fundamentally , a commercial one. FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on
navigable waterways or Federal lands, or connected to the interstate electric grid, which include Generation's Conowingo
Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo) and Muddy Run Pumped Storage Facility Project (Muddy Run). Muddy Run's license expires on
December 1, 2055. On August 29, 2012, Generation submitted a hydroelectric license application to the FERC for a new license for
Conowingo. Based on the FERC procedural schedule, the FERC licensing process for Conowi ngo was not completed prior to the
expiration of the plant’ s license on September 1, 2014. As a result, on September 10, 2014, FERC issued an annual license for
Conowingo, effective as of the expiration of the previous license. The annual license renews automatically absent any further FERC
action. The stations are currently being depreciated over their estimated useful lives, which include actual and anticipated license
renewal periods. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Insurance
Generation maintains business interruption insurance for its renewable projects, but not for its fossil and hydroelectric operations
unless required by contract or financing agreements. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Com bined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on financing agreements. Generation maintains both property damage
and liability insurance. For property damage and liability claims for these operations, Generati on is self-insured to the extent that
losses are within the policy deductible or excee d the amount of insurance maintained. Such losses could have a material adverse
effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial conditions and their results of operations and cash flows. For information
regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2.  PROPER TIES  — Exelon Generation Company , LLC .
13
Table of Contents
Contracted Generation
In addition to energy produced by owned generation assets, Generation sources electricity from plants it does not own under long-
term contrac ts. The following tables summarize Generation’ s long-term contracts to purchase unit-specific physical power with an
original term in excess of one year in duration, by region, in ef fect as of December 31, 2019 :
RegionNumber of
Agreements  Expiration 
Dates  Capacity (MW)
Mid-Atlantic  13 2020 - 2032  235
Midwest 3 2020 - 2031  332
ERCOT 6 2020 - 2035  1,706
Other Power Regions 16 2020 - 2030  2,492
Total 38  4,765
  2020 2021  2022 2023  2024 Thereafter Total
Capacity Expiring (MW)  1,054 814  304 168  50 2,375  4,765
Fuel
The following table shows sources of electric supply in GWh for 2019  and 2018 : 
 Source of Electric Supply
 2019 2018
Nuclear(a)181,326 185,020
Purchases — non-trading portfolio 70,939 59,154
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 21,554 21,015
Renewable(b)7,777 8,469
Total supply 281,596 273,658
 
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g., CENG).  Nuclear generation for 2019 and 2018 includes physical volumes of
35,745 GWh and 35,100 GWh, respectively, for CENG.
(b)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar and biomass generating assets.
The cycle of production and utilization of nuclear fuel includes the mining and milling of uranium ore into uranium concentrates, the
conversion of uranium concentrates to uranium hexafluoride, the enrichment of the uranium hexafluoride and the fabrication of fuel
assemblies. Generation has inventory in various forms and does not anticipate difficulty in obtaining the necessary uranium
concentrates or conversion, enrichment or fabrication services to meet the nuclear fuel requirements of its nuclear units.
Natural gas is procured  through long-term and short-term contracts, as well as spot-market purchases. Fuel oil inventories are
managed so that in the winter months sufficient volumes of fuel are available in the event of extreme weather conditions and during
the remaining months to take advantage of favorable market pricing.
Generation uses financial instruments to mitigate price risk associated with certain commodity price exposures, using both over-the-
counter and exchange-traded instruments. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERA TIONS , Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 15
— Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
derivative financial instruments.
Power Marketing
Generation’ s integrated business operations include physical delivery and marketing of power .  Generation largely obtains physical
power supply from its owned and contracted generation in multiple geographic regions. The
14
Table of Contents
commodity risks associated with the output from owned and contracted generation is managed using various commodity
transactions including sales to customers. The main objective is to obtain low-cost energy supply to meet physical delivery
obligations to both wholesale and retail custome rs. Generation sells electricity , natural gas and other energy related products and
solutions to various customers, including distribution utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, and commercial, industrial, governmental
and residential customers in competitive markets. Where necessary , Generation may also purch ase transmission service to ensure
that it has reliable transmission capacity to physically move its power supplies to meet customer delivery needs.
Price and Supply Risk Management
Generation also manages the price and supply risks for energy and fuel associated with gener ation assets and the risks of power
marketing activities. Generation implements a three-year ratable sales plan to align its hedging strategy with its financial objectives.
Generation may also enter into transactions that are outside of this ratable sales plan. Generation  is exposed to commodity price risk
in 2020  and beyond for portions  of its electricity portfolio that are unhedged. As of December 31, 2019 , the percentage of expected
generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York and ERCOT  reportable segments is 91%-94% and 61%-64% for 2020
and 2021 , respe ctively . The perce ntage of expected gene ration hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected
generation. Expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned
or contracted generation based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which
are calibrated to market quotes for power , fuel, load following products and options. Equivalent sales represent all hedging products,
which includ e economic hedges and certain non-derivative contracts, including sales to the Utility Registrants to serve their retail
load. A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be implemented through the use of fuel products based on assumed
correlations between power and fuel prices. The risk management group and Exelon’ s RMC monitor the financial risks of the
wholesale and retail power marketing activities. Generation also uses financial and commod ity contracts for proprietary trading
purposes, but this activity accounts for only a small portion of Generation’ s efforts. The proprietary trading portfolio is subject to a risk
management policy that includes stringent risk management limits. See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  for additional information.
Capital Expenditures
Generation’ s business is capital intensive and requires significant investments primarily in nuclear fuel and energy generation
assets. Generation’ s estimated capital expenditures for 2020  includes Generation's share of the investment in the co-owned Salem
plant and the total capital expenditures for CENG. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS , Liquidity and Capital Resources, for additional information regarding projected
2020 capital expenditures.
15
Table of Contents
Utility Registrants
Utility Operations
Service T erritories and Franchise Agreements
The following table presents the size of service territories, populations of each service territory and the number of customers within
each service territory for the Utility Registrants as of December 31, 2019 :
  ComEd PECO BGE  Pepco DPL  ACE
Service Territories (in square miles)
Electric  11,400 2,100 2,300  640 5,400  2,800
Natural Gas  n/a 1,960 3,050  n/a 270  n/a
Total  11,400 2,100 3,250  640 5,400  2,800
      
Service Territory Population (in millions)
Electric  9.6 4.0 3.0  2.4 1.5  1.1
Natural Gas  n/a 2.5 2.9  n/a 0.6  n/a
Total  9.6 4.0 3.1  2.4 1.5  1.1
Main City  Chicago Philadelphia Baltimore  District of
Columbia Wilmington  Atlantic City
Main City Population  2.7 1.6 0.6  0.7 0.1  0.1
      
Number of Customers (in millions)
Electric  4.1 1.7 1.3  0.9 0.5  0.6
Natural Gas  n/a 0.5 0.7  n/a 0.1  n/a
Total  4.1 1.7 1.3  0.9 0.5  0.6
The Utility Registrants have the necessary autho rizations to perform their current business of providing regulated electric and natural
gas distribution services in the various municipa lities and territories in which they now supply such services. These authorizations
include charters, franchises, permits, and certificates of public convenience issued by local and state governments and state utility
commissions. ComEd's,  BGE's (gas), Pepco DC's and ACE's rights are generally non-exclusi ve while PECO's, BGE's (electric),
Pepco MD's and DPL's rights are generally exclusive. Certain authorizations are perpetual while others have varying expiration
dates. The Utility Registrants anticipate working with the appropriate governmental bodies to extend or replace the authorizations
prior to their expirations.
Utility Regulations
State utility commissions regulate the Utility Registrants' electric and gas distribution rates and service, issuances of certain
securities, and certain other aspects of the business. The following table outlines the state commissions responsible for utility
oversight.
Registrant Commission
ComEd ICC
PECO PAPUC
BGE MDPSC
Pepco DCPSC/MDPSC
DPL DPSC/MDPSC
ACE NJBPU
16
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants are public utilities under the Federal Power Act subject to regulation by FERC related to transmission rates
and certain other aspec ts of the utilities' business. The U.S. Department of Transportation also regulates pipeline safety and other
areas of gas operations for PECO, BGE and DPL. Additionally , the Utility Registrants are subject to NERC mandatory reliability
standards, which protect the nation's bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches.
Seasonality Impacts on Delivery V olumes
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution volumes are generally higher during the summer and winter months when temperature
extremes create demand for either summer cooling or winter heating. For PECO, BGE and DPL, natural gas distribution volumes are
generally higher during the winter months when cold temperatures create demand for winter heating.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL Maryland have electric distribution decoupling mechanisms and BGE has a natural gas decoupling
mechanism that eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on electric distribution and
natural gas delivery volumes. As a result, ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco’ s and DPL’s Maryland electric distribution revenues and BGE's
natural gas distribution revenues are not materially impacted by delivery volumes. PECO’ s electric distribution revenues and natural
gas distribution revenues, ACE’ s electric distribution revenues and DPL’s Delaware electric distribution and natural gas revenues are
impacted by delivery volumes.
Electric and Natural Gas Distribution Services
The Utility Registrants are allowed to recover reasonable costs and fair and prudent capital expenditures associated with electric and
natural gas distribution services and earn a return on those capital expenditures, subject to commission approval. ComEd recovers
costs throug h a performance-based rate formula. ComEd is required to file an update to the performance-based rate formula on an
annual basis . PECO's, BGE’ s and DPL's electric and gas distribution costs and Pepco's and ACE's electric distribution costs are
recovered through tradit ional rate case proceed ings. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants use specific recovery mechanisms
as approved by their respective regulatory agencies.
ComEd, Pepco and ACE customers have the choice to purchase electricity , and PECO, BGE and DPL customers have the choice to
purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. The Utility Registrants remain the
distribution service providers for all customers and are obligated to deliver electricity and natural gas to customers in their respective
service territories while charging a regulated rate for distribution service. In addition, the Utility Registrants also retain significant
default servi ce obligations to provide electricity to certain groups of customers in their respective  service areas who do not choose a
competitive electric generation supplier . PECO and BGE also retain significant default service obligations to provide natural gas to
certain group s of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose a competitive natural gas supplier . For natural gas,
DPL does not retain default service obligations for its residential customers.
For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, the Utility Registrants act as
the billing agent and therefore do not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity
and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from a Utility Registrant, the Utility
Registrants are permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs without mark-up and therefore record equal
and offsettin g amounts of Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas.
As a result, fluctuations in electricity or natural gas sales and procurement costs have no impact on the Utility Registrants’  Revenues
net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-GAAP  measure used to evaluate operational performance, or Net Income.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS ,
Results of Operations  and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding electric and natural gas distribution services.
Procurement-Related Proceedings
The Utility Registrants' electric supply for its customers is primarily procured through contracts as required by their respective state
commissions. The Utility Registrants procure electricity supply from various approved bidders, including Generation. RTO spot
market purchases and sales are utilized to balance the utility electric load and
17
Table of Contents
supply as required. Charges incurred for electric supply procured through contracts with Generation are included in Purchased
power from af filiates on the Utility Registrants' Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
PECO's, BGE’s and DPL's natural gas supplies  are purchased from a number of suppliers for terms of up to three years. PECO,
BGE and DPL have annual firm supply and transportation contracts of 132,000  mmcf, 129,000  mmcf and 58,000  mmcf, respectively .
In addition, to suppleme nt gas supply at times of heavy winter demands and in the event of temporary emergencies, PECO, BGE
and DPL  have available storage capacity from the following sources:
 Peak Natural Gas Sources (in mmcf)
 Liquefied Natural
Gas FacilityPropane-Air PlantUnderground Storage Service
Agreements (a)
PECO 1,200 150 18,000
BGE 1,056 550 22,000
DPL 250 n/a 3,900
___________
(a)Natural gas from underground storage represents approximately 28%, 42% and 30% of PECO's, BGE’s and DPL's 2019-2020 heating season
planned supplies, respectively.
PECO, BGE and DPL have long-term interstate pipeline contracts and also participate in the interstate markets by releasing pipeline
capacity or bundling pipeline capacity with gas for off-system sales. Off-system gas sales are low-margin direct sales of gas to
wholesale suppliers of natural gas. Earnings from these activities are shared between the utilitie s and customers. PECO, BGE and
DPL make these sales as part of a program to balance its supply and cost of natural gas. The off-system gas sales are not material
to PECO, BGE and DPL.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK , Commodity Price Risk (All
Registrants), for additional information regarding Utility Registrants' contracts to procure electric supply and natural gas.
Energy Ef ficiency Programs
The Utility Registrants are generally allowed to recover costs associated with the energy efficiency and demand response programs
they offer. Each commission approved program  seeks to meet mandated electric consumption reduction targets and implement
demand response meas ures to reduce peak demand. The programs are designed to meet standards required by each respective
regulatory agency .
ComEd is allowed to earn a return on its energy efficiency costs. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Capital Investment
The Utility Registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments, primarily in electric transmission and
distribution and natural gas transportation and distribution facilities, to ensure the adequate capa city, reliability and efficiency of their
systems. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS , Liquidity and Capital Resources,  for additional information regarding projected 2020 capital expenditures.
Transmission Services
Under FERC’ s open access transmission policy , the Utility Registrants, as owners of transmission facilities, are required to provide
open access  to their transmission facilities under filed tariffs at cost-based rates approved by FERC. The Utility Registrants and their
affiliates are required to comply with FERC’ s Standards of Conduct regulation governing the communication of non-public
transmission information between the transmission owner ’s employees and wholesale merchant employees.
PJM is the regional grid operator and operates pursuant to FERC-approved tariffs. PJM is the transmission provider under , and the
administrator of, the PJM Open Access Transmission Tariff (PJM Tariff). PJM operates the PJM energy , capacity and other markets,
and, through central dispatch, controls the day-to-day operations of the bulk power system for the region. The Utility Registrants are
members of PJM and provide regional transmission service pursuant to the PJM Tariff. The Utility Registrants and the other
transmission owners in PJM have turned over control
18
Table of Contents
of their transmission facilities to PJM, and their transmission systems are under the dispatch control of PJM. Under the PJM Tariff,
transmission service is provided on a region-wide, open-access basis using the transmission facilities of the PJM transmission
owners at rates based on the costs of transmission service.
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are established based on a formula that was approved by FERC as shown below:
 Approval Date
ComEd January 2008
PECO December 2019
BGE April 2006
Pepco April 2006
DPL April 2006
ACE April 2006
Employees
The following table presents employee information, including information about collective bargaining agreements (CBAs), as of
December 31, 2019 :
 Total EmployeesTotal Employees
Covered by CBAs Number of CBAs CBAs New and
Renewed in 2019(a) Total Employees
Under CBAs
New and Renewed
in 2019
Exelon 32,713 12,310 32 6 2,593
Generation 13,082 3,648 20 2 189
ComEd 6,182 3,462 2 — —
PECO 2,752 1,398 2 — —
BGE 3,151 1,436 1 1 1,436
PHI 4,188 2,268 7 3 968
Pepco 1,389 953 1 1 953
DPL 936 652 2 — —
ACE 639 398 2 — —
 __________
(a)Does not include CBAs that were extended in 2019 while negotiations are ongoing for renewal.
Environmental Regulation
General
The Registrants are subject to comprehensive and complex legislation regarding environmental matters by the federal government
and various state and local jurisdictions in which they operate their facilities. The Registrants are also subject to environmental
regulations administered by the EPA and various state and local environmental protection agencies. Federal, state and local
regulation includes the authority to regulate air , water , and solid and hazardous waste disposal.
The Exelon Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the management of environmental matters. Exelon has a management
team to address environ mental compliance and strategy , including the CEO; the Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Chief
Innovation and Sustainability Officer; the Senior Vice President, Competitive Market Policy; and the Director , Safety & Sustainability ,
as well as senior management of the Registrants. Performance of those individuals directly involved in environmental compliance
and strategy is reviewed  and affects compensat ion as part of the annual individual performance  review process. The Exelon Board
of Directors has delegated to its Generation Oversight Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee the authority to
oversee
19
Table of Contents
Exelon’ s compliance with health, environmental and safety laws and regulations and its strategies and efforts to protect and improve
the quality of the environment, including Exelon’ s internal climate change and sustainability policies and programs, as discussed in
further detail below . The respective Boards of the Utility Registrants oversee environmental, healt h and safety issues related to these
companies.
Air Quality
Air quality regulations promulgated by the EPA and the various state and local environmental agencies impose restrictions on
emission of particulates, sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), mercury and other air pollutants and require permits for
operation of emitting sources. Such permits have been obtained as needed by Exelon’ s subsidiaries. However , due to its low
emitting generation fleet comprised of nuclear , natural gas, hydroelectric, wind and solar , compliance with the Federal Clean Air Act
does not have a material impact on Generation’ s operations.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  for
additional information regarding clean air regulation in the forms of the CSAPR, regulation of hazardous air pollutants from coal- and
oil-fired electric generating facilities under MA TS, and regulation of GHG emissions.
Water Quality
Under the federal Clean Water Act, NPDES permits for discharges into waterways are required to be obtained from the EPA or from
the state environmental agency to which the permit program has been delegated and must be renewed periodically . Certain of
Exelon's facilities discharge stormwater and industrial wastewater into waterways and are therefore subject to these regulations and
operate under NPDES permits or pending applications for renewals of such permits after being granted an administrative extension.
Generation is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware River Basin Commission and the Susquehanna River Basin
Commission, regional agencies that primarily regulate water usage.
Section 316(b) of the Clean W ater Act
Section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to
minimize adverse enviro nmental impacts and is implemented through state-level NPDES permit programs. All of Generation’ s power
generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. Facilities withou t closed-cycle recirculating systems
(e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. For Generation, those facilities are Calvert
Cliffs, Clinto n, Dresden, Eddystone, Fairless Hills, FitzPatrick, Ginna, Gould Street, Handley , Mystic 7, Nine Mile Point Unit 1, Peach
Bottom, Quad Cities and Salem.
On October 14, 2014, the EPA's Section 316(b) rule became effective. The rule requires that a series of studies and analyses be
performed to determine the best technology available to minimize adverse impacts on aquatic life, followed by an implementation
period for the selected technology . The timing of the various requirements for each facility is related to the status of its current
NPDES perm it and the subsequent renewal period. There is no fixed compliance schedule, as this is left to the discretion of the state
permitting director .
Until the compliance requirements are determined by the applicable state permitting director on a site-specific basis for each plant,
Generation cannot estimate the effect that comp liance with the rule will have on the operation of its generating facilities and its future
results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Should a state permitting director determine that a facility must install cooling
towers to comply with the rule, that facility’ s economic viability could be called into question. However, the potential impact of the rule
has been significantly reduced since the final rule does not mandate cooling towers as a national standard and sets forth
technologies that are presumptively compliant, and the state permitting director is required to apply a cost-benefit test and can take
into consideration site-specific factors, such as those that would make cooling towers infeasible.
New York Facilities
In July 2011, the New York Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) issued a policy regarding the best available
technology for cooling water intake structures. Through its policy , the DEC established closed-cycle cooling or its equivalent as the
performance goal for all existing facilities, but also provided that the DEC will select a feasible technology whose costs are not wholly
disproportionate to the environmental benefits to be gained and allows for a site-specific determination where the entrainment
performance goal cannot be achieved (i.e., the requirement
20
Table of Contents
most likely to support cooling towers). The Ginn a, Nine Mile Point Unit 1, and Fitzpatrick power generation facilities have received
renewals of their state water discharge permits and cooling towers were not required. These  facilities are now engaged in the
required analyses to enable the environmental agency to determine the best technology available in the next permit renewal cycles.
Salem
On July 28, 2016, the NJDEP  issued a final permit for Salem that did not require the installation of cooling towers and allows Salem
to continue to operate utilizing the existing cooling water system with certain required system modifications. However , the permit is
being challenged by an environmental organi zation, and if successful, could result in additional costs for Clean Water Act
compliance. Potential cooling water system modification costs could be material and could adversely impact the economic
competitiveness of this facility .
Solid and Hazardous Waste
CERCLA  provides for immediate response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of
hazardous substances and authorizes the EPA either to clean up sites at which hazardous substances have created actual or
potential environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under CERCLA, generators and
transporters of hazardous substances, as well as past and present owners and operators of hazardous waste sites, are strictly ,
jointly and severally liable for the cleanup costs of waste at sites, most of which are listed by the EPA on the National Priorities List
(NPL). These PRPs can be ordered to perform a cleanup, can be sued for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup, may
voluntarily settle with the EPA concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or may voluntarily begin a site investigation and site
remediation under state oversight prior to listing on the NPL. Various states, including Delaware , Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia have also enacted statutes that contain provisions substantially similar to CERCLA. In
addition, RCRA  governs treatment, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and cleanup of sites where such activities
were conducted.
Generation, the Utility Registrants and their subsidiaries are, or could become in the future, parties to proceedings initiated by the
EPA, state agencies and/or other responsible parties under CERCLA  and RCRA  with respect to a number of sites, including MGP
sites, or may undertake to investigate and remediate sites for which they may be subject to enforcement actions by an agency or
third-party .
See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information related to environmental matters.
Environmental Remediation
ComEd’ s and PECO’ s environmental liabilities primarily arise from contamination at former MGP  sites. ComEd, pursuant to an ICC
order , and PECO, pursu ant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, have an on-going process to
recover environmental remediation costs of the MGP  sites through a provision within customer rates. BGE, ACE, Pepco and DPL do
not have material contin gent liabilities relating to MGP  sites. The amount to be expended in 2020  for compliance with environmental
remediation related to contamination at former MGP  sites and other gas purification sites is expected to total $49 million  which
consists primarily of $45 million  at ComEd. The Utility Registrants also have contingent liabilities for environmental remediatio n of
non-MGP  contaminants (e.g., PCBs). As of December 31, 2019 , the Utility Registrants have established appropriate contingent
liabilities for environmental remediation requirements.
The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures in order to comply with
environmental laws. Additionally , under Federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for the costs of
remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by hazardous
substances generated by them. The Registrant s own or lease a number of real estate parce ls, including parcels on which their
operations or the operations of others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under
environmental laws.
In addition, Generation and the Utility Registrants may be required to make significant additional expenditures not presently
determinable for other environmental remediation costs.
21
Table of Contents
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Registrants’  environmental remed iation efforts and related impacts to
the Registrants’  Consolidated Financial Statements.
Global Climate Change
Exelon has utility and generation assets, and customers, that are and will be further subject  to the impacts of climate change.
Accordingly , Exelon is engaged in a variety of initiatives to understand and mitigate these impacts, including investments in
resiliency , partnering with federal, state and local governments to minimize impacts, and, importantly , advocating for public policy
that reduces emissions that cause climate chan ge. Exelon, as a producer of electricity from predominantly low- and zero-carbon
generating facilities (such as nuclear , hydroelectric, natural gas, wind and solar photovoltaic), has a relatively small GHG emission
profile, or carbon footpri nt, compared to other domestic generators of electricity (Exelon neither  owns nor operates any coal-fueled
generating assets). Exelon's natural gas and biomass fired generating plants produce GHG emissions, most notably , CO2. However ,
Generation’ s owned-asset emission intensity , or rate of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO 2e) emitted per unit of electricity generated, is
among the lowest in the industry . Other GHG emission sources at Exelon include natural gas (methane) leakage on the natural gas
systems, sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage from electric transmission and distribution operation s, refrigerant leakage from chilling
and cooling equipment, and fossil fuel combus tion in motor vehicles. Exelon facilities and operations are subject to the global
impacts of climate change and Exelon believes its operations could be significantly affected by the physical risks of climate change.
See ITEM 1A.  RISK F ACTORS  for additional information.
Climate Change Regulation
Exelon is or may become subject to additional climate change regulation or legislation at the federal, regional and state levels.
International Climate Change Agreements.  At the intern ational level, the United States is a Party to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The Parties to the UNFCCC adopted the Paris Agreement at the 21st session of the
UNFCCC Conference of the Parties (COP  21) on December 12, 2015, and it became effective  on November 4, 2016. Under the
Paris Agreement, the Parties agreed to try to limit the global average temperature increase to 2°C (3.6°F) above pre-industrial levels.
In doing so, Parties developed their own national reduction commitments. The United States submitted a non-binding target of 17%
below 2005 emission levels by 2020 and 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025. Presiden t Trump has stated his intention to
withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement, but no formal action has been initiated. A withdrawal would not be effective until
November 2020 at the earliest.
Federal Climate Change Legislation and Regul ation.  It is highly unlikely that federal legislation to reduce GHG emissions will be
enacted in the near-term . If such legislation is adopted, it would likely increase the value of Exelon's low-carbon fleet even though
Exelon may incur costs either to further limit or offset the GHG emissions from its operations or to procure emission allowances or
credits. Continued inaction could negatively impact the value of Exelon’ s low-carbon fleet.
Under the Obama Administration, the EPA finalized its Clean Power Plan regulations to reduce GHG emissions from fossil fuel-fired
power plants . Subseque ntly, the Trump Adminis tration EPA proposed regulations on October 16, 2017 to repeal the CPP on the
basis that the new Administration believed that the CPP rule went beyond the EPA's authority to establish a best system of
emissions reduction (BSER) for existing power  plants. On August 31, 2018, EPA proposed its Affordable Clean Energy rule to
replace the CPP with revised emission guidelines based on heat rate improvement measures  that could be achieved within the
fence line of existing power plants. In June 2019, EPA issued a final rule that repealed the CPP, and finalized the Affordable Clean
Energy rule. The Affordable Clean Energy rule is currently being litigated.
Given litigation uncertainty around the final Affordable Clean Energy rule, Exelon and Genera tion cannot predict the impacts of
regulation of existing power plants, or individual  state responses to developments related to final resolution of the Affordable Clean
Energy rule, or how developments will impact their future financial statements.
Regional and State Climate Change Legislation and Regulation.  A number of states in which Exelon operates have state and
regional programs to reduce GHG emissions, including from the power sector . As the nation’ s largest generator of carbon-free
electricity , our fleet supports these efforts to produce safe, reliable electricity with minimal GHGs. Notably , nine northeast and mid-
Atlantic states (Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island and Vermont)
currently participate in the Regional Greenhouse Gas
22
Table of Contents
Initiative (RGGI), which is in the process of strengthening its requirements. The program require s most fossil fuel-fired power plants
in the region  to hold allowances, purchased at auction, for each ton of CO 2 emissions. Non-emitting resources do not have to
purchase or hold these allowances.
In June 2019, New Jersey was accepted as a RGGI member effective January 2020. In October 2019, Governor Wolf of
Pennsylvania issued an Executive Order that directed the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection  to begin a
rulemaking process that will allow Pennsylvania to join the RGGI, with the goal of reducing carbon emissions from the electricity
sector .
Many states in which Exelon subsidiaries operate also have state-specific programs to address GHGs, including from power plants.
Most notable of these, besides RGGI, are through renewable and other portfolio standards. Additionally , in response to a court
decision clarifying the obligations under the Global Warming Solutions Act, the Massachusetts Department of Environmental
Protection in 2017 finalized regulations establishing a statewide cap on CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel power plants (Massachusetts
remains in RGGI as well). The effect of this new obligation and potential for market illiquidity in the early years represent a risk to
Generation’ s Massachus etts fossil facilities, including Medway and Mystic. At the same time, the District of Columbia is considering
a plan to incorporate the cost of carbon into electricity , via consumption, as well as directly into the cost of transportation and home
heating fuels. Details remain to be developed, but the specifics could have implications for Pepco’ s operations.
Regardless of whether GHG regulation occurs at the local, state, or federal level, Exelon remain s one of the largest, lowest-carbon
electric generators in the United States, relying mainly on nuclear , natural gas, hydropower , wind, and solar . The extent that the low-
carbon generating fleet will continue to be a competitive advantage for Exelon depends on resolution of the CPP and Affordable
Clean Energy regulations and associated current or future litigation at the federal level, new or expanded state action on greenhouse
gas emissio ns or direct support of clean energy  technologies, including nuclear , as well as potential market reforms that value our
fleet’ s emission-free attributes.
Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards
Thirty-nine states and the District of Columbia, incorporating the vast majority of Exelon operations as well as all utility operations,
have adopted some form of RPS requirement. These standards impose varying levels of mandates for procurement of renewable or
clean electri city (the definition of which varies by state) and/or energy efficiency . These are generally expressed as a percentage of
annual electric load, often increasing by year. Exelon's utilities comply with these various requirements through purchasing qualifying
renewables, implementin g efficiency programs, acquiring sufficient credits (e.g., RECs), paying an alternative compliance payment,
and/or a combination of these compliance alternatives. The Utility Registrants are permitted to recover from retail customers the
costs of complying with their state RPS requirements, including the procurement of RECs or other alternative energy resources. New
York, Illinois  and New Jersey adopted standa rds targeted at preserving the zero-carbon attributes of certain nuclear-powered
generating facilities. Generation owns multiple facilities participating in these programs within these states. Other states in which
Generation and our utilities operate are considering similar programs.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
renewable portfolio standards.
23
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers as of February 11, 2020
Exelon
Name Age Position  Period
Crane, Christopher M. 61 Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon;  2012 - Present
   President, Exelon  2008 - Present
Cornew , Kenneth W . 54
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer,
Exelon;  2013 - Present
   President and CEO, Generation  2013 - Present
Butler , Calvin G. 50
 Senior Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Exelon Utilities  2019 - Present
   Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE  2014 - 2019
Dominguez, Joseph 57 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2015 - 2018
   Senior V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2012 - 2015
Innocenzo, Michael A. 54 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO  2012 - 2018
Khouzami, Carim V . 44 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE  2019 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Utilities  2018 - 2019
   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities  2016 - 2018
   Senior V ice President, Chief Integration Of ficer, Exelon  2014 - 2016
Velazquez, David M. 60 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI  2016 - Present
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Pepco, DPL  and ACE  2009 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Pepco Holdings, Inc.  2009 - 2016
Von Hoene Jr ., William A. 66
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Strategy Of ficer,
Exelon  2012 - Present
Nigro, Joseph 55
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer,
Exelon  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation  2013 - 2018
Aliabadi, Paymon 57 Executive V ice President and Chief Risk Of ficer, Exelon  2013 - Present
Souza, Fabian E. 49 Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller , Exelon  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Deputy Controller , Exelon  2017 - 2018
   Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Of ficer, The AES
Corporation  2015 - 2017
   Vice President, Internal Audit and Advisory Services, The AES
Corporation  2014 - 2015
24
Table of Contents
Generation
Name Age Position  Period
Cornew , Kenneth W . 54
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer,
Exelon;  2013 - Present
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Generation  2013 - Present
Pacilio, Michael J. 59 Executive V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, Generation  2015 - Present
   President, Exelon Nuclear; Senior V ice President and Chief
Nuclear Of ficer, Generation  2010 - 2015
Hanson, Bryan C 54
 President and Chief Nuclear Of ficer, Exelon Nuclear; Senior V ice
President, Generation  2015 - Present
McHugh, James 48
 Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Portfolio Management & Strategy ,
Constellation  2016 - 2018
   Vice President, Portfolio Management, Constellation  2012 - 2016
Barnes, John 56 Senior V ice President, Generation; President, Exelon Power  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Generation, Senior V ice President and
Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Power  2012 - 2018
Wright, Bryan P . 53 Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, Generation  2013 - Present
Bauer , Matthew N. 43 Vice President and Controller , Generation  2016 - Present
   Vice President and Controller , BGE  2014 - 2016
25
Table of Contents
ComEd
Name Age Position  Period
Dominguez, Joseph 57 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2015 - 2018
   Senior V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2012 - 2015
Donnelly , Terence R. 59 President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd  2012 - 2018
Jones, Jeanne M. 40
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
ComEd  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Finance, Exelon Nuclear  2014 - 2018
Park, Jane 47 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Regulatory Policy & Strategy , ComEd  2016 - 2018
   Director , Business Strategy & Technology , ComEd  2014 - 2016
Gomez, V eronica 50
 Senior V ice President, Regulatory and Energy Policy and
General Counsel, ComEd  2017 - Present
   Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Litigation, Exelon  2012 - 2017
Washington, Melissa 50
 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
ComEd  2019 - Present
   Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, ComEd  2019 -2019
   Vice President, External Affairs and Large Customer Services,
ComEd  2016 - 2019
   Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Exelon Business Services
Company  2014 - 2016
Perez, David 50 Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd  2019 - Present
   Vice President, Transmission and Substation, ComEd  2016 - 2019
   Vice President, Regional Operations, ComEd  2010 - 2016
Kozel, Gerald J. 47 Vice President, Controller , ComEd  2013 - Present
26
Table of Contents
PECO
Name Age Position  Period
Innocenzo, Michael A. 54 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO  2012 - 2018
McDonald, John 62 Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Integration, PHI  2016 - 2018
   Vice President, Technical Services  2006 - 2016
Stefani, Robert J. 45
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PECO  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Corporate Development, Exelon  2015 - 2018
   Director , Corporate Development, Exelon  2012 - 2015
Murphy , Elizabeth A. 60 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO  2016 - Present
   Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO  2012 - 2016
Webster Jr ., Richard G. 58 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PECO  2012 - Present
Williamson, Olufunmilayo 41 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PECO  2020 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Chief Commercial Risk Of ficer, Exelon  2017 - 2020
   Vice President, Commercial Risk Management, Exelon  2015 - 2017
Gay, Anthony 54 Vice President and General Counsel, PECO  2019 - Present
   Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO  2016 - 2019
   Associate General Counsel, Exelon  2010 - 2016
Bailey , Scott A. 43 Vice President and Controller , PECO  2012 - Present
27
Table of Contents
BGE
Name Age Position  Period
Khouzami, Carim V . 44 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE  2019 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Utilities  2018 - 2019
   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities  2016 - 2018
   Senior V ice President, Chief Integration Of ficer, Exelon  2014 - 2016
Woerner , Stephen J. 52 President, BGE  2014 - Present
   Chief Operating Of ficer, BGE  2012 - Present
Vahos, David M. 47
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
BGE  2016 - Present
   Vice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer , BGE  2014 - 2016
Núñez, Alexander G. 48 Senior V ice President, Regulatory Affairs and Strategy , BGE  2020 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE  2016 - 2020
   Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE  2013 - 2016
Case, Mark D. 58 Vice President, Strategy and Regulatory Affairs, BGE  2012 - Present
Oddoye, Rodney 43 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE  2020 - Present
   Vice President, Customer Operations, BGE  2018 - 2020
   Director , Northeast Regional Electric Operations, BGE  2016 - 2018
   Director , Financial Operations, BGE  2015 - 2016
   Manager , Distribution Operations, BGE  2013 - 2015
Olivier , Tamla 47 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, BGE  2020 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Constellation NewEnergy , Inc.  2016 - 2020
   VP, Human Resources, Exelon Business Services Company  2012 - 2016
Corse, John 59 Vice President and General Counsel, BGE  2018 - Present
   Associate General Counsel, Exelon  2012 - 2018
Holmes, Andrew W . 51 Vice President and Controller , BGE  2016 - Present
   Director , Generation Accounting, Exelon  2013 - 2016
28
Table of Contents
PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE
Name Age Position Period
Velazquez, David M. 60 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI 2016 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2009 - 2016
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Pepco, DPL  and ACE 2009 - Present
Anthony , J. Tyler 55
 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL and ACE2016 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd 2010 - 2016
Barnett, Phillip S. 56
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, PECO 2007 - 2018
   Treasurer , PECO 2012 - 2018
Lavinson, Melissa 50
 Senior V ice President, Governmental & External Affairs, PHI,
Pepco, DPL  and ACE2018 - Present
   Vice President, Federal Affairs and Policy and Chief
Sustainability Of ficer, PG&E Corporation2015 - 2018
   Vice President, Federal Affairs, PG&E Corporation 2012 - 2015
Stark, W endy E. 47
 Senior V ice President, Legal and Regulatory Strategy and
General Counsel, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE2019 - Present
   Vice President and General Counsel, PHI, Pepco DPL  and ACE 2016 - 2018
   Deputy General Counsel, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2012 - 2016
McGowan, Kevin M. 58
 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PHI, Pepco, DPL
and ACE2016 - Present
   Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2012 - 2016
Dickens, Derrick 55 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PHI 2020 - Present
   Vice President, Technical Services, BGE 2016 - 2020
   Director , Advanced Meter Infrastructure, PECO 2012 - 2016
Aiken, Robert 53 Vice President and Controller , PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE 2016 - Present
   Vice President and Controller , Generation 2012 - 2016
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS
Each of the Registrants operates in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are
beyond that Registrant’ s direct control. Such risks, which could negatively affect one or more of the Registrants’  consolidated
financial statements, fall primarily under the categories below:
Market and Financial Factors  primarily include:
•the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which af fects power prices,
•the generation resources in the markets in which the Registrants operate,
29
Table of Contents
•the demand for electricity , reliability of service and af fordability in the markets where the Registrants conduct their business,
•the impacts of on-going competition, and
•emerging technologies and business models.
Regulatory and Legislative Factors  primarily include changes to the laws and regulations that govern:
•the design of power markets,
•zero emission credit programs,
•utility regulatory business model,
•regulations and other standards,
•environmental policy , and
•tax policy .
Operational Factors  primarily include:
•changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put the Registrant’ s facilities at risk, and
the ef fects of climate change regulation could impact the GHG emissions from the Registrant’ s operations,
•the safe, secure and effective operation of Generation’ s nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the
associated decommissioning obligations,
•the ability of the Registrants to maintain the reliability , resiliency and safety of their energy delivery systems, which could
affect the operating costs of the Registrants and the opinions of their customers and regulators, and
•the Registra nts face physical and cyber security risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution
facilities and as participants in commodities trading.
There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by the Registrants to be
material that could negatively af fect its consolidated financial statements in the future.
Market and Financial Factors
Generation is exposed to price volatility associated with both the wholesale and retail power markets and the
procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel (Exelon and Generation).
Generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity gener ation supply portfolio. Generation’ s
earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates.
Price of Fuels.  The spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next
unit of electr icity to the market during that hour. Thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel
used to generate the electricity unit.
Demand and Supply . The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available
supply of electricity . Unfavorable economic cond itions, milder than normal weather , and the growth of energy efficiency and demand
response programs could each depress demand. In addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity could often exceed demand
during some hours of the day , resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as Generation's nuclear plants.
Retail Comp etition.  Generation’ s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins
that Generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. In periods of sustained low
30
Table of Contents
natural gas and power prices and low market volatility , retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers
to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including Generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
The impact of sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could be emphasized given Generation’ s
concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the Midwest and the
Mid-Atlantic. These impacts could adversely affect Generation’ s ability to fund regulated utility growth for the benefit of customers,
reduce debt and provide attractive shareholder returns. In addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation
of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect Generation's financial statements primarily through accelerated
depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges. See Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Notes  to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Cost of Fuel.  Generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. The supply markets for
nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default.
Market Designs. The wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. Changes in these
market rules, problems with rule implementation , or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect Generation’ s business. In
addition, a significant decrease in market participation could af fect market liquidity and have a detrimental ef fect on market stability .
The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the
energy industry (All Registrants).
Some of these technologies include, but are not limited to, further development or applications of technologies related to shale gas
production, renewable energy technologies, energy efficiency , distributed generation and energy storage devices. Such
developments could affect the price of energy , levels of customer-owned generation, customer  expectations and current business
models and make portio ns of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end
of their useful lives. Such technologies could also result in further declines in commodit y prices or demand for delivered
energy . Each of these factors could affect the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements through, among other things, reduced
operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment
charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of NDT funds and employee benefit plan
assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant
additional funding (All Registrants).
Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular business es and the greater economy could
adversely affect the value of the investments held within Generation’ s NDTs and Exelon’ s employee benefit plan trusts. The
Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and Exelon and Generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet
those obligations. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the
Registrants’  projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments could increase Generation’ s funding
requirements to decommission its nuclear plants . A decline in the market value of the pension and OPEB plan assets will increase
the funding requirements associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan obligations. Additionally , Exelon’ s pension and OPEB
plan liabilities are sensi tive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabili ties increase, potentially increasing
benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life
expectancy assumptions  or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding
requirements of the oblig ations related to the pension and OPEB plans. See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations  and Note 14 —
Retirement Benefits  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in
commodity markets (All Registrants).
The Registra nts rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper
markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Disruptions in the
31
Table of Contents
capital and credit markets in the United States or abroad could negatively affect the Registrants’  ability to access the capital markets
or draw on their respec tive bank revolving credit facilities. The banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the
Registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within
a short period of time. The inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit
markets as a result of uncertainty , changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial
institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, Generation’ s ability to hedge effectively its generation
portfolio, changes to Generation’ s hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requir ements, or a reduction in dividend
payments or other discr etionary uses of cash. In addition, the Registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including
Europe, Canada and Asia. Disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict the Registrants’  ability to secure sufficient liquidity or
secure liquidity at reaso nable terms. As of December 31, 2019 , approximately 23%, 19%, and 18% of the Registrants’  available
credit facilities were with European, Canadian and Asian banks, respectively . See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
The strength and depth of competition in energ y markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which
could be negatively affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect
participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the
energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of
the Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater
regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power , including the
requirement of long-term contracts.
If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or
otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to
provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience
higher borrowing costs (All Registrants).
Generation’ s business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their
obligations. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt
rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements
to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity . The amount
of collateral required to be provided by Genera tion at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional
amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other
commodity prices. In addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the
downgrade.  Changes in ratings methodologies  by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of
Generation.
Generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those
financings.  Failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived,
could result in the specif ic project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated,
and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have broad remedies, including rights to
foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force the Exelon subsidiaries in the project-specific financings to
enter into bankruptcy proceedings. The impact of bankruptcy could result in the impairment of certain project assets.
The Utility Registrants' operating agreements with PJM and PECO's, BGE's and DPL's natural gas procurement contracts contain
collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and
the Utility Registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would
be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their
remaining sources of liquidity . PJM collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as
market price s fall. Collateral posting requiremen ts for PECO, BGE and DPL, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will
generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. If the Utility Registrants were
downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. In addition, changes in ratings
methodologies by the agencies could also have an adverse negative impact on the ratings of the Utility Registrants.
32
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and
procedures intended to assure that the Utility Registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and
other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the Utility Registrants from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial
difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary . These measures (commonly referred to as “ring-fencing”) could help avoid or limit a
downgrade in the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ring-
fencing measures, the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon.
Consequently , a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the Utility
Registrants. A reduction in the credit rating of a Utility Registrant could have a material adverse ef fect on the Utility Registrant.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  —
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Matters — Market Conditions and Security Ratings for additional information regarding the
potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’  cash flows.
Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading
activities (Exelon and Generation).
Generation’ s asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities
expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into
financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’ s power generation  portfolio. Generation is exposed to
volatility in financial results for unhedged positi ons as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. Generation attempts to manage this
exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management
procedures may not work as planned and cann ot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and
procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future  performance, results of operations
could be diminished if the judgments and assu mptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future
prices and demand for power and other energy- related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become
less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity
trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its consolidated financial statements.
Financial performance and load requirements could be negatively affected if Generation is unable to effectively
manage its power portfolio (Exelon and Generation).
A significant  portion of Generation’ s power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the Utility Registrants
and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’ s output is sold in the
wholesale power markets. To the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the
related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’ s financial results could be
negatively affected if it is unable to cost-ef fectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio or
effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
The impacts of significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates, could lead to decreased
volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances (All Registrants).
The impacts of significant economic downturns on the Utility Registrants' customers, such as less demand for products and services
provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, could
result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances. Further , increases in customer rates, including those related
to increases  in purchased power and natural gas prices, could result in declines in customer usage and lower revenues for the Utility
Registrants that do not have decoupling mechanisms.
Generation's customer-f acing energy delivery activities face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and
increased expense for uncollectible customer balances.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  for additional informat ion of the
Registrants’  credit risk.
33
Table of Contents
The Registrants could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather (All Registrants).
Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities.
Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and
temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate
temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at PECO, DPL Delaware and ACE. Due to revenue
decoupling, BGE, Pepco and DPL Maryland recognize revenues at MDPSC and DCPSC-approved levels per customer , regardless
of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period and are not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms.
ComEd’ s customer rates are adjusted to eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns
on distribution revenue.
Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the Utility Registrants' transmission and distribution
systems, communication systems and technology , resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’ s
ability to meet peak customer demand. First and third quarter financial results, in particular , are substantially dependent on weather
conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
Generation’ s operations are also affected by weather , which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the
extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation could require greater resources to
meet its contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its
transmission, limiting Generation’ s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. In addition, drought-like conditions limiting
water usage  could impact Generation’ s ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity . These conditions, which cannot be
accurately predicted, could cause Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to
sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
Long-lived assets, goodwill and other assets could become impaired (All Registrants).
Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the Registrants’  statements of financial position. In addition, Exelon,
ComEd and PHI have material goodwill balances.
The Registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or
circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. Factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and
future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.
ComEd and PHI perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event
occurs or circumstances  change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying
amount. Regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market
performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s business, and
the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s, PHI’ s, and ComEd’ s goodwill.
An impairment would require the Registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset or goodwill to fair value through a
non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF
FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 7 — Property , Plant
and Equipment , Note 11 — Asset Impairments  and Note 12 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under
indemnification agreements, or when the Registrants have guaranteed their performance. Generation is
exposed to other credit risks in the power markets that are beyond its control (All Registrants).
The Registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a
Registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected
by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected Registrant
could be held responsible for the obligations. Each of the Utility
34
Table of Contents
Registrants has transferred its former generatio n business to a third party and in each case the transferee has agreed to assume
certain oblig ations and to indemnify the applicab le Utility Registrant for such obligations. In connection with the restructurings under
which ComEd, PECO and BGE transferred their generating assets to Generation, Generation assumed certain of ComEd’ s, PECO’ s
and BGE's rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. Further , ComEd, PECO and BGE have entered
into agreem ents with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify ComEd, PECO or BGE for certain obligations
related to their respectiv e former generation businesses that have been assumed by Generation as part of the restructuring. If the
third-party , Generation or the transferee of Pepco's, DPL's or ACE’ s generation facilities experienced events that reduced its
creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, the applicable Utility Registrant could be liable for any
existing or future claims. In addition, the Utility Registrants have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former
generation facilities.
The Registra nts have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and
sales of assets and a Registrant could incur substantial costs to fulfill its obligations under these indemnities.
The Registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the Registrant to perform in the event
that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, a Registrant could incur substantial cost
to fulfill its obligations under these guarantees.
In the bilateral markets, Generation is expose d to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money or are obligated to
purchase energy or fuel from Generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the
counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale
markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, were  already paid to the counterparties.
In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets,
primarily RTOs and ISOs. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating
downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, Generation’ s retail sales subject it to credi t risk through competitive electricity
and natural gas supply activities to serve comm ercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers.
Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk repres ents the loss that could be incurred
due to the nonpayment of a customer ’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve
the customer .
Regulatory and Legislative Factors
Federal or state legislative or regulatory actions could negatively affect the scope and functioning of the
wholesale markets (Exelon and Generation).
Approximately 70% of Generation’ s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-
term contracts, are locat ed in the area encompassed by PJM. Generation’ s future results of operations are impacted by (1) FERC’ s
and PJM's support for policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize the value of zero-
carbon electricity and resiliency and for states' energy objectives and policies (2) the absen ce of material changes to market
structures that would limit or otherwise negativ ely affect Exelon or Generation. Generation could also be affected by state laws,
regulations or initiatives to subsidize existing or new generation.
FERC’ s requirements for market-based rate authority could pose a risk that Generation may no longer satisfy FERC’ s tests for
market-based rates.
The Registrants’ are highly regulated and could be negatively affected by regulatory and legislative actions (All
Registrants).
Substantially all aspects of the businesses of the Registrants are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation and
legislation.
Generation’ s consolidated financial statements are significantly affected by its sales and purchases of commodities at market-based
rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates and Federal and state regulatory and legislative developments
related to emissions, climate change, capacity market mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity and RPS.
Legislative and regulatory ef forts in Illinois, New York and New Jersey
35
Table of Contents
to preserve the environm ental attributes and reliability benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through ZEC
programs are or could be subject to legal and regulatory challenges and, if overturned, could result in the early retirement of certain
of Generation’ s nuclear plants. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover
their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers.
Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the Registrants’  businesses would require changes
in their business planning models and operations. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory
proposals could become law or what their ef fect will be on the Registrants.
Changes in the Utility Registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates,
are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious,
lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce
time delays in effectuating rate changes (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
The Utility Registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms
and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and
officials, consumer advo cacy groups and various consumers of energy , who have differing concerns but who have the common
objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional
uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The potential duration of such proceeding s creates a risk that rates ultimately
approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a Utility Registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates
become effective. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions
of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund  or disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the
procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, MGP  remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response
programs. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants could agree to negotiated settlements relate d to various rate matters, customer
initiatives or franchise agreements. These settlements are subject to regulatory approval. The ultimate outcome and timing of
regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover their costs or earn an adequate
return. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements for additional
information.
NRC actions could negatively affect the operations and profitability of Generation’s nuclear generating fleet
(Exelon and Generation).
Regulatory risk. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in
capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as
well as those owned by Generation, could cause the NRC to initiate such actions.
Spent nuclear fuel storage.  The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF and the timing of such facility openin g, will
significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse
Generation for these costs.
Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF could adversely affect Generation’ s ability to
decommission fully its nuclear units. Generation  cannot predict what, if any, fee may be established in the future for SNF disposal.
See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on the SNF obligation.
The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards,
including the likely exposure of the Utility Registrants to the results of PJM’s RTEP and NERC compliance
requirements (All Registrants).
The Registrants as users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation and the Utility
Registrants, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC.
36
Table of Contents
PECO, BGE  and DPL as operators of natural gas distribution systems, PECO, BGE and DPL are also subject to mandatory reliability
standards of the U.S. Department of Transportation. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure
the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface princip les. Compliance with or changes in
the reliability standards could subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the
ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU impose certain distribution reliability standa rds on the Utility Registrants. If the
Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the Federal and State mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to
remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other
matters (All Registrants).
The busines ses which the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and
Federal authorities. These laws and regulation s affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make
capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste dispos al. Violations of these emission and
disposal requirements could subject the Regis trants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into
compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’  claims for
alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability
under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants
and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. Remediation activities associated with MGP  operations
conducted by predecess or companies are one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of
proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in
the future.
If application of Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to
aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Salem or other Exelon
power plants , this development could result in material costs of compliance. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS  — Environmental Regulation
for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes and the
inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. (All Registrants).
The Registra nts are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations
include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters.
These judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that
could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 13 — Income Taxes of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by federal and state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation,
along with energy conservation by customers (All Registrants).
Changes to current state legislation or the develo pment of Federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable and alternate
fuel sources could significantly impact Generation and the Utility Registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed for
Utility Registrants. The impact could include increased costs and increased rates for customers.
Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new
technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, could increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact the Utility
Registrants consolidated financial statements if timely cost recovery is not allowed. Furthermore, regulated energy consumption
reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation
technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of the Registrants. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS  — Environmental Regulation —
Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards for additional information.
37
Table of Contents
Generation’s affiliation with the Utility Registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of
Generation’s physical asset base within the Utility Registrants' service territories, could increase Generation’s
cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the Utility Registrants' retail
rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation (Exelon and
Generation).
Generation has significant generating resources  within the service areas of the Utility Registrants and makes significant sales to
each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials,
legislators and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’ s affiliation with the Utility Registrant s and its sales to each of them. In
periods of rising utility rates, particularly when  driven by increased costs of energy producti on and supply , those officials and
advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by the Utility Registrants with Generation, irrespective
of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. These challenges could increase the time,
complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challe nges could subject Generation to a
level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. In addition, government officials and legislators could
seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as
generation-based taxes.
The Registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to
negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (All
Registrants).
The Registra nts could be the subject of public criticism. Adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and
other regula tory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies such as Exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable
light, and could cause Exelon and its subsidiarie s to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as
increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements (e.g. disallowances of costs, lower ROEs).
Legal proceedings could result in a negative outcome, which the Registrants cannot predict (All Registrants).
The Registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations. The material ones
are summarized in Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue or restrict existing business
activities.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and
operation of hydroelectric facilities (Exelon and Generation).
FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, Federal lands
or connected to the interstate electric grid. Generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the
renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. If FERC does not issue new operating licenses for Generation’ s hydroelectric facilities
or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’ s results of operations could be adversely
affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and
decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. Generation could also lose
revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, conditions could be
imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital
expenditures, could result in increased operatin g costs or could render the project uneconomic. Similar effects could result from a
change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as
those owned by Generation.
Exelon and ComEd have received requests for information related to government investigations. The outcome
of the investigations could have a material adverse effect on their reputation and consolidated financial
statements (Exelon and ComEd).
Exelon and ComEd received a grand jury subpoena in the second quarter of 2019 from the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern
District of Illinois requiring production of information concerning their lobbying activities in the state
38
Table of Contents
of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, Exelon and ComEd received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the
Northern District of Illinois requiring production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities. On October
22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it has also opened an investigation into their lobbying activities. Exelon and
ComEd have  cooperated  fully, including by providing additional information requested by the U.S. Attorney’ s Office and the SEC, and
intend to continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with the U.S. Attorney’ s Office and the SEC. The outcome of the U.S.
Attorney’ s Office and SEC investigations canno t be predicted and could subject Exelon and ComEd to criminal or civil penalties,
sanctions or other remedial measures.  Any of the foregoing, as well as the appearance of non-compliance with anti-corruption and
anti-bribery laws, could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputation or relationship with regulatory and legislative
authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial statements. 
Operational Factors
The Registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change (All Registrants).
Physical plants could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in
temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, unprecedented levels of
precipitation and a chan ge in sea level. The Registrants’  operate in the Midwest and East Coast of the United States, areas that
historically have been prone to various types of severe weather events, such that the Registrants have well developed response and
recovery programs based on these historical events. Still disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution
systems or natural gas production, transmission,  storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe
weather event, or otherwise, could prevent the Registrants from operating their business in the normal course.
The Registrants are considering ways to addres s the effect of GHG emissions on climate change. If carbon reduction regulation or
legislation becomes effective, the Registrants could incur costs either to limit further the GHG emissions from their operations or to
procure emission allowance credits for Generation’ s fossil fuel-fired generation. See ITEM 1.  BUSINESS  — Global Climate Change.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and
operation of nuclear facilities (Exelon and Generation).
Nuclear capacity factor s. Capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect Generation’ s results of operations. Lower
capacity factors could decrease Generation’ s revenues and increase operating costs by requirin g Generation to produce additional
energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’ s
obligations to committed third-party sales, including the Utility Registrants. These sources generally have higher costs than
Generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
Nuclear refueling outages.  In general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. The total number of
refueling outages, along  with their duration, could have a significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. When refueling
outages last longer than anticipated or Generatio n experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and Generation faces
lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.
Nuclear fuel quality . The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Genera tion could affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’ s
operations. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or
increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
Operational risk. Operations at any of Generation’ s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation must
shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity . If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require
significant time and expense. Generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the
plant to full capacity . In either event, Generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet
supply commitments.
For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation could also incur liability to the co-owners. For nuclear plants
not operated and not wholly owned by Generation, from which Generation receives a portion  of the plants’  output, Generation’ s
results of operations are dependent on the opera tional performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant
event at those plants. Additionally , poor operating performance at
39
Table of Contents
nuclear plants not owned by Generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy . In
addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines,
could af fect transmission systems that could adversely af fect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by Generation.
Nuclear major incident risk and insurance.  The consequ ences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and
property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned or operated by
Generation or owned by others, could exceed Generation’ s resources, including insurance coverage. Generation is a member of an
industry mutual insuranc e company , NEIL, which provides property and business interruption insurance for Generation’ s nuclear
operations. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry , could be borne
by Generatio n. Additionally , an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the United States or abroad, whether
owned Generation or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy .
As required by the Price -Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance, $450 million
for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In
addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.9
billion  limit for a single incident.
See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information of nuclear insurance.
Decommissioning obligation and funding.  NRC regula tions require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate
reasonable assurance that funds will be availab le in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission
the facility .
Generation recognizes as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear facilities. The
estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of
decommissioning costs and Federal and state regulatory requirements. The costs of such decommissioning may substantially
exceed such liability , as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including chang es in the approach and timing of
decommissioning activit ies, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in Federal or state regulatory requirements on the
decommissioning of such facilities, other chang es in our estimates or Generation’ s ability to effectively execute on its planned
decommissioning activities.
Generation makes contributions to certain trust funds of the former PECO units based on amoun ts being collected by PECO from its
customers and remitted to Generation. While Generation, through PECO, has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO
customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additiona l amounts from utility customers for
any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that
Generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts
collected from PECO customers, or if Generation no longer had recourse to collect additional  amounts from PECO customers if
there was a shortfall of funds for decommissio ning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units could be
negatively af fected.
Should the expected value of the NDT fund for any former ComEd unit fall below the amount of the expected decommissioning
obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Comprehensive Income and the adverse impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements could be material. Any changes to the PECO regulatory agreements could impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s ability to
offset decom missioning-related activities within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, and the
impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements could be material.
Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment,
and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. If the investments held by Generation’ s NDTs are not sufficient to
fund the decommissioni ng of Generation’ s nuclear units, Generation could be required to take steps, such as providing financial
guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contrib utions to the trusts, which could be
significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future NRC minimum funding requirements are met.
40
Table of Contents
See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants' operating costs are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of
their delivery and operational systems (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
Failures of the equipme nt or facilities used in the Utility Registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and
electric and natural gas delivery , which could result in a loss of revenues and an increase in maintenance and capital expenditures.
Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems
failure. Specifically , if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in the Utility
Registrants' service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems,
or if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the Utility
Registrants' financial results could be negatively  impacted. In addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase
the risk that operational system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that
are dif ficult to detect.
Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory , have generally been afforded
liability prote ctions again st claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however , ComEd could be required to
pay damage s to its customers in some circums tances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, which
could be material.
The Registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (All Registrants).
The Registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks. Threat sources continue to seek  to exploit potential vulnerabilities in
the electric and natural gas utility industry assoc iated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and
other energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber , are becoming increasingly sophisticated and
dynamic. Continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks.
A security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the Registrants, their competit ors, vendors, business partners and
interconnected entities in RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the
transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical
infrastructure information, sensitive customer , vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. The risk of these
system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify , and while the Registrants have been, and will likely
continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none has directly experienced a material breach or disruption to its
network or information systems or our service operations. However , as such attacks continu e to increase in sophistication and
frequency , the Registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. If a significant breach were to occur , the
reputation of the Registrants could be negatively affected, customer confidence in the Registrants or others in the industry could be
diminished, or the Registrants could be subject to legal claims, loss of revenues, increased costs or operations shutdown. Moreover ,
the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such event s or security breaches may not be
sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result.
The Utility Registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an
intentional disruption of the system by third parties.
In addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by
the Registrants or their business operations and could adversely af fect their consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of
injury due to the nature of the energy industry (All Registrants).
Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to,
potentially dangerous environments near the Registrants’  operations. As a result, employee s, contractors, customers and the
general public are at some risk for serious injury , including loss of life. These risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas
explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.
41
Table of Contents
Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively
impact the Registrants' results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth (All
Registrants).
Generation’ s fleet of power plants and the Utility Registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by
natural disasters and extreme weather events,  which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme
weather event within the Registrants’  service areas can also directly affect their capital asse ts, causing disruption in service to
customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Natural disasters and other significant events
increase the risk to Generation that the NRC or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing,
among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, SNF storage, insurance, emergency planning,
security and environmental and radiological matters. In addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and
economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for Generation’ s continued operation, particularly the cooling of
generating units.
The impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on Exelon is uncerta in. The Registrants face a risk that
their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror . Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military
campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies
and markets, particularly oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of Exelon’ s
facilities, which could adversely affect Exelon’ s ability to manage its business effectively . Instability in the financial markets as a
result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result in a decline in energy
consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has
resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
The Registra nts could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic.
However , depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability , the ability
to operate Exelon's generating and transmission and distribution assets could be af fected.
In addition, Exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property , casualty and
cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt
operations. However , there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and
casualty losses.
The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to
maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (All Registrants).
The Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by Gener ation in electric generating facilities
and by the Utility Registrants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. Equipment, even if maintained in accordance
with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the Registrants’  control, and could
require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. The Registrants consolidated financial state ments could be negatively affected
if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS  for additiona l
information regarding the Registrants’  potential future capital expenditures.
The Utility Registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital
expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring
transmission systems (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
Demand for electricity within the Utility Registra nts' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative
routing or curtailment of electricity usage. Also, insuf ficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize
the Utility Registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulat ory agency relationships. As with all
utilities, potential concer ns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in PJM or FERC requiring the
Utility Registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
42
Table of Contents
PJM’ s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of
one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. However , service interruptions at other utilities may
cause interruptions in the Utility Registrants’  service areas.
The Registrants consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if they fail to attract and retain
an appropriately qualified workforce (All Registrants).
Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without
appropriate replacements, could lead to operatin g challenges and increased costs for the Registr ants. The challenges include lack of
resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for
contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. The Registra nts are particularly affected due to
the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution
operations.
The Registrants could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which
may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results (All Registrants).
Generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive
energy value chain. This could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, nuclear
advisory or operating services for third parties, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses
and entry into LNG. Such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from
current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered during diligence performed prior to launching
an initiative or entering a market. Additionally , it is possible that FERC, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain
other restrictions on such transactions. All of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in
lower than planned returns on investment.
The Utility Registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated initiatives, such as smart grids and utility of the future.
These risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery , regulatory concerns, cybersecurity and obsolescence of technology . Such
initiatives may not be successful.
The Registrants may not realize or achieve the anticipated cost savings through the cost management efforts
(All Registrants).
The Registra nts’ future financial performance and level of profitability is dependent, in part, on various cost reduction initiatives. The
Registrants may encounter challenges in executing these cost reduction initiatives and not achieve the intended cost savings.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS
All Registrants
None.
43
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Generation
The following table presents Generation’ s interests in net electric generating capacity by station at December 31, 2019 :
Station(a) LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b) Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
Midwest
Braidwood Braidwood, IL 2  Uranium Base-load 2,386
Byron Byron, IL 2  Uranium Base-load 2,347
LaSalle Seneca, IL 2  Uranium Base-load 2,320
Dresden Morris, IL 2  Uranium Base-load 1,845
Quad Cities Cordova, IL 2 75 Uranium Base-load 1,403(e) 
Clinton Clinton, IL 1  Uranium Base-load 1,069
Michigan Wind 2 Sanilac Co., MI 50 51(g) Wind Base-load 46(e) 
Beebe Gratiot Co., MI 34 51(g) Wind Base-load 42(e) 
Michigan Wind 1 Huron Co., MI 46 51(g) Wind Base-load 35(e) 
Harvest 2 Huron Co., MI 33 51(g) Wind Base-load 30(e) 
Harvest Huron Co., MI 32 51(g) Wind Base-load 27(e) 
Beebe 1B Gratiot Co., MI 21 51(g) Wind Base-load 26(e) 
Ewington Jackson Co., MN 10 99 Wind Base-load 20(e) 
City Solar Chicago, IL 1  Solar Base-load 9
Solar Ohio Toledo, OH 2  Solar Base-load 4
Blue Breezes Faribault Co., MN 2  Wind Base-load 3
CP Windfarm Faribault Co., MN 2 51(g) Wind Base-load 2(e) 
Southeast Chicago Chicago, IL 8  Gas Peaking 296(k) 
Clinton Battery Storage Blanchester , OH 1  Energy Storage Peaking 10
Total Midwest 11,920
Mid-Atlantic
Limerick Sanatoga, P A 2  Uranium Base-load 2,317
Peach Bottom Delta, P A 2 50 Uranium Base-load 1,324(e) 
SalemLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 2 42.59  Uranium Base-load 998(e) 
Calvert Clif fs Lusby , MD 2 50.01(f) Uranium Base-load 895(e) 
Conowingo Darlington, MD 11  Hydroelectric Base-load 572
Criterion Oakland, MD 28 51(g) Wind Base-load 36(e) 
Fair Wind Garrett County , MD 12  Wind Base-load 30
Solar MC Various, MD 41  Solar Base-load 39
Fourmile Ridge Garrett County , MD 16 51(g) Wind Base-load 20(e) 
44
Table of Contents
Station(a) LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b) Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
Solar New Jersey 1 Various, NJ 5  Solar Base-load 18
Solar New Jersey 2 Various, NJ 2  Solar Base-load 11
Solar Horizons Emmitsburg, MD 1 51(g) Solar Base-load 8(e) 
Solar Maryland Various, MD 11  Solar Base-load 8
Solar Maryland 2 Various, MD 3  Solar Base-load 8
JBAB Solar District of Columbia 4  Solar Base-load 7
Gateway Solar Berlin, MD 1  Solar Base-load 7
Constellation New Energy Gaithersburg, MD 3  Solar Base-load 6
Solar Federal Trenton, NJ 1  Solar Base-load 5
Solar New Jersey 3 Middle Township, NJ 5 51(g) Solar Base-load 1(e) 
Solar DC District of Columbia 1  Solar Base-load 1
Muddy Run Drumore, P A 8  Hydroelectric Intermediate 1,070
Eddystone 3, 4 Eddystone, P A 2  Oil/Gas Peaking 760
Perryman Aberdeen, MD 5  Oil/Gas Peaking 404
Croydon West Bristol, P A 8  Oil Peaking 391
Handsome Lake Kennerdell, P A 5  Gas Peaking 268
Notch Clif f Baltimore, MD 8  Gas Peaking 117(j) 
Westport Baltimore, MD 1  Gas Peaking 116(j) 
Richmond Philadelphia, P A 2  Oil Peaking 98
Philadelphia Road Baltimore, MD 4  Oil Peaking 61
Eddystone Eddystone, P A 4  Oil Peaking 60
Fairless Hills Fairless Hills, P A 2  Landfill Gas Peaking 60(j) 
Delaware Philadelphia, P A 4  Oil Peaking 56
Southwark Philadelphia, P A 4  Oil Peaking 52
Falls Morrisville, P A 3  Oil Peaking 51
MoserLower
PottsgroveT wp., P A 3  Oil Peaking 51
Chester Chester , PA 3  Oil Peaking 39
Schuylkill Philadelphia, P A 2  Oil Peaking 30
SalemLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 1 42.59  Oil Peaking 16(e) 
Pennsbury Morrisville, P A 2  Landfill Gas Peaking 4(e) 
Total Mid-Atlantic 10,015
ERCOT
Whitetail Webb County , TX 57 51(g) Wind Base-load 46(e) 
SenderoJim Hogg and Zapata
County , TX 39 51(g) Wind Base-load 40(e) 
45
Table of Contents
Station(a) LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b) Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
Constellation Solar Texas Various, TX 11  Solar Base-load 13
Colorado Bend II Wharton, TX 3  Gas Intermediate 1,140
Wolf Hollow II Granbury , TX 3  Gas Intermediate 1,115
Handley 3 Fort W orth, TX 1  Gas Intermediate 395
Handley 4, 5 Fort W orth, TX 2  Gas Peaking 870
Total ERCOT 3,619
New York
Nine Mile Point Scriba, NY 2 50.01(f) Uranium Base-load 838(e) 
FitzPatrick Scriba, NY 1  Uranium Base-load 842
Ginna Ontario, NY 1 50.01(f) Uranium Base-load 288(e) 
Solar New York Bethlehem, NY 1  Solar Base-load 3
Total New York 1,971
Other
Antelope V alley Lancaster , CA 1  Solar Base-load 242
Bluestem Beaver County , OK 60 51(g)(h) Wind Base-load 101(e) 
Shooting Star Kiowa County , KS 65 51(g) Wind Base-load 53(e) 
Albany Green Energy Albany , GA 1 99(i) Biomass Base-load 53
Solar Arizona Various, AZ 127  Solar Base-load 46
Bluegrass Ridge King City , MO 27 51(g) Wind Base-load 29(e) 
California PV Energy 2 Various, CA 90  Solar Base-load 28
Conception Barnard, MO 24 51(g) Wind Base-load 26(e) 
Cow Branch Rock Port, MO 24 51(g) Wind Base-load 26(e) 
Solar Arizona 2 Various, AZ 56  Solar Base-load 34
California PV Energy Various, CA 53  Solar Base-load 21
Mountain Home Glenns Ferry , ID 20 51(g) Wind Base-load 21(e) 
High Mesa Elmore Co., ID 19 51(g) Wind Base-load 20(e) 
Echo 1 Echo, OR 21 50.49(g) Wind Base-load 17(e) 
Sacramento PV Energy Sacramento, CA 4 51(g) Solar Base-load 15(e) 
Cassia Buhl, ID 14 51(g) Wind Base-load 15(e) 
Wildcat Lovington, NM 13 51(g) Wind Base-load 14(e) 
Echo 2 Echo, OR 10 51(g) Wind Base-load 10(e) 
High Plains Panhandle, TX 8 99.5  Wind Base-load 10(e) 
Solar Georgia 2 Various, GA 8  Solar Base-load 10
Tuana Springs Hagerman, ID 8 51(g) Wind Base-load 9(e) 
Solar Georgia Various, GA 10  Solar Base-load 8
Greensburg Greensburg, KS 10 51(g) Wind Base-load 7(e) 
Solar 
Massachusetts Various, MA 10  Solar Base-load 7
Outback Solar Christmas V alley, OR 1  Solar Base-load 6
Echo 3 Echo, OR 6 50.49(g) Wind Base-load 5(e) 
46
Table of Contents
Station(a) LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b) Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
Holyoke Solar Various, MA 2  Solar Base-load 5
Three Mile Canyon Boardman, OR 6 51(g) Wind Base-load 5(e) 
Loess Hills Rock Port, MO 4  Wind Base-load 5
California PV Energy 3 Various, CA 19  Solar Base-load 6
Mohave Sunrise Solar Fort Mohave, AZ 1  Solar Base-load 5
Denver Airport 
Solar Denver , CO 1 51(g) Solar Base-load 2(e) 
Solar Net Metering Uxbridge, MA 1  Solar Base-load 2
Solar Connecticut Various, CT 1  Solar Base-load 1
Mystic 8, 9 Charlestown, MA 6  Gas Intermediate 1,417
Hillabee Alexander City , AL 3  Gas Intermediate 753
Mystic 7 Charlestown, MA 1  Oil/Gas Intermediate 542(j) 
Wyman 4 Yarmouth, ME 1 5.9  Oil Intermediate 35(e) 
Grand Prairie Alberta, Canada 1  Gas Peaking 105
West Medway West Medway , MA 3  Oil Peaking 123
West Medway II West Medway , MA 2  Oil/Gas Peaking 190
Framingham Framingham, MA 3  Oil Peaking 31
Mystic Jet Charlestown, MA 1  Oil Peaking 9(j) 
Total Other 4,069
Total 31,594
__________
(a)All nuclear stations are boiling water reactors except Braidwood, Byron, Calvert Cliffs, Ginna, and Salem, which are pressurized water reactors.
(b)100%, unless otherwise indicated.
(c)Base-load units are plants that normally operate to take all or part of the minimum continuous load of a system and, consequently, produce
electricity at an essentially constant rate. Intermediate units are plants that normally operate to take load of a system during the daytime higher
load hours and, consequently, produce electricity by cycling on and off daily. Peaking units consist of lower-efficiency, quick response steam
units, gas turbines and diesels normally used during the maximum load periods.
(d)For nuclear stations, capacity reflects the annual mean rating. Fossil stations reflect a summer rating. Wind and solar facilities reflect name plate
capacity.
(e)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share.
(f)Reflects Generation’s interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF. See ITEM 1. — BUSINESS — Exelon Generation Company, LLC — Nuclear
Facilities for additional information.
(g)Reflects the prior sale of 49% of EGRP to a third party. See Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
(h)EGRP owns 100% of the Class A membership interests and a tax equity investor owns 100% of the Class B membership interests of the entity
that owns the Bluestem generating assets.
(i)Generation directly owns a 50% interest in the Albany Green Energy station and an additional 49% through the consolidation of a Variable
Interest Entity.
(j)Generation has plans to retire and cease generation operations at certain plants in 2020 and 2021.
(k)Generation has deactivated the site and is evaluating for potential return of service or retirement in 2020.
The net generation capability available for operation at any time may be less due to regulatory restrictions, transmission congestion,
fuel restricti ons, efficien cy of cooling facilities, level of water supplies or generating units being temporarily out of service for
inspection, maintenance, refueling, repairs or modifications required by regulatory authorities.
Generation maintains property insurance agains t loss or damage to its principal plants and properties by fire or other perils, subject
to certain exceptions. For additional information regarding nuclear insurance of generating
47
Table of Contents
facilities, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS  — Exelon Generation Company , LLC. For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the
extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a
material adverse ef fect in Generation’ s consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
The Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants electric substations and a portion of their transmission rights are located on property that they own. A
significant portion of their electric transmission and distribution facilities are located above or underneath highways, streets, other
public places or propert y that others own. The Utility Registrants believe that they have satisfa ctory rights to use those places or
property in the form of permits, grants, easements, licenses and franchise rights; however , they have not necessarily undertaken to
examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights rest.
Transmission and Distribution
The Utility Registrants’  high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at  December 31, 2019  were as follows:
Voltage Circuit Miles
(Volts) ComEd PECO BGE  Pepco DPL  ACE
765,000 90 — —  — —  —
500,000(a)— 188(a) 216  109 16(a) —(a) 
345,000 2,716 — —  — —  —
230,000 — 549 358  769 472  274
138,000 2,224 135 55  50 586  209
115,000 — — 705  25 —  —
69,000 — 177 —  — 569  661
___________
(a)In addition, PECO, DPL, and ACE have an ownership interest located in Delaware and New Jersey. See Note 8 - Jointly Owned Electric Utility
Plant - for additional information.
The Utility Registrant’ s electric distribution system includes the following number of circuit miles of overhead and underground lines:
Circuit Miles ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Overhead 35,385 12,964 9,176 4,104 6,010 7,350
Underground 31,799 9,417 17,489 6,993 6,316 2,942
Gas
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s and DPL ’s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2019 :
 PECO BGE DPL
Transmission 9 161 8(a)
Distribution 6,932 7,386 2,114
Service piping 6,414 6,345 1,447
Total 13,355 13,892 3,569
48
Table of Contents
___________
(a)DPL has a 10% undivided interest in approximately 8 miles of natural gas transmission mains located in Delaware which are used by DPL for its
natural gas operations and by 90% owner for distribution of natural gas to its electric generating facilities.
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s and DPL ’s natural gas facilities:
Registrant Facility LocationStorage Capacity
(mmcf)Send-out or Peaking
Capacity
(mmcf/day)
PECOLNG Facility West Conshohocken, P A
1,200 160
PECO Propane Air Plant Chester , PA 105 25
BGE LNG Facility Baltimore, MD 1,056 332
BGE Propane Air Plant Baltimore, MD 550 85
DPL LNG Facility Wilmington, DE 250 25
PECO, BGE and DPL  also own 30, 32, and 10 natural gas city gate stations and direct pipeline customer delivery points at various
locations throughout their gas service territory , respectively .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principa l properties of ComEd, PECO, PEPCO, DPL, and ACE are subject to the lien of their respective Mortgages under which
their respec tive First Mortgage Bonds are issued. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Com bined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants maintain property insurance against loss or damage to their properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain
exceptions. For their insured losses, the Utility Registrants are self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy
deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolidated
financial condition or results of operations of the Utility Registrants.
Exelon
Security Measures
The Registra nts have initiated and work to main tain security measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced
security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term design changes and redundancy
measures. Additionally , the energy industry has strategic relationships with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans
are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the country’ s energy systems.
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS
All Registrants
The Registrants are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. For
information regarding material lawsuits and proceedings, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 18 — Commitments and
Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Finan cial Statements. Such descriptions are incorporated herein by these
references.
49
Table of Contents
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES
All Registrants
Not Applicable to the Registrants.
50
Table of Contents
PART II
(Dollars in millions except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES
Exelon
Exelon’ s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq  (trading symbol: EXC). As of January 31, 2020 , there were 974,319,565  shares of
common stock outstanding and approximately 95,064  record holders of common stock.
Stock Performance Graph
The performance graph below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns base d on an initial investment of $100 in
Exelon common stock, as compared with the S&P  500 Stock Index and the S&P  Utility Index, for the period 2015  through 2019 .
This performance chart assumes:
•$100 invested on December 31, 2014 in Exelon common stock, the S&P  500 Stock Index and the S&P  Utility Index; and
•All dividends are reinvested.
Value of Investment at December 31,
 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
Exelon Corporation $100 $77.83 $103.37 $118.92 $140.72 $146.74
S&P 500 $100 $101.38 $113.51 $138.29 $132.23 $173.86
S&P Utilities $100 $95.15 $110.65 $124.05 $129.14 $163.17
Generation
As of January 31, 2020 , Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in Generation.
ComEd
As of January 31, 2020 , there were 127,021,349  outstanding shares of common stock, $12.50 par value, of ComEd, of which
127,002,904  shares were indirectly held by Exelon. At January 31, 2020 , in addition to Exelon, there were 296 record holders of
ComEd common stock. There is no established market for shares of the common stock of ComEd.
PECO
As of January 31, 2020 , there were 170,478,507  outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of PECO, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
51
Table of Contents
BGE
As of January 31, 2020 , there were 1,000  outstanding  shares of common stock, without par value, of BGE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
PHI
As of January 31, 2020 , Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in PHI.
Pepco
As of January 31, 2020 , there were 100 outstanding  shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of Pepco, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
DPL
As of January 31, 2020 , there were 1,000  outstanding  shares of common stock, $2.25 par value, of DPL, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
ACE
As of January 31, 2020 , there were 8,546,017  outstanding shares of common stock, $3.00 par value, of ACE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
All Registrants
Dividends
Under applicable Federal law, Generation, Com Ed, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE can pay dividends only from retained,
undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may limit
the dividends that these companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with a financin g arranged through ComEd Financing III that ComEd will not declare dividends on
any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated
debt securities issued to ComEd Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be 48% as equity  levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC or (b) Pepco’ s senior
unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL ’s
52
Table of Contents
senior unsec ured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are calculated
under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit
rating agenc ies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requi res ACE to obtain the prior approval
of the NJBP U before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization , excluding securitization debt, falls
below 30%. No such events have occurred.
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering
2018 through 2020, beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
At December 31, 2019 , Exelon had retained earnings of $16,267 million , including Generation’ s undistributed earnings of $3,950
million , ComEd’ s retained earnings of $1,517 million  consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $3,156
million , partially offset by $1,639 million  of unappropriated accumulated deficits, PECO’ s retained earnings of $1,412 million , BGE’ s
retained earnings of $1,776 million , and PHI's undistributed losses of $10 million.
The following table sets forth Exelon’ s quarterly cash dividends per share paid during 2019  and 2018 :
 2019 2018
(per share)Fourth
QuarterThird
Quarter Second
Quarter First
QuarterFourth
QuarterThird
Quarter Second
Quarter First
Quarter
Exelon $ 0.363 $ 0.363  $ 0.363  $ 0.363 $ 0.345 $ 0.345  $ 0.345  $ 0.345
The following table sets forth Generation's and PHI's quarterly distributions and ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and
ACE's quarterly common dividend payments:
 2019  2018
(in millions)4th
Quarter 3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter 4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter 1st
Quarter
Generation $ 225  $ 225 $ 224 $ 225  $ 313 $ 311 $ 189  $ 188
ComEd 128  126 127 127  114 116 115  114
PECO 90 88 90 90 6 7 6 287
BGE 55 57 56 56 52 52 53 52
PHI 97 213 88 128  94 123 38 71
Pepco 40 101 48 24 41 78 25 25
DPL 34 35 29 41 38 18 4 36
ACE 24 76 12 12 13 27 10 9
First Quarter 2020 Dividend
On January 28, 2020 , the Exelon Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2020 regular quarterly dividend of $0.3825  per share on
Exelon’ s common stock payable on March 10, 2020 , to shareholders of record of Exelon at the end of the day on February 20, 2020 .
53
Table of Contents
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL  DATA
Exelon
The selected  financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Exelon. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with Exelon’ s Consolidated Financial Statements
and ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2019 2018(a) 2017(a)  2016(b) 2015
Statement of Operations data:    
Operating revenues $ 34,438 $ 35,978 $ 33,558  $ 31,366 $ 29,447
Operating income 4,374 3,891 4,388  3,212 4,554
Net income 3,028 2,079 3,869 1,196 2,250
Net income attributable to common
shareholders 2,936 2,005 3,779  1,121 2,269
Earnings per average common share
(diluted):    
Net income $ 3.01 $ 2.07 $ 3.98  $ 1.21 $ 2.54
Dividends per common share $ 1.45 $ 1.38 $ 1.31  $ 1.26 $ 1.24
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018(a)  2017(a)  2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 12,037 $ 13,328  $ 11,872  $ 12,451 $ 15,334
Property , plant and equipment, net 80,233 76,707  74,202  71,555 57,439
Total assets 124,977 119,634 116,746 114,952 95,384
Current liabilities 14,185 11,404  10,798  13,463 9,118
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 31,719 34,465  32,565  32,216 24,286
Shareholders’  equity 32,224 30,741  29,878  25,860 25,793
__________
(a) Amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to Pepco's decoupling mechanism. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)The 2016 financial results include the activity of PHI from the merger effective date of March 24, 2016 through December 31, 2016.
54
Table of Contents
Generation
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Generation.
This data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with Generation’ s Consolidated Financial
Statements and ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESU LTS OF
OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:   
Operating revenues $ 18,924 $ 20,437 $ 18,500  $ 17,757 $ 19,135
Operating income 1,323 975 947  820 2,275
Net income 1,217 443 2,798  550 1,340
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:      
Current assets $ 7,076 $ 8,433  $ 6,882  $ 6,567 $ 6,342
Property , plant and equipment, net 24,193 23,981  24,906  25,585 25,843
Total assets 48,995 47,556 48,457 47,022 46,529
Current liabilities 7,289 5,769  4,191  5,689 4,933
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to af filiates 4,792 7,887  8,644  8,124 8,869
Member ’s equity 13,484 13,204  13,669  11,505 11,635
ComEd
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of ComEd. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with ComEd’ s Consolidated Financial Statements
and ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 5,747 $ 5,882  $ 5,536  $ 5,254 $ 4,905
Operating income 1,171 1,146  1,323  1,205 1,017
Net income 688 664  567  378 426
55
Table of Contents
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 1,583 $ 1,570  $ 1,364  $ 1,554 $ 1,518
Property , plant and equipment, net 23,107 22,058  20,723  19,335 17,502
Total assets 32,765 31,213 29,726 28,335 26,532
Current liabilities 2,117 1,925  2,294  2,938 2,766
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 8,196 8,006  6,966  6,813 6,049
Shareholders’  equity 10,677 10,247  9,542  8,725 8,243
PECO
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of PECO. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with PECO’ s Consolidated Financial Statements and
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 3,100 $ 3,038  $ 2,870  $ 2,994 $ 3,032
Operating income 713 587  655  702 630
Net income 528 460  434  438 378
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017 2016  2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 722 $ 782  $ 822 $ 757  $ 842
Property , plant and equipment, net 9,292 8,610  8,053 7,565  7,141
Total assets 11,469 10,642 10,170 10,831 10,367
Current liabilities 722 809  1,267 727  944
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 3,589 3,268  2,587 2,764  2,464
Shareholder's equity 4,178 3,820  3,577 3,415  3,236
BGE
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of BGE. This data
is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with BGE’ s Consolida ted Financial Statements and ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 3,106 $ 3,169  $ 3,176  $ 3,233 $ 3,135
Operating income 532 474  614  550 558
Net income 360 313  307  294 288
56
Table of Contents
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017 2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:    
Current assets $ 833  $ 786  $ 811 $ 842 $ 845
Property , plant and equipment, net 8,990  8,243  7,602 7,040 6,597
Total assets 10,634 9,716 9,104 8,704 8,295
Current liabilities 753  774  760 707 1,134
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 3,270  2,876  2,577 2,533 1,732
Shareholder's equity 3,683  3,354  3,141 2,848 2,687
PHI
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of PHI. This data
is qualified in its entirety  by reference to and should be read in conjunction with PHI’s Consolidated Financial Statements and ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 Successor  Predecessor
 For the Years Ended
December 31,  March 24 to
December 31, January 1 to
March 23,For the Year
Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018(a) 2017(a) 2016  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 4,806 $ 4,798  $ 4,672  $ 3,643  $1,153 $ 4,935
Operating income 722 643  762  93 105 673
Net income (loss) from continuing
operations 477 393  355  (61) 19 318
Net income (loss) 477 393  355  (61) 19 327
 Successor   Predecessor
 December 31,   
(In millions) 2019  2018(a) 2017(a) 2016   2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 1,480  $ 1,501 $ 1,527 $ 1,838   $ 1,474
Property , plant and equipment, net 14,296  13,446 12,498 11,598   10,864
Total assets 22,719  21,952 21,223 21,025   16,188
Current liabilities 1,612  1,592 1,931 2,284   2,327
Long-term debt 6,460  6,134 5,478 5,645   4,823
Preferred Stock — — — —  183
Member ’s equity/Shareholders' equity 9,608  9,259 8,807 8,016   4,413
__________
(a)Amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to Pepco's decoupling mechanism. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
57
Table of Contents
Pepco
The selected  financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Pepco. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with Pepco’ s Financial Statements and ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018(a)  2017(a)  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 2,260 $ 2,232  $ 2,151  $ 2,186 $ 2,129
Operating income 361 313  392  174 385
Net income 243 205  198  42 187
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018(a)  2017(a)  2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 696 $ 728  $ 686  $ 684 $ 726
Property , plant and equipment, net 6,909 6,460  6,001  5,571 5,162
Total assets 8,661 8,267  7,808  7,335 6,908
Current liabilities 657 628  550  596 455
Long-term debt 2,862 2,704  2,521  2,333 2,340
Shareholder's equity 2,907 2,717  2,515  2,300 2,240
__________
(a)Amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to Pepco's decoupling mechanism. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
DPL
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of DPL. This data
is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with DPL’s Financial Statements and ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:    
Operating revenues $ 1,306 $ 1,332 $ 1,300  $ 1,277 $ 1,302
Operating income 217 190 229  50 165
Net income (loss) 147 120 121  (9) 76
58
Table of Contents
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 325 $ 336  $ 325  $ 370 $ 388
Property , plant and equipment, net 4,035 3,821  3,579  3,273 3,070
Total assets 4,830 4,588  4,357  4,153 3,969
Current liabilities 414 375  547  381 564
Long-term debt 1,487 1,403  1,217  1,221 1,061
Shareholder's equity 1,580 1,509  1,335  1,326 1,237
ACE
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of ACE. This data
is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with ACE’ s Financial Statements and ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017  2016 2015
Statement of Operations data:    
Operating revenues $ 1,240 $ 1,236 $ 1,186  $ 1,257 $ 1,295
Operating income 151 149 157  7 134
Net income (loss) 99 75 77 (42) 40
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017  2016 2015
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 270 $ 240  $ 258  $ 399 $ 546
Property , plant and equipment, net 3,190 2,966  2,706  2,521 2,322
Total assets 3,933 3,699  3,445  3,457 3,387
Current liabilities 360 422  619  320 297
Long-term debt 1,307 1,170  840  1,120 1,153
Shareholder's equity 1,276 1,126  1,043  1,034 1,000
59
Table of Contents
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Exelon
Executive Overview
Exelon is a utility service s holding company engaged in the generation, delivery , and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE.
Exelon has eleven reportable segments consisting of Generation’ s five reportable segments (Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York,
ERCOT  and Other Power Regions), ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE. During the first quarter of 2019, due to a change in
economics in our New England region, Generation changed the way that information is reviewed by the CODM. The New England
region is no longer regularly reviewed as a separate region by the CODM nor presented separately in any external information
presented to third parties. Information for the New England region is reviewed by the CODM as part of Other Power Regions. See
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 5 — Segment Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding Exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
Exelon’ s consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, Generation,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, which, along with Exelon, are collectively referred to as the Registrants. The
following combined Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations summarizes results for
the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the year ended December 31, 2018 , and is separately filed by Exelon, Generation,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. However , none of the Registrants makes any representation as to information
related solely to any of the other Registrants. For discussion of the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017 , refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS
OF OPERA TIONS  in the 2018-Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 8, 2019.
60
Table of Contents
Financial Results of Operations
GAAP  Results of Operations. The following table sets forth Exelon's GAAP  consolidated Net Income attributable to common
shareholders by Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  and 2017 . For additional
information regarding the financial results for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018  see the discussions of Results of
Operations by Registrant.
 2019 2018(a)  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017(a)Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Exelon $ 2,936 $ 2,005  $ 931  $ 3,779 $ (1,774 )
Generation 1,125 370  755  2,710 (2,340 )
ComEd 688 664  24 567 97
PECO 528 460  68 434 26
BGE 360 313  47 307 6
PHI 477 393  84 355 38
Pepco 243 205  38 198 7
DPL 147 120  27 121 (1)
ACE 99 75 24 77 (2)
Other(b)(242) (195) (47) (594) 399
__________
(a)Exelon’s, PHI’s and Pepco’s amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to Pepco’s decoupling mechanism. See
Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income attributable to common
shareholders  increased by $931 million  and diluted earnings per average common share increased to $3.01  in 2019  from $2.07  in
2018  primarily due to:
•Higher net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•Decreased accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of the Oyster Creek nuclear facility in
September 2018 and TMI in September 2019  and the absence of a charge associated with the remeasurement of the
Oyster Creek ARO in 2018;
•Decreased Operating and maintenance expense at Generation which includes the impacts of previous cost
management programs, lower pension and OPEB costs and increased NEIL  insurance distributions;
•A benefit associated with the remeasurement of the TMI ARO in the first quarter of 2019  and the annual nuclear ARO
update in the third quarter of 2019;
•Decreased nuclear outage days;
•Lower mark-to-market losses;
•Regulatory rate increases at PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE;
•Increased electric distribution, energy ef ficiency and transmission earnings at ComEd;
•Decreased storms costs at PECO and BGE; and
•Research and development income tax benefits.
The increases were partially of fset by;
61
Table of Contents
•Lower realized energy prices;
•Lower capacity prices;
•Unfavorable weather conditions at PECO, DPL  and ACE; and
•Unfavorable volume at PECO.
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. In addition to net incom e, Exelon evaluates its operating performance using the
measure of Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the
ongoing operations of the business. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and
other specified items. This information is intended to enhance an investor ’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating results
and provide an indication  of Exelon’ s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not
directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. In addition, this information is among the primary indicators management
uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and
forecasting of future periods. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not be
comparable to other companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this report.
62
Table of Contents
The following table provides a reconciliation between Net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance
with GAAP  and Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2019  as compared to 2018  and 2017 : 
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2019 2018(a) 2017(a)
(All amounts in millions after tax)Earnings per
Diluted Share Earnings per
Diluted ShareEarnings per
Diluted Share
Net Income Attributable to Common
Shareholders $ 2,936 $ 3.01 $ 2,005 $ 2.07 $ 3,779 $ 3.98
Mark-to-Market Impact of Economic Hedging
Activities (net of taxes of $66, $89 and $68,
respectively) 197 0.20 252 0.26 107 0.11
Unrealized (Gains) Losses Related to NDT  Fund
Investments (net of taxes of $269, $289 and $286,
respectively)(b)(299) (0.31 ) 337 0.35 (318) (0.34 )
Amortization of Commodity Contract Intangibles (net
of taxes of $22) — — — — 34 0.04
PHI Merger and Integration Costs (net of taxes of $2
and $25, respectively) — — 3 — 40 0.04
Merger Commitments (net of taxes of $137) — — — — (137) (0.14 )
Asset Impairments (net of taxes of $56, $13 and
$204, respectively)(c)123 0.13 35 0.04 321 0.34
Plant Retirements and Divestitures (net of taxes of
$9, $181, and $134, respectively)(d)118 0.12 512 0.53 207 0.22
Cost Management Program (net of taxes of $17, $16,
and $21, respectively)(e)51 0.05 48 0.05 34 0.04
Asset Retirement Obligation (net of taxes of $9, $7,
and $1, respectively)(f)(84) (0.09 ) 20 0.02 (2) —
 Vacation Policy Change (net of taxes of $21) — — — — (33) (0.03 )
Change in Environmental Liabilities (net of taxes of
$8, $0, and $17, respectively) 20 0.02 (1) — 27 0.03
Bargain Purchase Gain (net of taxes of $0) — — — — (233) (0.25 )
Gain on Deconsolidation of Business (net of taxes of
$83) — — — — (130) (0.14 )
Gain on Contract Settlement (net of taxes of $20)(g)— — (55) (0.06 ) — —
Litigation Settlement Gain (net of taxes of $7) (19) (0.02 ) — — — —
Income Tax-Related Adjustments (entire amount
represents tax expense)(h)5 0.01 (22) (0.02 ) (1,330 ) (1.41 )
Noncontrolling Interests (net of taxes of $26, $24,
and $24, respectively)(i)90 0.09 (113) (0.12 ) 114 0.12
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings $ 3,139 $ 3.22 $ 3,021 $ 3.12 $ 2,480 $ 2.61
__________
Note:
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
Unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between GAAP Net Income and Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings is
based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each Registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is
taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. For all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds, the marginal
statutory income tax rates for 2019 and 2018 ranged from 26.0 percent to 29.0 percent. Under IRS regulations, NDT fund investment returns are
taxed at different rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified funds. The effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related
to NDT funds were 47.3 percent and 46.2 percent for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
63
Table of Contents
(a)Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders and Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings have been revised to reflect the correction of
an error related to Pepco’s decoupling mechanism. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)Reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on Generation’s NDT fund investments for Non-Regulatory and Regulatory Agreement
Units. The impacts of the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the associated income taxes, are contractually eliminated, resulting in no
earnings impact.
(c)In 2018, primarily reflects the impairment of certain wind projects at Generation. In 2019, primarily reflects the impairment of equity method
investments in certain distributed energy companies. The impact of such impairment net of noncontrolling interest is $0.02.
(d)In 2018, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges associated with Generation's decision to
early retire the Oyster Creek and TMI nuclear facilities, a charge associated with a remeasurement of the Oyster Creek ARO, partially offset by a
gain associated with Generation's sale of its electrical contracting business. In 2019, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization
expenses associated with the early retirement of the TMI nuclear facility and certain fossil sites and the loss on the sale of Oyster Creek to
Holtec, partially offset by net realized gains related to Oyster Creek's NDT fund investments, a net benefit associated with remeasurements of
the TMI ARO and a gain on the sale of certain wind assets.
(e)Primarily represents severance and reorganization costs related to cost management programs.
(f)In 2018, reflects an increase at Pepco related primarily to asbestos identified at its Buzzard Point property. In 2019, reflects a benefit related to
Generation's annual nuclear ARO update for non-regulatory units.
(g)Represents the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement at Generation.
(h)In 2018, reflects an adjustment to the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the TCJA. In 2019, primarily reflects the
adjustment to deferred income taxes due to changes in forecasted apportionment.
(i)Represents elimination from Generation’s results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items. In 2018, primarily related to
the impact of unrealized losses on NDT fund investments for CENG units. In 2019, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains on NDT
fund investments and the impact of the Generation's annual nuclear ARO update for CENG units, partially offset by the impairment of certain
equity investments in distributed energy companies.
Significant 2019 Transactions and Developments
Utility Rates and Base Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric
transmission and distribution, and gas distribut ion rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The
outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impa ct the Utility Registrants’  current and future results of operations, cash flows and
financial position.
The following tables show the Utility Registrants’  completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2019 . See Note
3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial Statements for additional information on other regulatory
proceedings.
64
Table of Contents
Completed Utility Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested
Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)Approved
Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)Approved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - Illinois (Electric)April 16,
2018 $ (23)$ (24) 8.69%December 4, 2018January 1,
2019
ComEd - Illinois (Electric) April 8, 2019 $ (6)$ (17) 8.91%December 4, 2019January 1,
2020
PECO - Pennsylvania (Electric)March 29,
2018 $ 82$ 25 N/A December 20, 2018January 1,
2019
BGE - Maryland
(Natural Gas)June 8, 2018
(amended
October 12,
2018) $ 61 43 9.8% January 4, 2019January 4,
2019
BGE - Maryland (Electric)May 24,
2019
(amended
December
17, 2019) $ 74$ 18 9.7%December 17, 2019December
17, 2019
BGE - Maryland (Natural Gas)May 24,
2019
(amended
December
17, 2019) $ 59$ 45 9.75%December 17, 2019December
17, 2019
ACE - New Jersey (Electric)August 21,
2018
(amended
November
19, 2018) $ 122 $ 70 9.6% March 13, 2019 April 1, 2019
Pepco - Maryland (Electric)January 15,
2019
(amended
May 16,
2019) $ 27$ 10.3 9.6% August 12, 2019August 13,
2019
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
Pepco - District of Columbia
(Electric)May 30, 2019
(amended
September 16, 2019) $ 160 10.3% Fourth quarter of 2020
DPL - Maryland (Electric) December 5, 2019 $ 19 10.3% Third quarter of 2020
65
Table of Contents
Transmission Formula Rate
The followin g total (decreases)/increases were included in ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's 2019  annual electric
transmission formula rate updates.
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Annual
Reconciliation
(Decrease)/IncreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Allowed Return
on Rate Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 21 $ (16)$ 5 8.21% 11.50 %
BGE (10) (23) (19) 7.35% 10.50 %
Pepco 15 11 26 7.75% 10.50 %
DPL 17 (1) 16 7.14% 10.50 %
ACE 11 (2) 9 7.79% 10.50 %
PECO T ransmission Formula Rate
On May 1, 2017, PECO filed a request with FERC seeking approval to update its transmission rates and change the manner in
which PECO ’s transmis sion rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate. The formu la rate will be updated annually to
ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing transmission services. PECO’ s initial formula rate filing
included a requested increase of  $22 million to PECO’ s annual trans mission revenue requirement, which reflected a ROE of  11%,
inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a RTO. On June 27, 2017, FERC issued an Order accepting the filing and
suspending the proposed rates until December  1, 2017, subject to refund, and set the matter for hearing and settlement judge
procedures.
On December 5, 2019, FERC issued an Order accepting without modification the settlement agreement filed by PECO and other
parties in July 2019. The settlement results in an increase of approximately $14 million with a return on rate base of 7.62%
compared to PECO's initial formula rate filing and allows for an ROE of 10.35% , inclusive of a 50 basis  point adder for being a
member of the RTO. The settlement did not have a material impact on PECO's 2017, 2018, or 2019 annual transmission revenue
requirements. PECO will update its rates in 2020 and refund estimated overcollections totaling approximately $28 million related to
the amounts billed under the proposed rates in ef fect since 2017.
Pursuant to the transmis sion formula rate request discussed above, PECO made its annual formula rate updates in May 2018 and
2019, which included a decrease of $6 million  and an increase of $8 million , respectively , to the annual transmission revenue
requirement. The updated transmission formula rates were ef fective on June 1, 2018 and 2019, respectively , subject to refund.
Cost Management Programs
Exelon continues to be committed to managing its costs. On October 31, 2019, Exelon announced additional annual cost savings of
approximately $100 million, at Generation, to be achieved by 2022. These actions are in response to the continuing economic
challenges confronting Generation’ s business, necessitating continued focus on cost management through enhanced efficiency and
productivity .
FERC Order on the PJM MOPR
On Decemb er 19, 2019, FERC issued an order directing PJM to extend the MOPR to include new and existing resources, including
nuclear , that receive state subsidies, effective as of PJM’ s next capacity auction. Unless Illinois and New Jersey can implement an
FRR program in their PJM zones, the MOPR will apply to Generation's nuclear plants in those states receiving ZEC benefits,
resulting in higher offers for those units that may not clear the capacity market. On January 21, 2020, Exelon, PJM and a number of
other entities submitted individual requests for rehearing. Exelon is currently working with PJM and other stakeholders to pursue the
FRR option but cannot predict whether the legislative and regulatory changes can be implement ed prior to the next capacity auction
in PJM. If Generation’ s state-supported nuclear plants in PJM or NYISO are subjected to the MOPR without compensation under an
FRR or similar program, it could have a material adverse impact on Exelon's and Generation's financial
66
Table of Contents
statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Early Plant Retirements
Oyster Cree k. Generation permanentl y ceased generation operations at Oyster Creek on September 17, 2018. On July 31, 2018,
Generation entered into an agreement with Holtec International and its wholly owned subsi diary , Oyster Creek Environmental
Protection, LLC, for the sale and decommissi oning of Oyster Creek. The sale was comple ted on July 1, 2019. Exelon and
Generation recognized a loss on the sale in the third quarter 2019, which was immaterial. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and
Dispositions  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Three Mile Island.  Gene ration permanently ceased operations at TMI on September 20, 2019. As a result of the decision to early
retire TMI, Exelon and Generation recorded a $176 million  incremental pre-tax net charge for the year ended December 31, 2019
primarily due to accelerated depreciation of the plant assets, partially offset by a benefit associated with the remeasurement of the
TMI ARO in the first quarter of 2019.
Salem.  In 2017, PSEG announced that its New Jersey nuclear plants, including Salem, of which Generation owns a 42.59%
ownership interest, were showing increased signs of economic distress, which could lead to an early retirement. PSEG is the
operator of Salem and also has the decision- making authority to retire Salem. In 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that
established a ZEC program that provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certain
requirements, including that they make a signific ant contribution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient to
cover their costs and risks. On April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the award of ZECs to Salem Unit 1 and Salem Unit 2. Assuming
the continued effectiveness of the New Jersey ZEC program, Generation no longer considers Salem to be at heightened risk for
early retirement.
Dresden, Byron and Braidwood.  Generation’ s Dresden, Byron and Braidwood nuclear plants in Illinois are also showing increased
signs of economic distress, which could lead to an early retirement, in a market that does not currently compensate them for their
unique contr ibution to grid resiliency and their ability to produce large amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. The May
2018 PJM capacity auction for the 2021-2022 planning year resulted in the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in
the auction, including all of Dresden, and portions of Byron and Braidwood. Exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state
policy solutions, while also advocating for broader market reforms at the regional and federal level.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters , Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  and Note 9 — Asset Retire ment Obliga tions  of the Comb ined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
CENG Put Option
On November 20, 2019, Generation received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercise the put option and sell its 49.99%  equity interest
in CENG to Generation and the put automaticall y exercised on January 19, 2020 at the end of the sixty-day advance notice period.
Under the terms of the Put Option, the purchase  price is to be determined by agreement of the parties, or absent such agreement,
by a third-party arbitratio n process. Any resulting sale would be subject to the approval of the NYPSC, the FERC and the NRC. The
process and regulatory approvals could take one to two years or more to complete. See Note 2 - Mergers, Acquisitions and
Dispositions  for additional information.
Conowingo Hydroelectric Project
In connection with Gene ration’ s pursuit of a new FERC license for Conowingo, on October 29, 2019, Generation and MDE filed with
FERC a Joint Offer of Settlement that would resolve all outstanding issues between the parties, effective upon and subject to
FERC’ s approval and incorporation of the terms into the new license when issued. The financial impact of this settlement, along with
other anticipated and prior license commitments, would be recognized over the term of the new 50-year license and is estimated to
be, on average, $11 million  to $14 million  per year, including capit al and operating costs. The actual timing and amount of a majority
of these costs are not currently fixed and will vary from year to year throughout the life of the new license. Generation cannot
currently predict when FERC will issue the new license. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Pacific Gas & Electric Bankruptcy
67
Table of Contents
Generation’ s Antelope Valley, a 242 MW solar facility in Lancaster , CA, sells all of its output to PG&E through a PPA. On January 29,
2019, PG&E filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. As of December 31, 2019 , Generation had
approximately $725 million  and $485 million  of net long-lived assets and nonrecourse debt outstanding, respectively , related to
Antelope Valley. PG&E’ s bankruptcy created an event of default for Antelope Valley’ s nonrecourse debt that provides the lender with
a right to accelerate amounts outstanding under the loan such that they would become immedia tely due and payable. As a result of
the ongoing event of default and the absence of a waiver from the lender foregoing their acceleration rights, the debt was
reclassified as current in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets in the first quarter of 2019 and continues to be
classified as current as of December 31, 2019 .
In the first quarter of 2019, Generation assessed and determined that Antelope Valley’ s long-lived assets were not impaired.
Significant changes in assumptions such as the likelihood of the PPA being rejected as part of the bankruptcy proceedings could
potentially result in future impairments of Antelo pe Valley's net long-lived assets, which could be material. Generation is monitoring
the bankrupt cy proceedings for any changes in circumstances that would indicate the carrying amount of the net long-lived assets of
Antelope V alley may not be recoverable.
See Note 11 — Asset Impair ments  and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on the PG&E bankruptcy .
Exelon’s Strategy and Outlook for 2020 and Beyond
Exelon’ s value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and its core strengths of operational excellence and
financial discipline. Exelon leverages its integrat ed business model to create value. Exelon’ s regulated and competitive businesses
feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, of fer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•The Utility Registrants provide a foundation for steadily growing earnings, which translates to a stable currency in our
stock.
•Generation’ s competitive businesses provide free cash flow to invest primarily in the utilities and to reduce debt.
Exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry expe riencing fundamental and sweeping
change.
Exelon’ s utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking
mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. The Utility Registrants only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to
customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. The Utility
Registrants make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. Exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise
across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved
operational and financial results. Additionally , the Utility Registrants anticipate making significa nt future investments in smart grid
technology , transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projec ts, providing greater reliability and
improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company .
Generation’ s competitive  businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean and
affordable energy. Gene ration’ s electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and generation
to load matching to reduce earnings volatility . Generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both
wholesale and retail customers. Generation’ s customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-
related products and services for its customers. Generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated
hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility . Its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at
high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity . These factors help Generation mitigate the current
challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
Exelon’ s financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of the Registrants, to maintain optimal capital
structure and to return value to Exelon’ s shareholders with an attractive dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and
through stable earnings growth.
68
Table of Contents
As part of its strategic business planning proces s, Exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy , dividend policy , operating and capital
costs, capita l spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing
various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes
in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved a dividend policy providing a raise of 5% each year for the period  covering 2018 through 2020,
beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
Various market, financial, regulatory , legislative and operational factors could affect the Registrants' success in pursuing their
strategies. Exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy , and legal solutions to these issues. One key
issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which Exelon is actively pursuing
in a variety of jurisdictions and venues. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  for additional informatio n regarding market and financial
factors.
Exelon continues to be committed to managing its costs. In November 2017, Exelon announce d a commitment for $250 million of
cost savings, primarily at Generation, to be achieved by 2020. In November 2018, Exelon announced the elimination of an
approximately additional $200 million  of annual ongoing costs, through initiatives primarily at Generation and BSC, by 2021.
Approximately $150 million  is expected to be related to Generation, with the remaining amount related to the Utility Regist rants. In
October 2019, Exelon announced additional annual cost savings of approximately $100 million , at Generation, to be achieved by
2022. These actions are in response to the continuing economic challenges confronting Generation's business, necessitating
continued focus on cost management through enhanced ef ficiency and productivity .
Growth Opportunities
Management continually  evaluates growth oppo rtunities aligned with Exelon’ s businesses, assets and markets, leveraging Exelon’ s
expertise in those areas and of fering sustainable returns.
Regulated Energy Businesses.  The Utility Registrants anticipate investing approximately $26 billion  over the next four years in
electric and natural gas infrastructure improvem ents and modernization projects, including smart grid technology , storm hardening,
advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of
approximately $13 billion  by the end of 2023. The Utility Registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the
community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. These investments are made
at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
Smart Meter and Smart Grid Investments and infrastructure development and enhancement programs.
Competitive Energy Businesses.  Generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets
as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. Generation’ s long-term growth strategy is to
ensure appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that
provide generation to load matching as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic
investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies
Utility Rates and Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission
and distribut ion, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The outcomes of these
regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. See
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
regulatory proceedings.
69
Table of Contents
Power Markets
Price of Fuels
The use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places
downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in
Exelon’ s revenues. Forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in
supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
FERC Inquiry on Resiliency
On August 23, 2017, the DOE staff released its report on the reliability of the electric grid. One aspect of the wide-ranging report is
the DOE’s recognition that the electricity marke ts do not currently value the resiliency provided  by base-load generation, such as
nuclear plants. On Septe mber 28, 2017, the DOE issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOP R) that would entitle certain eligible
resilient generating units (i.e., those located in organized markets, with a 90-day supply of fuel on site, not already subject to state
cost of service regulatio n and satisfying certain other requirements) to recover fully allocated costs and earn a fair return on equity
on their investment. On January 8, 2018, FERC issued an order terminating the rulemaking docket that it initiated to address the
proposed rule in the DOE NOPR, concluding the proposed rule did not sufficiently demonstrate there is a resiliency issue and that it
proposed a remedy that did not appear to be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory as required under the Federal Power Act. At the
same time, FERC initiated a new proceeding to consider resiliency challenges to the bulk power system and evaluate whether
additional FERC action to address resiliency would be appropriate. FERC directed each RTO and ISO to respond within 60 days to
24 specific questions about how they assess and mitigate threats to resiliency . Thereafter , interested parties submitted reply
comments on May 9, 2018, and a few parties submitted further replies. Exelon has been and will continue to be an active participant
in these proceedings but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Section 232 Uranium Petition
On January 16, 2018, two Canadian-owned uranium mining companies with operations in the U.S. jointly submitted a petition to the
U.S. Department of Com merce (DOC) seeking relief under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, (the Act)
from imports of uranium  products, alleging that these imports threaten national security (the Petition). The relief requested would
have required U.S. nucle ar reactors to purchase  at least 25% of their uranium needs from domestic mines for the next 10 years or
more. The Act was promulgated by Congress to protect essential national security industrie s whose survival is threatened by
imports. As such, the Act authorizes the Secreta ry of Commerce (the Secretary) to conduct investigations to evaluate the effects of
imports of any item on the national security of the U.S. The Petition alleges that the loss of a viable U.S. uranium mining industry
would have a significant detrimental impact on the national, energy , and economic security of the U.S. and the ability of the country
to sustain an independent nuclear fuel cycle.
On July 18, 2018, the Secretary announced that the DOC had initiated an investigation in response to the petition. The Secretary
submitted a report to President Trump on April 14, 2019 that has not been made public. On July 12, 2019, the President issued a
memorandum indicating that he did not agree with the Secretary's finding that uranium imports threaten to impair the national
security of the United States, choosing not to impose any trade restrictions at this time.The President found that a fuller analysis of
national security considerations with respect to the entire nuclear fuel supply chain is necessar y and directed that a United States
Nuclear Fuel Working Group (Working Group) be established to develop recommendations for reviving and expanding domestic
nuclear fuel production. The Working Group report has not yet been issued and is not expected to be made public. The Working
Group is co-chaired by the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs and the Assistant to the President for Economic
Policy . Exelon will moni tor and volunteer to provide information to support the Working Grou p's efforts. Exelon and Generation
cannot currently predict the outcome of the W orking Group report and subsequent actions.
Complaint at FERC Seeking to Alter Capacity Market Default Of fer Caps
On Februar y 21, 2019, PJM's Independent Market Monitor (IMM) filed a complaint alleging that the number of performance
assessment intervals used to calculate the default offer cap for bids to supply capacity in PJM is too high, resulting in an overstated
default offer cap that obviates the need for most sellers to seek unit-specific approval of their offers. The IMM claims that this allows
for the exercise of market power . The IMM asks FERC to require PJM to reduce the number of performance assessment intervals
used to calculate the opportunity costs of a capacity
70
Table of Contents
supplier assuming a capacity obligation. This would, in turn, lower the default offer cap and allow the IMM to review more offers on a
unit-specific basis. It is too early to predict the final outcome of this proceeding or its potential financial impact, if any, on Exelon or
Generation.
Energy Demand
Modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in relatively flat load growth in electricity for the
Utility Registrants. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepc o, DPL and ACE are projecting load volumes to increase (decrease) by (0.3)% ,
(0.7)% , (1.2)% , (0.4)% , (0.5)%  and (0.4)% , respectively , in 2020  compared to 2019 .
Retail Competition
Generation’ s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that Generation can
earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. Forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect
retail compe titors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including Generation) will
continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
Hedging Strategy
Exelon’ s policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of
market price  volatility . Generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio.
Generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap
options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counte rparties, to hedge this anticipated
exposure. As of December 31, 2019 , the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York and
ERCOT  reportable segm ents is 91%-94% and 61%-64% for 2020  and 2021 , respectivel y. Generatio n has been and will continue to
be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk.
Generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies
are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. Approximately 60% of
Generation’ s uranium concentrate requirements  from 2020  through 2024  are supplied by three suppliers. In the event of non-
performance by these or other suppliers, Generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at
prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agree ments. Non-performance by these
counterparties could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s results of operations, cash flows and financial
positions.
See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and ITEM 7A.
QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  for additional information.
The Utility Registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs
from retail customers.
Environmental Legislative and Regulatory Developments
Exelon was actively involved in the Obama Administration’ s development and implementation of environmental regulations for the
electric industry, in pursuit of its business strategy to provide reliable, clean, affordable and innovative energy products. These efforts
have most frequently involved air, water and waste controls for fossil-fueled electric generating units, as set forth in the discussion
below . Thes e regulation s have had a disproportionate adverse impact on coal-fired power plant s, requiring significant expenditures
of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and have resulted in the retiremen t of older , marginal facilities. Due to
its low emission generation portfolio, Generation has not been significantly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive
advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil fuel plants.
Through the issuance of a series of Executive Orders (EO), President Trump has initiated review of a number of EPA and other
regulations issued during the Obama Administration, with the expectation that the Administration will seek repeal or significant
revision of these rules . Under these EOs, each executive agency is required to evaluate existing regulations and make
recommendations regarding repeal, replacement, or modification. The
71
Table of Contents
Administration’ s actions are intended to result in less stringent compliance requirements under air, water , and waste regulations. The
exact nature, extent, and timing of the regulatory changes are unknown, as well as the ultimate impact on Exelon’ s and its
subsidiaries results of operations and cash flows.
In particular , the Administration has targeted existing EPA regulations for repeal, including notably the Clean Power Plan, as well as
revoking many Executive Orders, reports, and guidance issued by the Obama Administration on the topic of climate change or the
regulation of greenhouse gases. The Executive Order also disbanded the Interagency Working Group that developed the social cost
of carbon used in rulemakings, and withdrew all technical support documents supporting the calculation. Other regulations that have
been specifically identified for review are the Clean Water Act rule relating to jurisdictional waters of the U.S., the Steam Electric
Effluent Guidelines relating to waste water discharges from coal-fired power plants, and the 2015 National Ambient Air Quality
Standard (NAAQS) for ozone. The review of final rules could extend over several years as formal notice and comment rulemaking
process proceeds.
Air Quality
Mercury and Air Toxics Standard Rule (MATS). On December 16, 2011, the EPA signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic
air pollutants from powe r plants and signed revisions to the NSPS for electric generating units. The final rule, known as MATS,
requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury , acid gases and other metals, and to make
capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. Numerous entities challenged MATS in the
D.C. Circuit Court, and Exelon intervened in support of the rule. In April 2014, the D.C. Circuit  Court issued an opinion upholding
MATS in its entirety . On appeal, the U.S. Supreme Court decided in June 2015 that the EPA unreasonably refused to consider costs
in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants emitted by electric utilities, but did not
vacate the rule. On April 27, 2017, the D.C. Circuit Court granted EPA’s motion to hold the litigation in abeyance, pending EPA’s
review of the MATS rule pursuant to President Trump’ s EO discussed above. Notwithstanding the Court’ s order to hold the litigation
in abeyance, the MATS rule remains in effect. Exelon will continue to participate in the remanded proceedings before the D.C. Circuit
Court as an intervenor in support of the rule. On December 28, 2018, the EPA proposed to revoke the "appropriate and necessary"
finding underpinning the MATS rule. While the proposal would leave in place the rule, it would leave it vulnerable to future legal
challenge. On February 7, 2019, EPA published its Reconsideration of Supplemental Finding and Residual Risk and Technology
Review . After considering public comment, EPA transmitted a final version to the Office of Mana gement and Budget for review prior
to publication.
Clean Power Plan.  On April 28, 2017, the D.C. Circuit Court issued orders in separate litigation related to the EPA’s actions under
the Clean Power Plan (CPP) to amend Clean Air Act Section 111(d) regulation of existing fossil-fired electric generating units and
Section 111(b) regulation of new fossil-fired electric generating units. In both cases, the Court has determined to hold the litigation in
abeyance pending a determination whether the rule should be remanded to the EPA. In June  2019, EPA issued a final rule that
repealed the CPP, and finalized the Affordable Clean Energy rule to replace the CPP with less stringent emissions guidelines based
on heat rate improvement measures that could  be achieved within the fence line of existing power plants. The Affordable Clean
Energy rule is currently being litigated.
2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS).  On April 11, 2017, the D.C. Circuit Court ordered that the
consolidated 2015 ozone NAAQS litigation be held in abeyance pending EPA’s further review of the 2015 Rule. On August 23, 2019,
the D.C. Circuit Court upheld the stringency of NAAQS, but remanded certain aspects of its secondary standard to EP A for revision.
Primary SO2 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS).  EPA took final action on April 17, 2019 to retain the current
primary SO2 standard without revision, leaving the standard established in 2010 in ef fect.
Climate Change.  Exelo n supports comprehensive climate chang e legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for
GHG emissi ons, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national
GHG emissions. In the absence of Federal legislation, the EPA is moving forward with the regulation of GHG emissions under the
Clean Air Act. In additio n, there have been recent developments in the international regulation of GHG emissions pursuant to the
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (“UNFCCC” or “Convention”). See ITEM 1. BUSINESS , "Glob al Climate
Change" for additional information.
72
Table of Contents
Water Quality
Section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to
minimize adverse enviro nmental impacts and is implemented through state-level NPDES permit programs. All of Generation’ s power
generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. Facilities withou t closed-cycle recirculating systems
(e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. For Generation, those facilities are Calvert
Cliffs, Clinto n, Dresden, Eddystone, Fairless Hills, FitzPatrick, Ginna, Gould Street, Handley , Mystic 7, Nine Mile Point Unit 1, Peach
Bottom, Quad Cities, and Salem. See ITEM 1.  BUSINESS , "Water Quality" for additional information.
Clean W ater Rule
In 2015, the EPA and the US Army Corps of Engineers, finalized the Clean Water Rule that significantly expanded the definition of
the Waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act and resulted in increased environmental costs for some projects. On
October 22, 2019, the EPA and the US Army Corps of Engineers repealed the 2015 Clean Water Rule and restored the definition of
the Waters of the United States that existed prior to this rule. On January 23, 2020, a new final rule was issued by the EPA and the
US Army Corps of Engineers to streamline and clarify the definition of Waters of the United States and will be effective sixty days
after publication in the Federal Register . This rule represents final action by these government agencies to narrow the scope of
Waters of the United States that are regulated under the federal Clean W ater Act.
Solid and Hazardous W aste
In October 2015, the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (CCR) from power plants became effective.
The rule classifies CCR  as non-hazardous waste under RCRA. Under the regulation, CCR will continue to be regulated by most
states subject to coordination with the federal regulations. Generation has previously recorded accruals consistent with state
regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
results. Generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential likelihood or magnitude of any
remediation requirements that may be asserted under the new federal regulations for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by
Generation. For these reasons, Generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent it may ultimately be held responsible for
remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations.
See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information related to environmental matters.
Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments
Illinois Clean Energy Progress Act
On March 14, 2019, the Clean Energy Progress Act was introduced in the Illinois General Assembly to preserve Illinois’  clean energy
choices arising from FEJA  and empower the IPA to conduct capacity procurements outside of PJM’ s base residual auction process,
while utilizing the fixed resource requirement provisions in PJM's tariffs which are still subjec t to penalties and other obligations
under the PJM tariffs. The most significant provisions of the proposed legislation are as follows: (1) it allows the IPA to procure
capacity directly from clean energy resources that have previously sold ZECs or RECs, including certain of Generation’ s nuclear
plants in Illinois, or from new clean energy resources, (2) it establishes a goal of achieving 100% carbon-free power in the ComEd
service territory by 2032 , and (3) it implements reforms to enhance consumer protections in the state’ s competitive retail electricity
and natural gas markets, including Generation’ s retail customers. Energy legislation has also been proposed by other stakeholders,
including renewable resource developers, environmental advocates, and coal-fueled generators. Exelon and Generation will work
with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Nuclear Powers Act of 2019
On April 12, 2019, the Nuclear Powers America Act of 2019 was introduced to the United States Congress, which expands the
current investment tax credit to existing nuclear power plants. The proposed legislation would  provide a credit equal to 30% of
continued capital investment in certain nuclear energy-related expenditures, including capital expenses and nuclear fuel, starting
from tax years 2019 through 2023. Thereafter , the credit rate would be reduced to 26% in 2024, 22% in 2025, and 10% in 2026 and
beyond. To qualify for the credit, the plant must be
73
Table of Contents
currently operational and must have applied for an operating license renewal before 2026.  Exelon and Generation are working with
legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP  requires that management apply accounting policies and make
estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial
statements. Management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or
incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Additional
information of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon and Generation)
Generation’ s ARO associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $10.5 billion  at December 31, 2019 . The authoritative
guidance requires that Generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. To estimate
that liability , Generation  uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit
basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
As a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry , nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more
information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. At the same time, regulators are gaining more information about
decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirem ents. In addition, as more nuclear
plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in
decommissioning costs. The availability of NDT funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. Additionally , certain
factors such as changes  in regulatory requirem ents during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the
timing of plant retirements. These factors could  result in material changes to Generation’ s current estimates as more information
becomes available and could change the timing  of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome
scenarios.
The nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key
assumptions for the expected timing and/or estim ated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the
nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
Decommissioning Cost Studies. Generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment
of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current
decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. Decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis,
for each of Generation’ s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. As part of the
annual cost study update process, Generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs
to determine  if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the AROs across
the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
Cost Escalation Factors. Generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the
decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. Cost escalation
studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor ,
equipment and materials, energy , LLRW dispos al and other costs. All of the nuclear AROs are adjusted each year for the updated
cost escalation factors.
Probabilistic Cash Flow Models. Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various
scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis.
Probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% highe r (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower
(low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. The assumed decommissioning scenarios include the following three alternatives:
(1) DECON which assumes decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2) Shortened SAFST OR
generally has a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities, and (3) SAFST OR which assumes the nuclear facility is
placed and
74
Table of Contents
maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated generally within 60
years after cessation of operations. In each decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferr ed to dry cask storage as soon as
possible until DOE acceptance for disposal.
The actual decommissio ning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by Generation at the time of
shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the nuclear  decommissioning trust fund at the
time of shutdown.
The assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the
original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended 60-year nuclear license term (regardless
of whether such 20-year  license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal
for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and
regulatory environments. The successful operation of nuclear plants in the U.S. beyond the initial 40-year license terms has
prompted the NRC to consider regulatory and technical requirements for potential plant operatio ns for an 80-year nuclear operating
term. As power market and regulatory environment developments occur , Generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary , the
impacts of such developments into its nuclear ARO assumptions and estimates.
Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of DOE acceptance of SNF for disposal.
Generation currently assumes DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2030. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on
management’ s estimates of the amount of time required for DOE to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure
for long-term SNF storage. For additional information regarding the estimated date that DOE will begin accepting SNF, see Note 18
— Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Discount Rates. The probability-weighted  estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using
credit-adjusted, risk-free  rates (CARFR) applicab le to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated.
Generation initially recognizes an ARO at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash
flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions. The ARO is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in
the CARFR that occur in isolation. Increases in the ARO as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are
considered new obligations and are measured using a current CARFR as the increase creates a new cost layer within the ARO. Any
decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the ARO are treated as a modification of an existing ARO cost
layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical CARFR rates used in creat ing the initial ARO cost layers. If
Generation’ s future nominal cash flows associat ed with the ARO were to be discounted at current prevailing CARFR, the obligation
would increase from approximately $10.5 billion  to approximately $13.2 billion .
The following table illustrates the significant impa ct that changes in the CARFR, when combined  with changes in projected amounts
and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the ARO (dollars in millions):
Change in the CARFR applied to the annual ARO updateIncrease (Decrease) to ARO at
December 31, 2019
2018 CARFR rather than the 2019 CARFR $ (820)
2019 CARFR increased by 50 basis points (390)
2019 CARFR decreased by 50 basis points 390
75
Table of Contents
ARO Sensitivities. Changes in the assumptions underlying the ARO could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. The
impact to the ARO of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may
correspondingly change.
The following table illustrates the effects of changing certain ARO assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars
in millions):
Change in ARO AssumptionIncrease to ARO at
December 31, 2019
Cost escalation studies
Uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points $ 2,250
Probabilistic cash flow models
Increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent 910
Increase the likelihood of the DECON scenario by 10 percent and decrease the likelihood of the
SAFST OR scenario by 10 percent(a)550
Shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent(b)1,570
Extend the estimated date for DOE acceptance of SNF to 2035 350
__________
(a)Excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
(b)Excludes any retired sites.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies , Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  and Note 9 — Asset Retire ment Obligations  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for nuclear AROs.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd and PHI)
As of December 31, 2019 , Exelon’ s $6.7 billion  carrying amount of goodwill consists of $2.6 billion  at ComEd, $4 billion  at PHI and
immaterial amounts at Generation and DPL. These entities are required to perform an assessm ent for possible impairment of their
goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the
fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating
segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment. ComEd has a single operating segment
and reportin g unit. PHI’s operating segments and reporting units are Pepco, DPL and ACE. See Note 5 — Segment Information  of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Exelon's and ComEd’ s goodwill has been
assigned entirely to the ComEd reporting unit. Exelon's and PHI’s goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting
units in the amounts of $2.1 billion , $1.4 billion  and $0.5 billion , respectivel y. See Note 12 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
Application of the good will impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco's, DPL's
and ACE's businesses and the fair value of debt.  In applying the second step, if needed, management must estimate the fair value of
specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to
changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s,
ComEd's or PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material. Based on the results of the
76
Table of Contents
last annual quantitative goodwill tests performed as of November 1, 2016 and November 1, 2018 for ComEd and PHI, respectively ,
the estimate d fair values of the ComEd, Pepco,  DPL and ACE reporting units would have needed to decrease by more than 30%,
30%, 20% and 30%, respectively , for ComEd and PHI to fail the first step of their respective impairment tests.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 12 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements for additional information.
Purchase Accounting (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition.
The difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as
goodwill on the balance  sheet if the purchase price exceeds the estimated net fair value or as a bargain purchase gain on the
income statement if the purchase price is less than the estimated net fair value. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed requires management’ s judgment, often utilizes independent valuation expert s and involves the use of significant
estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices
and asset lives, among other items. The judgments made in the determination of the estimate d fair value assigned to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability , could
significantly impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. The
allocation of the purchas e price may be modified up to one year after the acquisition date as more information is obtained about the
fair value of assets acqu ired and liabilities assumed. If the transaction is determined to be an asset acquisition the purchase price is
allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilitie s assumed and no goodwill or bargain purchase gain would be recorded.  See Note
2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Unamortized Energy Contract Assets and Liabilities (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
Unamortized energy contract assets and liabilitie s represent the remaining unamortized balance s of non-derivative energy contracts
that Generation has acquired and the electricity contracts Exelon has acquired as part of the PHI merger . The initial amount
recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. At Exelon and PHI, offsetting regulatory assets or
liabilities were also recorded for those energy contract costs that are probable of recovery or refund through customer rates. The
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively , are amortized
over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. Amortization of the unamortized
energy contr act assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on
the nature of the underly ing contract. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters , Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note
12 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants)
All Registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets and asset groups for recoverability whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of potential
impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the
asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a short period of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology , plans
to dispose of a long-liv ed asset significantly before the end of its useful life, and financial distress of a third party for assets
contracted with them on a long-term basis, among others.
The review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and
estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. For the generation business,
forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of
fuel and the expected operations of assets. A variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the
recoverability of an asse t or asset group and, thus, could potentially result in material future impairments. An impairment evaluation
is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are
largely indep endent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For the generation business, the lowest level of independent
cash flows is determine d by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the
hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or
77
Table of Contents
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. The cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio
level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related
intangible assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. In certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis
where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets
(typically contracted renewables). For such assets the financial viability of the third party , includ ing the impact of bankruptcy on the
contract, may be a significant assumption in the assessment.
On a quarterly basis, Generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. If indicators are present
for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is
performed. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not
recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant’ s
view of the exit price of the assets. This includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets
and market discount rates. Events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between
prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. The determination of fair value is driven
by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts,
projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and
industry sources.
See Note 11 — Asset Impairments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of asset
impairment assessments.
Depreciable Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment (All Registrants)
The Registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution
assets. These assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite or unitary methods of
depreciation. The group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have approxima tely the same useful lives and the
composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates
the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. The estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment,
supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. Depreciation studies are generally completed
every five years, or more  frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory actio n, or change in retirement patterns
indicate an update is necessary .
For the Utility Registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowe d in customer rates for recovery of
depreciation costs. Generally , the Utility Registr ants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with
adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align
with management’ s judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been upda ted on a timely basis. Depreciation
expense and customer rates for ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE includes an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and
removing plant from service upon retirement. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE
related to removal costs.
PECO’ s removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the
life of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method. Estimates for such removal costs are also
evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
At Generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and
generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating
facilities. See Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets
could have a significant impact on the Registrants’  future results of operations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the
property , plant and equipment of the Registrants.
78
Table of Contents
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans for substantially all current
employees. The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the
development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. When developing the required assumptions,
Exelon cons iders historic al information as well as future expectations. The measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected
by several assumptions  including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan
assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, Exelon’ s expected level of contribu tions to the plans, the incidence of
participant mortality , the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation
increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans,
among others. The assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. Exelon
amortizes actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-
related value (MR V) of plan assets over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
Pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including U.S. and international securities, and fixed
income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds.
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets. In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including
inflation and GDP  growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance,
weighted by Exelon’ s target asset class allocations. Exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and other
postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the EROA  by the MRV of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into
consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. In determining MRV, the authoritative
guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in
fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. For the majority of pension plan assets, Exelon uses a
calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected MRV of plan assets. Use of this calculated
value approa ch enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. For
other postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, Exelon uses fair value to calculate the MR V.
Discount Rate. At December 31, 2019  and 2018 , the discount rates were  determined by develop ing a spot rate curve based on the
yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to
the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. The spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit
distribution amounts under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The discount rate is the single level rate that
produces the same result as the spot rate curve. Exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed  by its actuaries to determine the
discount rates.
Mortality . The mortalit y assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . Exelon’ s mortality
assumption is supported by an actuarial experien ce study of Exelon's plan participants and beginning in 2019, utilizes the Society of
Actuaries' 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2019  improvement scale adjusted to a 0.75%  long-term rate reached in 2035.
79
Table of Contents
Sensitivity to Changes in Key Assumptions . The following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial
assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
 Actual Assumption     
Actuarial Assumption Pension OPEBChange in
Assumption Pension OPEB  Total
Change in 2019 cost:       
Discount rate (a)4.31% 4.30% 0.5%  $ (47)$ (14) $ (61)
 4.31% 4.30% (0.5)%  47 13 60
EROA 7.00% 6.67% 0.5%  (88) (11) (99)
 7.00% 6.67% (0.5)%  88 11 99
Change in benefit obligation at
December 31, 2019:       
Discount rate (a)3.34% 3.31% 0.5%  (1,244 ) (247) (1,491 )
 3.34% 3.31% (0.5)%  1,316 261  1,577
__________
(a)In general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves
closer to 0%. Therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the
discount rate. Additionally, Exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. The sensitivities shown above do
not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
See Note 14 — Retirement Benefits  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
Regulatory Accounting (Exelon and Utility Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, Exelon and the Utility Registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in
their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are
established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or
products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers.
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such
amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved
regulatory programs. If it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed
above, Exelon and the Utility Registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the
impact would be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and could be material.
The following table illustrates the gains (losses) that could result from the elimination of regulato ry assets and liabilities and charges
against OCI (dollars in millions before taxes) related to deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and other postretirement
benefit plans that are recorded as regulatory assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets:
December 31, 2019 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco  DPL  ACE
Gain (loss) $ 887  $ 4,981  $ 6$ 591 $ (696)$ (18) $ 337  $ (43)
Charge against OCI(a)$ 3,864  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
___________
(a)Exelon's charge against OCI (before taxes) consists of up to $2.3 billion, $176 million, $176 million, $396 million, $191 million and $86 million
related to ComEd's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and
other postretirement benefit plans. Exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(44) million (before taxes) related to PECO’s portion of the
deferred costs associated with Exelon’s other postretirement benefit plans that would result in an increase in OCI if reversed.
80
Table of Contents
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information regarding
regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of Exelon and the Utility Registrants.
For each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, Exelon and the Utility Registr ants assess whether the regulatory
assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when
regulatory events occur . This assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar
costs in each Registran t's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. If the
assessments and estimates made by Exelon and the Utility Registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately
different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
Refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with
ICC-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for ComEd, and FERC transmission formula rate tariffs for the
Utility Registrants.
Accounting for Derivative Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registra nts use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk
related to ongoing business operations. The Registrants’  derivative activities are in accordanc e with Exelon’ s Risk Management
Policy (RMP ). See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
The Registrants account for derivative financia l instruments under the applicable authoritative  guidance. Determining whether a
contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as
well as deter mining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. Changes in management’ s
assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded
contracts becoming in scope to new authoritative guidance.
All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected
under , NPNS . Derivatives entered into for economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes are recorded at fair value through
earnings. For economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the Utility Registrants, changes in the fair value
each period  are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability  given likelihood of recovering the
associated costs through customer rates.
Normal Purchases and Normal Sales Exception. As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters into
contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term
commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability
to deliver or take delivery . While some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative
guidance, certain of these qualifying transaction s have been designated by Generation as NPN S transactions, which are thus not
required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. Determining  whether a contract qualifies for the
NPNS requir es judgmen t on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of
the associated qualification and documentation  requirements. Revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as NPNS are
recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. Contracts that qualify for the NPNS are those for which physical
delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time
and the contract is not financially settled on a net basis. The contracts that ComEd has entered into with suppliers as part of
ComEd’ s energy procur ement process, PECO’ s full requirement contracts under the PAPUC-approved DSP program, most of
PECO’ s natural gas supply agreements, all of BGE’ s full requirement contracts and natura l gas supply agreements that are
derivatives and certain Pepco, DPL  and ACE full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the NPNS.
Commodity Contracts. Identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires Generation to determine that the
contract is in accordance  with the RMP . Generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regula r basis to determine if they continue
to be within the guidelines of the RMP .
As a part of the authorita tive guidance, the Registrants make estimates and assumptions conce rning future commodity prices, load
requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the
expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative
81
Table of Contents
transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. Under the authoritative guidance for fair
value measu rements, the Registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value.
Derivative contracts are traded in both exchang e-based and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are
valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy .
Certain derivatives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter , on-line
exchanges. The price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the Registrants believe provide the
most liquid market for the commodity . The price  quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and
representative of an orderly transaction between  market participants. The Registrant’ s derivative s are traded predominately at liquid
trading points. The remaining derivative contrac ts are valued using models that consider input s such as contract terms, including
maturity , and market parameters, and assumptio ns of the future prices of energy , interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness and credit
spread. For derivatives that trade in liquid mark ets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally
observable. Such instruments are categorized in Level 2.
For derivativ es that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both
observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in Level 3.
The Registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical
and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. The impacts of nonperformance and credit
risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  and Note 17 — Fair Value of Financial
Assets and Liabilities  and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the Registrants’  derivative instruments.
Taxation (All Registrants)
Significant management judgment is required in determining the Registrants’  provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the
uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. The Registrants
account for uncertain income tax positions using  a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-
not recogniti on threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax bene fit that is greater than 50% likely of
being realize d upon ultimate settlement. Manag ement evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and
circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant
information. Significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate
amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants evaluate quarterly the probabili ty of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income
and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary , to realize deferred tax assets. The Registrants also
assess negative evidence, such as the expirat ion of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the
Registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. Based on the combined assessment, the Registrants record valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
Actual incom e taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various  items, including future changes in
income tax laws, the Registrants’  forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax
planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. See Note 13 — Income
Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies (All Registrants)
In the preparation of their financial statements, the Registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events
and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information.
The amount recorded may dif fer from the actual expense incurred when the
82
Table of Contents
uncertainty is resolved. Such dif ference could have a significant impact in the Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
Environmental Costs. Environmental investigat ion and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number
of sites for which the Registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs
that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology , regulations and the
requirements of local governmental authorities. Annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at ComEd, PECO, BGE and DPL to
determine future remediation requirements for MGP  sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly . In addition, periodic reviews are
performed at each of the Registrants to asses s the adequacy of other environmental reserves. These matters, if resolved in a
manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements. See Note
18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other , Including Personal Injury Claims. The Registrants are self-insured for general liability , automotive liability , workers’
compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance
maintained. The Registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported
(IBNR). The IBNR reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually . Future events, such
as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties
surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than
estimated. Accordingly , these claims, if resolve d in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact in the
Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
Revenue Recognition (All Registrants)
Sources of Revenue and Determination of Accounting Treatment. The Registr ants earn revenues from various business
activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capac ity, and other commodities in non-
regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of
other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
The account ing treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative
guidance. The Registrants primarily apply the Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Derivativ e and Alternative Revenue Program
(ARP) guidance to recognize revenue as discussed in more detail below .
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The Registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations
within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power , natur al gas, and other energy-related
commodities are physically delivered to the customer . Transactions of the Registrants within the scope of Revenue from Contracts
with Custom ers general ly include non-derivative agreements, contracts that are designated as NPNS, sales to utility customers
under regulated service tarif fs, and spot-market energy commodity sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
The determination of Generation’ s and the Utility Registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on
systematic readings of customer meters, generally on a monthly basis. At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to
customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. The
measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usag e measured by generation or gas
throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates.
Increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities’  customers and favorable or unfav orable rate mix due to changes in
usage patte rns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. In addition, revenues
may fluctuat e monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier , since unbilled commodity revenues are not
recorded for these customers. Changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled
for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however , total operating revenues would remain
materially unchanged. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information.
Derivative Revenues. The Registr ants record  revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of acco unting for
transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. These derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk
management activities. Mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or
83
Table of Contents
losses on new transactio ns where the fair value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open
contracts, and realized gains and losses.
Alternative Revenue Program Accounting. Certain of the Utility Registrants’  ratemaking mechanisms qualify as ARPs if they (i)
are establish ed by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above
those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery , and (iii)
allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized.
For mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the Utility Registrants’  formula rate and revenue decoupling mechanisms,
the Utility Registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing
additional billing or refund has occurred. The ARP revenues presented in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income include both: (i) the recognition of “originating” ARP revenues (when the regulator-specified
condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the “originating”
ARP revenues as those  amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized  as Revenue from Contracts with
Customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco and DPL record ARP revenue for their best estima te of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable  of approval by the MDPSC and/or
DCPSC in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE record ARP revenue for their
best estimat e of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval
by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. Estimates of the current year revenue requirement are based on actual
and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated
regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. The estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things,
variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed ROE, and actions by regulators or courts.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts (Utility Registrants)
Utility Regis trants estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed
specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. Risk segments represent a group of
customers with similar credit quality indicators that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their
balances and payment history . Loss rates applie d to the accounts receivable balances are base d on a historical average of charge-
offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. The Utility Registrants'  customer accounts are generally
considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly
basis. Utility Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. Utility Registrants'
allowances for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as
changes in ICC, P APUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU regulations.
Results of Operations by Registrant
The Registrants' Results of Operations includes  discussion of RNF, which is a financial measure not defined under GAAP  and may
not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this
report. The CODMs for Exelon and Generation evaluate the performance of Generation's electric business activities and allocate
resources based on RNF. Generation believes that RNF is a useful measure because it provid es information that can be used to
evaluate its operational performance. For the Utility Registrants, their Operating revenues reflect the full and current recovery of
commodity procuremen t costs given the rider mechanisms approved by their respective state regulators. The commodity
procurement costs, which are recorded in Purchased power and fuel expense, and the associated revenues can be volatile.
Therefore, the Utility Registrants believe that RNF is a useful measure because it excludes the effect on Operating revenues caused
by the volatility in these expenses.
84
Table of Contents
Generation
Results of Operations—Generation
 2019 2018Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $18,924 $20,437 $ (1,513 ) $18,500  $ 1,937
Purchased power and fuel expense 10,856 11,693 837  9,690  (2,003 )
Revenues net of purchased power
and fuel expense 8,068 8,744 (676) 8,810  (66)
Other operating expenses     
Operating and maintenance 4,718 5,464 746  6,299  835
Depreciation and amortization 1,535 1,797 262  1,457  (340)
Taxes other than income taxes 519 556 37 555  (1)
Total other operating expenses 6,772 7,817 1,045  8,311  494
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses 27 48 (21) 2 46
Bargain purchase gain — — — 233  (233)
Gain on deconsolidation of business — — — 213  (213)
Operating income 1,323 975 348  947  28
Other income and (deductions)     
Interest expense (429) (432) 3 (440) 8
Other , net 1,023 (178) 1,201  948  (1,126 )
Total other income and (deductions) 594 (610) 1,204  508  (1,118 )
Income before income taxes 1,917 365 1,552  1,455  (1,090 )
Income taxes 516 (108) (624) (1,376 ) (1,268 )
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (184) (30) (154) (33) 3
Net income 1,217 443 774  2,798  (2,355 )
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 92 73 (19) 88 (15)
Net income attributable to membership interest $ 1,125 $ 370 $ 755  $ 2,710  $ (2,340 )
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income attributable to membership
interest  increased by $755 million  primarily due to:
•Higher net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•Decreased accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of the Oyster Creek nuclear facility in
September 2018 and TMI in September 2019  and the absence of a charge associated with the remeasurement of the
Oyster Creek ARO;
•Decreased operating and maintenance expe nse at Generation which includes the impacts of previous cost
management programs and lower pension and OPEB costs, and increased NEIL  insurance distributions;
•A benefit associated with the remeasurement of the TMI ARO in the first quarter of 2019  and the annual nuclear ARO
update in the third quarter of 2019;
•Decreased nuclear outage days;
•Lower mark-to-market losses;
•Research and development income tax credits .
85
Table of Contents
Generation
The increases were partially of fset by;
•Lower realized energy prices;  and
•Lower capacity prices.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. The basis for Generation's reportable segments is the integrated
management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and large ly representative of the footprints of
ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels
(wholesale and retail). Generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions.
Generation's five reportable segments are Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions. During the first
quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our New England region, Generation changed the way that information is reviewed
by the CODM. The New England region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the CODM nor will it be
presented separately in any external information  presented to third parties. Information for the New England region will be reviewed
by the CODM as part of Other Power Region s. See Note 5 — Segment Information  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on these reportable segments.
The following business activities are not allocated to a region and are reported under Other: natural gas, as well as other
miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations. Further , the following
activities are not allocated to a region and are reported in Other: accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear
decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
Generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of RNF. Operating revenues
include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants. Purchased power costs include all costs associated with
the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity , energy and ancillary services. Fuel expense includes the fuel costs for
owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
For the years ended December 31, 2019  compared to 2018 , RNF by region were as follows:
   2019 vs. 2018
 2019  2018 Variance % Change
Mid-Atlantic(a)$ 2,655  $ 3,073 $ (418) (13.6 )%
Midwest(b)2,962  3,135 (173) (5.5)%
New York 1,094  1,122 (28) (2.5)%
ERCOT 308  258 50 19.4 %
Other Power Regions 620  729 (109) (15.0 )%
Total electric revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense 7,639 8,317 (678) (8.2)%
Mark-to-market losses (215) (319) 104  (32.6 )%
Other 644  746 (102) (13.7 )%
Total revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense $ 8,068 $ 8,744 $ (676) (7.7)%
_________
(a)Includes results of transactions with PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE.
(b)Includes results of transactions with ComEd.
86
Table of Contents
Generation
Generation’ s supply sources by region are summarized below:
     2019 vs. 2018
Supply Source (GWhs) 2019  2018  Variance % Change
Nuclear Generation(a)      
Mid-Atlantic 58,347  64,099  (5,752 ) (9.0)%
Midwest 94,890  94,283  607  0.6 %
New York 28,088  26,640  1,448  5.4 %
Total Nuclear Generation 181,325  185,022  (3,697 ) (2.0)%
Fossil and Renewables      
Mid-Atlantic 2,884  3,670  (786) (21.4 )%
Midwest 1,374  1,373  1 0.1 %
New York 5 3 2 66.7 %
ERCOT 13,572  11,180  2,392  21.4 %
Other Power Regions 11,476  13,256  (1,780 ) (13.4 )%
Total Fossil and Renewables 29,311 29,482  (171) (0.6)%
Purchased Power      
Mid-Atlantic 14,790  6,506  8,284  127.3  %
Midwest 1,424  996  428  43.0 %
ERCOT 4,821  6,550  (1,729 ) (26.4 )%
Other Power Regions 48,673  44,998  3,675  8.2 %
Total Purchased Power 69,708  59,050 10,658  18.0 %
Total Supply/Sales by Region      
Mid-Atlantic(b)76,021  74,275  1,746  2.4 %
Midwest(b)97,688  96,652  1,036  1.1 %
New York 28,093  26,643  1,450  5.4 %
ERCOT 18,393  17,730  663  3.7 %
Other Power Regions 60,149  58,254  1,895  3.3 %
Total Supply/Sales by Region 280,344 273,554 6,790  2.5 %
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. CENG).
(b)Includes affiliate sales to PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE in the Mid-Atlantic region and affiliate sales to ComEd in the Midwest region.
87
Table of Contents
Generation
For the years ended December 31, 2019  compared to 2018  changes in RNF by region were as follows:
 2019 vs. 2018
 (Decrease)/Increase Description
Mid-Atlantic $ (418)• decreased revenue due to the permanent cease of generation
operations at Oyster Creek in the third quarter of 2018 and
Three Mile Island in the third quarter of 2019
• lower realized energy prices
• decreased capacity prices, partially of fset by
• increased ZEC revenues due to the approval of the NJ ZEC
program in the second quarter of 2019
Midwest (173)• the absence of the revenue recognized in the first quarter of
2018 related to ZECs generated in Illinois from June through
December 2017
• decreased capacity prices
New York (28)• lower realized energy prices
• decreased capacity prices, partially of fset by
• increased ZEC revenues due to higher ZEC prices and
increased nuclear output
• decreased nuclear outage days
ERCOT 50 • higher realized energy prices
Other Power Regions (109)• decreased capacity prices
• lower realized energy prices
Mark-to-market(a)104 • losses on economic hedging activities of $215 million in 2019
compared to losses of $319 million in 2018
Other (102)• the absence of the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas
supply agreement
• congestion activity , partially of fset by
• decrease in accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated
with announced early plant retirements
Total $ (676) 
_________
(a) See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on mark-to-market losses.
Nuclear Fleet Capacity Factor . The following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the Generation-operated plants, which
reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by Exelon, excluding Salem, which is operated by PSEG. The nuclear fleet
capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the
plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. Generation considers capacity factor to be a useful
measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. Generation has included the analysis below as a complement to
the financial  information provided in accordance with GAAP . However , these measures are not a presentation defined under GAAP
and may not be comparable to other companies ’ presentations or be more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in
this report.
 2019 2018
Nuclear fleet capacity factor 95.7% 94.6%
Refueling outage days 209 274
Non-refueling outage days 51 38
88
Table of Contents
Generation
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense , consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Labor , other benefits, contracting, materials(a)$ (174)
Nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned Salem plants (87)
Corporate allocations (82)
Insurance(b)(47)
Merger and integration costs (4)
Plant retirements and divestitures(c)(175)
Change in environmental liabilities 7
ARO update(d)(70)
Asset Impairments(e)(32)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (62)
Allowance for uncollectible accounts (14)
Accretion expense (77)
Other(f)71
Decrease in operating and maintenance expense $ (746)
__________
(a)Primarily reflects decreased costs related to the permanent cease of generation operations at Oyster Creek, lower labor costs resulting from
previous cost management programs, and lower pension and OPEB costs.
(b)Primarily reflects a supplemental NEIL insurance distribution received in the fourth quarter of 2019.
(c)Primarily due to the benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2019 for the remeasurement of the TMI ARO and the absence of a charge associated
with the remeasurement of the Oyster Creek ARO in the third quarter of 2018.
(d)Primarily reflects a benefit related to Generation's annual nuclear ARO update for non-regulatory units.
(e)Primarily due to the impairment of certain wind projects recorded in the second quarter of 2018.
(f)Primarily due to the increased revenue as a result of a research and development tax refund.
Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the year ended December 31, 2018
decreased primarily due to the permanent cessation of generation operations at Oyster Creek in the third quarter of 2018 and TMI in
the fourth quarter of 2019.
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses  for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the year ended December 31,
2018  decreased primarily due to Generation's sale of Oyster Creek.
Other , net for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  increased for the twelve mont hs ended
December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  due to activity associated with NDT  funds as described in the table below .
 2019 2018
Net unrealized gains (losses) on NDT  funds(a)$ 411 $ (483)
Net realized gains on sale of NDT  funds(a)253 180
Interest and dividend income on NDT  funds(a)110 122
Contractual elimination of income tax expense(b)216 (38)
Other 33 41
Total other , net $ 1,023 $ (178)
_________ 
(a)Unrealized gains (losses), realized gains and interest and dividend income on the NDT funds are associated with the Non-Regulatory
Agreement units.
(b)Contractual elimination of income tax expense is associated with the income taxes on the NDT funds of the Regulatory Agreement units.
89
Table of Contents
Generation
Effective income tax rates were 26.9%  and (29.5)%  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respectivel y. The change in
2019  is primarily  related to research and development claims, renewable tax credits and one-time  adjustments. See Note 13 —
Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates  for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018  decreased primarily due to the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same
period in 2018  decreased primarily due to the offsetting noncontrolling interest impact of the impairmen t of equity method
investments in certain distributed energy companies.
90
Table of Contents
ComEd
Results of Operations—ComEd
 2019  2018  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $ 5,747  $ 5,882  $ (135)$ 5,536 $ 346
Purchased power expense 1,941  2,155  214 1,641 (514)
Revenues net of purchased power expense 3,806  3,727  79 3,895 (168)
Other operating expenses     
Operating and maintenance 1,305  1,335  30 1,427 92
Depreciation and amortization 1,033  940  (93) 850 (90)
Taxes other than income taxes 301  311  10 296 (15)
Total other operating expenses 2,639  2,586  (53) 2,573 (13)
Gain on sales of assets 4 5 (1) 1 4
Operating income 1,171  1,146  25 1,323 (177)
Other income and (deductions)     
Interest expense, net (359) (347) (12) (361) 14
Other , net 39 33 6 22 11
Total other income and (deductions) (320) (314) (6) (339) 25
Income before income taxes 851  832  19 984 (152)
Income taxes 163  168  5 417 249
Net income $ 688  $ 664  $ 24 $ 567 $ 97
Year Ended  December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income  increased by $24 million  primarily
due to higher electric distribution, transmission and energy efficiency formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of higher rate
base, partially of fset by lower allowed electric distribution ROE due to a decrease in treasury rates).
Revenues Net of Purchased Power Expense.  There are certain drivers of Operating revenues  that are fully offset by their impact
on Purchased power expense, such as commodity , REC and ZEC procurement costs and participation in customer choice
programs. ComEd recovers electricity , REC and ZEC procurement costs from customers without mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in
these costs have no impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier . Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries, but do impact Operating revenues related to supplied electricity .
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2019 vs. 2018
Electric distribution revenue $ 47
Transmission revenue 32
Energy ef ficiency revenue 47
Uncollectible accounts recovery , net (7)
Other (40)
Total increase $ 79
91
Table of Contents
ComEd
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electrici ty is affected by weather and customer usage. Operating revenues are not impacted
by abnormal weather , usage per customer or number of customers as a result of a change to the electric distribution formula rate
pursuant to FEJA.
Distribution Revenue. EIMA  and FEJA  provide for a performance-based  formula rate, which requires an annual reconcil iation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm
restoration), investments being recovered and allowed ROE. During the year ended December 31, 2019 , as compared to the same
period in 2018 , electric distribution revenue increased primarily due to the impact of higher rate base and increased depreciation
expenses, offset by lower allowed ROE due to a decrease in treasury rates. See Operating and Maintenance Expense below and
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2019 , as compared to the same period in 2018 , transmission revenue
increased primarily due to the impact of increas ed peak load, higher rate base, and higher fully recoverable costs. See Operating
and Maintenance Expense below and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial Statements
for additional information.
Energy Efficiency Revenue.  FEJA  provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Under FEJA, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being
recovered, and allowed ROE. Energy efficiency  revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2019 , as compar ed to the
same period in 2018 , prima rily due to the impact of higher rate base and increased regulatory asset amortization. See Depreciation
and amortiza tion expense discussions below and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Uncollectible Account s Recovery , Net represents recoveries under the uncollectible  accounts tariff. See Operating and
maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tarif f.
Other revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of
environmental costs associated with MGP  sites. The decrease in Other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2019 , as
compared to the same period in 2018 , primarily reflects absence of mutual assistance revenues associated with hurricane and
winter storm  restoration efforts that occurred in Q1 2018. An equal and offsetting amoun t was included in Operating and
maintenance expense.
See Note 5 — Segment Information  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financ ial Statements for the presentation of ComEd's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Baseline  
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense(a)$ (36)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials(b)(27)
Uncollectible accounts expense(c)(7)
Storm costs 31
Other 9
Total decrease $ (30)
92
Table of Contents
ComEd
__________
(a)Primarily reflects an increase in discount rates and the favorable impacts of the merger of two of Exelon’s pension plans
effective in January 2019, partially offset by lower than expected asset returns in 2018.
(b)Primarily reflects absence of mutual assistance expenses and decreased contracting costs. An equal and offsetting increase has been
recognized in Operating revenues for the period presented.
(c)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts
collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. ComEd recorded a net decrease in uncollectible accounts for the year ended
December 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the timing of regulatory cost recovery. An equal and offsetting
amount has been recognized in Operating revenues for the periods presented.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Depreciation expense(a)$ 58
Regulatory asset amortization(b)35
Total increase $ 93
__________
(a)Reflects ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates effective January 2019.
(b)Includes amortization of ComEd's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 , were 19.2%  and 20.2%  , respectively . See Note 13
— Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components
of the ef fective income tax rates.
93
Table of Contents
PECO
Results of Operations—PECO
 2019  2018  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $ 3,100  $ 3,038  $ 62 $ 2,870 $ 168
Purchased power and fuel expense 1,029  1,090  61 969 (121)
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel
expense 2,071  1,948  123  1,901 47
Other operating expenses       
Operating and maintenance 861  898  37 806 (92)
Depreciation and amortization 333  301  (32) 286 (15)
Taxes other than income taxes 165  163  (2) 154 (9)
Total other operating expenses 1,359  1,362  3 1,246 (116)
Gain on sales of assets 1 1 — — 1
Operating income 713  587  126  655 (68)
Other income and (deductions)       
Interest expense, net (136) (129) (7) (126) (3)
Other , net 16 8 8 9 (1)
Total other income and (deductions) (120) (121) 1 (117) (4)
Income before income taxes 593  466  127  538 (72)
Income taxes 65 6 (59) 104 98
Net income $ 528  $ 460  $ 68 $ 434 $ 26
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income  increased by $68 million primarily
due to higher electric distribution rates that became effective January 2019, higher natural gas distribution rates and lower storm
costs, partially of fset by unfavorable weather conditions and volume.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. There are certain driver s of Operating revenues  that are fully offset by
their impact on Purchased power and fuel expenses such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation in customer
choice progr ams. PECO 's recovers electricity , natural gas and REC procurement costs from customers without mark-up. Therefore,
fluctuations in these costs have no impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or RNF, but impact Operating revenues related to supplied
electricity and natural gas.
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 2019 vs. 2018
 (Decrease) Increase
 Electric  Gas  Total
Weather $ (11) $ (8) $ (19)
Volume (22) 6 (16)
Pricing 112  10 122
Regulatory required programs 42 9 51
Transmission Revenue (13) — (13)
Other (2) — (2)
Total increase $ 106  $ 17 $ 123
94
Table of Contents
PECO
Weather . The demand for electric ity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric business, very
warm weath er in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months
are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and
natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. For the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018  RNF was decreased by the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in PECO's service territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based  on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in
PECO’ s service territor y. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in PECO’ s service territory for the years ended
December 31, 2019  and December 31, 2018  comp ared to the same periods in 2018  and 2017 , respe ctively , and norm al weather
consisted of the following:
 For the Years Ended December 31,  % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2019 2018 Normal 2019 vs. 2018  2019 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,307 4,539 4,458 (5.1)% (3.4)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,610 1,584 1,415 1.6 % 13.8 %
Volume.  Electric volume, exclusive of the effects of weath er, for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018 , decreased due to lower customer usages for residential, commercial and industrial electric classes, partially offset by the
impact of customer grow th. Natural gas volume  for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same  period in 2018 ,
increased due to customer and economic growth.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2019  2018% Change
2019 vs. 2018 Weather -
Normal %
Change(b)
Retail Deliveries (a)    
Residential 13,650  14,005 (2.5)% (1.4)%
Small commercial & industrial 7,983  8,177 (2.4)% (1.2)%
Large commercial & industrial 14,958  15,516 (3.6)% (3.4)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 725  761 (4.7)% (5.0)%
Total electric retail deliveries 37,316  38,459 (3.0)% (2.3)%
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2019  2018
Residential 1,494,462  1,480,925
Small commercial & industrial 154,000  152,797
Large commercial & industrial 3,104  3,118
Public authorities & electric railroads 10,039  9,565
Total 1,661,605  1,646,405
95
Table of Contents
PECO
Natural Gas Deliveries to customers (in mmcf) 2019  2018% Change
2019 vs. 2018 Weather -
Normal %
Change(b)
Retail Deliveries (a)    
Residential 40,196  43,450 (7.5)% 0.9 %
Small commercial & industrial 23,828  21,997 8.3 % 1.4 %
Large commercial & industrial 50 65 (23.1 )% 7.4 %
Transportation 25,822  26,595 (2.9)% (1.3)%
Total natural gas deliveries 89,896  92,107 (2.4)% 0.4 %
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2019  2018
Residential 487,337  482,255
Small commercial & industrial 44,374  44,170
Large commercial & industrial 2 1
Transportation 730  754
Total 532,443  527,180
Pricing for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  increa sed primarily due to an increase in
electric distribution rates charged to customers. The increase in electric distribution rates was effective January 1, 2019 in
accordance with the 2018 PAPUC approved electric distribution rate case settlement. Additionally , the increase represents revenue
from higher natural gas distribution rates. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Note s to Consolidated Finan cial
Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency , PGC and the GSA. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as
a return. The costs of these programs are includ ed in Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense
and Income taxes.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. Transmission revenue for the year ended December 31, 2019
compared to the same period in 2018  decreased primarily due to lower operating and maintenance expenses and the terms of the
settlement agreement approved by FERC in December 2019. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Note s to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges and mutual assistance revenues.
See Note 5—Segment Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of PECO's
revenue disaggregation.
96
Table of Contents
PECO
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Baseline  
Storm-related costs (a)$ (30)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (5)
Uncollectible accounts expense (2)
BSC costs 2
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials 1
Other (7)
 (41)
Regulatory required programs  
Energy ef ficiency 4
Decrease in operating and maintenance expense $ (37)
__________
(a) Reflects decreased storm costs due to the March 2018 winter storms.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Depreciation expense (a)$ 28
Regulatory asset amortization 4
Increase in depreciation and amortization expense $ 32
__________
(a) Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Effective income tax rates were 11.0%  and 1.3%  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respe ctively . See Note 13 —
Income Taxes of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of the change in effective
income tax rates.
97
Table of Contents
BGE
Results of Operations—BGE
 2019  2018Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $ 3,106  $ 3,169 $ (63) $ 3,176  $ (7)
Purchased power and fuel expense 1,052  1,182 130  1,133  (49)
Revenues net of purchased power
and fuel expense 2,054  1,987 67 2,043  (56)
Other operating expenses      
Operating and maintenance 760  777 17 716  (61)
Depreciation and amortization 502  483 (19) 473  (10)
Taxes other than income taxes 260  254 (6) 240  (14)
Total other operating
expenses 1,522  1,514 (8) 1,429  (85)
Gain on sales of assets — 1 (1) — 1
Operating income 532  474 58 614  (140)
Other income and (deductions)      
Interest expense, net (121) (106) (15) (105) (1)
Other , net 28 19 9 16 3
Total other income and
(deductions) (93) (87) (6) (89) 2
Income before income taxes 439  387 52 525  (138)
Income taxes 79 74 (5) 218  144
Net income 360  313 47 307  6
Net income attributable to common
shareholder $ 360  $ 313 $ 47 $ 307  $ 6
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income attributable to common
shareholder  increased by $47 million  primarily due to higher natural gas distribution rates that became effective January 2019 and
December 2019, higher electric distribution rates that became effective December 2019, and lower storm costs, partially offset by an
increase in various expenses, including interest.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. There are certain driver s to Operating revenues  that are fully offset by
their impact on Purchased power and fuel expe nse, such as commodity procurement costs and participation in customer choice
programs. BGE recove rs electricity , natural gas and other procurement costs from custo mers without mark-up. Therefore,
fluctuations in these costs have no impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from electric generation and natural gas competitive suppliers.
Customer choice progra ms do not impact the volume of deliveries or RNF but impact Oper ating revenues related to supplied
electricity and natural gas.
98
Table of Contents
BGE
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 2019 vs. 2018
 Increase (Decrease)
 Electric  Gas  Total
Distribution revenue $ 11 $ 68 $ 79
Regulatory required programs (6) (4) (10)
Transmission revenue 10 — 10
Other , net (7) (5) (12)
Total increase $ 8 $ 59 $ 67
Revenue Decoupling. The demand  for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating
revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) that
provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal
weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2019  2018
Residential 1,177,333  1,168,372
Small commercial & industrial 114,504  113,915
Large commercial & industrial 12,322  12,253
Public authorities & electric railroads 268  262
Total 1,304,427  1,294,802
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2019  2018
Residential 639,426  633,757
Small commercial & industrial 38,345  38,332
Large commercial & industrial 6,037  5,954
Total 683,808  678,043
Distribution Revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2019 , compared to the same  period in 2018 , primarily due
to the impac t of higher natural gas distribution rates that became effective in both January 2019 and December 2019 and higher
electric distribution rates that became effective in December 2019. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as conservation, demand respon se, STRIDE, and the POLR mechanism. The riders are designed to provide full and
current cost recovery , as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in Operating and
maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense and Taxes other than income taxes.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018 , primarily due to increases in capital investment and operating and maintenance expense recoveries. See Operating and
maintenance expense below and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
99
Table of Contents
BGE
Other reven ue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service
application fees.
See Note 5 — Segment Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of BGE's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Baseline  
Storm-related costs(a)$ (24)
Uncollectible accounts expense (2)
BSC costs (1)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials 8
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 1
Other 2
 (16)
  
Regulatory Required Programs
(1)
Total (decrease) increase $ (17)
__________
(a)Reflects decreased storm restoration costs due to the March 2018 winter storms.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2019 vs. 2018
Depreciation expense(a)$ 24
Regulatory asset amortization 4
Regulatory required programs (9)
Increase in depreciation and amortization expense $ 19
__________
(a)Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Interest expense, net increased during the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018 , primarily due to
the issuances of debt in September 2018 and September 2019.
Other , net increased during the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same  period in 2018 , primarily due to higher
AFUDC equity .
Effective income tax rates  were 18% and 19.1%  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respectivel y. See Note 13 —
Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of
the ef fective income tax rates.
100
Table of Contents
PHI
Results of Operations—PHI
PHI’s results  of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, Pepco, DPL and ACE. PHI also has a business
services subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the
applicable subsidiaries. Additionally , the results of PHI's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities.
See the results of operations for Pepco, DPL, and ACE for additional information.
 
 2019 2018(a)Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017(a) Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance  
 PHI $ 477 $ 393 $ 84 $ 355  $ 38
 Pepco 243 205 38 198  7
 DPL 147 120 27 121  (1)
 ACE 99 75 24 77 (2)
 Other(b)(12) (7) (5) (41) 34
_________
(a)PHI's and Pepco's amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to Pepco's decoupling mechanism. See Note 1 -
Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, PHI's corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income  increased by $84 million primarily
due to higher electric and natural gas distribution rates (not reflecting the impact of TCJA), higher transmission revenues due to an
increase in transmission  rates and the highest daily peak load, lower contracting costs, the absence of the charge associated with a
remeasurement of the Buzzard Point ARO, lower uncollectible accounts expense, and lower write-of fs of construction work in
progress, partially of fset by an increase in environmental liabilities and various expenses.
101
Table of Contents
Pepco
Results of Operations—Pepco
 2019  2018(a)Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017(a)  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $ 2,260  $ 2,232 $ 28 $ 2,151  $ 81
Purchased power expense 665  654 (11) 614  (40)
Revenues net of purchased power expense 1,595  1,578 17 1,537  41
Other operating expenses     
Operating and maintenance 482  501 19 454  (47)
Depreciation and amortization 374  385 11 321  (64)
Taxes other than income taxes 378  379 1 371  (8)
Total other operating expenses 1,234  1,265 31 1,146  (119)
Gain on sales of assets — — — 1 (1)
Operating income 361  313 48 392  (79)
Other income and (deductions)     
Interest expense, net (133) (128) (5) (121) (7)
Other , net 31 31 — 32 (1)
Total other income and (deductions) (102) (97) (5) (89) (8)
Income before income taxes 259  216 43 303  (87)
Income taxes 16 11 (5) 105  94
Net income $ 243  $ 205 $ 38 $ 198  $ 7
__________
(a)Amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an error related to Pepco’s decoupling mechanism. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Year Ended  December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income  increased by $38 million  primarily
due to higher electric distribution rates in Maryla nd that became effective August 2019 and June 2018 (not reflecting the impact of
TCJA), higher electric distribution rates in the District of Columbia that became effective August 2018 (not reflecting the impact of
TCJA), higher transmission revenues due to an increase in transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, the absence of the
charge asso ciated with a remeasurement of the Buzzard Point ARO, and lower contracting costs, partially offset by an increase in
environmental liabilities.
Revenues Net of Purch ased Power Expense. There are certain drivers  of Operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact
on Purchased power expense, such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs.
Pepco recov ers electrici ty and REC procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in these costs
have minimal impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries or RNF , but impact Operating revenues related to supplied electricity .
102
Table of Contents
Pepco
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2019 vs. 2018
Volume $ 12
Distribution revenue 20
Regulatory required programs (35)
Transmission revenues 18
Other 2
Total increase $ 17
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in both Maryland and the District of Columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a
result of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While
Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of
customers.
Volume , exclusive of the effects of weather , increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018
primarily due to the impact of residential customer growth.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers2019  2018
Residential 817,770  807,442
Small commercial & industrial 54,265  54,306
Large commercial & industrial 22,271  22,022
Public authorities & electric railroads 160  150
Total 894,466  883,920
Distribution Revenues  increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  primarily due to
higher electric distribution rates in Maryland that became effective in August 2019 and June 2018  (not reflecting the impact of TCJA),
higher electric distribution rates (not reflecting the impac t of TCJA)  in the Distri ct of Columbia that became effective in August 2018,
partially offset by the accelerated amortization of certain deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of
TCJA  as the result of regulatory settlements . See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energ y efficiency programs, DC PLUG and SOS administrative costs. The riders are designed to provide full and
current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in Operating and
maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. Revenues from regulatory
programs decreased for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 due to lower surcharge rates
effective January 2019 for energy ef ficiency programs that were implemented to reflect the impacts of the enactment of TCJA.
Transmission Revenues. Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018  due to rate increases and an increase in the highest daily peak load.
Other reven ue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system  sales and service
application fees.
103
Table of Contents
Pepco
See Note 5 - Segment Information  for the Combined Note s to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for the presentation of Pepco's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Baseline
BSC and PHISCO costs $ (16)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials (11)
 Uncollectible accounts expense (3)
Pension and Non-Pension Postretirement Benefits
6
Other 8
 (16)
 
Regulatory required programs (3)
Total decrease $ (19)
 Increase (Decrease)
2019 vs. 2018
Depreciation expense(a)$ 21
Regulatory asset amortization 4
Regulatory required programs (36)
Total decrease $ (11)
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same  period in 2018  increased primarily due to
higher outstanding debt.
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018  were 6.2%  and 5.1% , respectivel y. See Note 13 —
Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of
the change in ef fective income tax rates.
104
Table of Contents
DPL
Results of Operations—DPL
 2019  2018  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $ 1,306  $ 1,332  $ (26)$ 1,300 $ 32
Purchased power and fuel expense 526  561  35 532 (29)
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel
expense 780  771  9 768 3
Other operating expenses    
Operating and maintenance 323  344  21 315 (29)
Depreciation and amortization 184  182  (2) 167 (15)
Taxes other than income taxes 56 56 — 57 1
Total other operating expenses 563  582  19 539 (43)
Gain on sales of assets — 1 (1) — 1
Operating income 217  190  27 229 (39)
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (61) (58) (3) (51) (7)
Other , net 13 10 3 14 (4)
Total other income and (deductions) (48) (48) — (37) (11)
Income before income taxes 169  142  27 192 (50)
Income taxes 22 22 — 71 49
Net income $ 147  $ 120  $ 27 $ 121 $ (1)
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income increased by $27 million primarily
due to higher transmiss ion revenues due to an increase in the transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, higher electric
distribution rates in Maryland and Delaware that became effective throughout 2018 (not reflecting  the impact of TCJA), higher natural
gas distribution rates in Delaware that became effective throughout 2018 (not reflecting the impact of TCJA), and lower write-of fs of
construction work in progress.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. There are certain driver s to Operating revenues  that are fully offset by
their impact on Purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation in customer
choice programs. DPL recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up and natural gas costs
from customers without mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in these costs have minimal impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries or RNF , but impact Operating revenues related to supplied electricity .
105
Table of Contents
DPL
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 2019 vs. 2018
 Increase (Decrease)
 Electric Gas  Total
Weather $ (3) $ (4) $ (7)
Volume 1 2 3
Distribution revenue 2 1 3
Regulatory required programs (7) 2 (5)
Transmission revenues 19 — 19
Other (4) — (4)
Total increase $ 8$ 1$ 9
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution customers in Maryland are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization
adjustment (BSA) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues from
electric distribution customers in Maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by
changes in the number of customers.
Weather . The demand for electricity and natural gas in Delaware is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in
winter months are referr ed to as "favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditio ns result in increased deliveries of
electricity and natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. During the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the
same period in 2018 , RNF relate d to weather decreased primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions in DPL's Delaware service
territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree  days for a 20-year period in DPL's
Delaware electric service territory and a 30-year  period in DPL's Delaware natural gas service territory . The changes in heating and
cooling degree days in DPL’s Delaware service territory for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to same period in 2018
and normal weather consisted of the following:
Delaware Electric Service TerritoryFor the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2019 2018 Normal 2019 vs. 2018  2019 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,475 4,713 4,656 (5.0)% (3.9)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,476 1,456 1,224 1.4 % 20.6 %
Delaware Natural Gas Service TerritoryFor the Years Ended December
31,  % Change
Heating Degree-Days 2019 2018 Normal 2019 vs. 2018  2019 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,475 4,713 4,698 (5.0)% (4.7)%
Volume, exclusive of the effects of weather , remained relatively consistent for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the
same period in 2018 .
106
Table of Contents
DPL
Electric Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in GWhs) 2019  2018% Change
2019 vs. 2018Weather -
Normal %
Change (b)
Retail Deliveries     
Residential 3,149  3,204 (1.7)% (0.2)%
Small commercial & industrial 1,320  1,344 (1.8)% (1.4)%
Large commercial & industrial 3,424  3,636 (5.8)% (5.7)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 34 33 3.0 % 0.9 %
Total electric retail deliveries(a) 7,927  8,217 (3.5)% (2.9)%
 As of December 31,
Number of Total Electric Customers (Maryland and Delaware) 2019  2018
Residential 468,162  463,670
Small commercial & industrial 61,721  61,381
Large commercial & industrial 1,411  1,406
Public authorities & electric railroads 613  621
Total 531,907  527,078
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from DPL and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Natural Gas Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in mmcf) 2019  2018% Change
2019 vs. 2018Weather -
Normal %
Change(b)
Retail Deliveries     
Residential 8,613  8,633 (0.2)% 4.2 %
Small commercial & industrial 4,287  4,134 3.7 % 7.8 %
Large commercial & industrial 1,811  1,952 (7.2)% (7.1)%
Transportation 6,733  6,831 (1.4)% (0.2)%
Total natural gas deliveries(a) 21,444  21,550 (0.5)% 2.5 %
 As of December 31,
Number of Delaware Gas Customers 2019  2018
Residential 125,873  124,183
Small commercial & industrial 9,999  9,986
Large commercial & industrial 17 18
Transportation 159  156
Total 136,048  134,343
_________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing natural gas directly from DPL and customers purchasing natural gas from a
competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  primarily due to
higher electr ic distributio n rates (not reflecting the impact of TCJA) in Maryland and Delaware that became effective throughout 2018
and higher natural gas distribution rates (not reflecting the impact of TCJA) in Delaware that became effective throughout 2018,
partially offset by the accelerated amortization of certain deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of
TCJA  as the result of regulatory settlements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
107
Table of Contents
DPL
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, DE Renewable Portfolio Standards, SOS administrative costs and GCR costs. The
riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are
included in Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense and Taxes other than income taxes.
Transmission Revenues.  Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar years. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018  due to rate increases and an increase in the highest daily peak load.
Other reven ue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system  sales and service
application fees.
See Note 5 - Segment Information  for the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of DPL's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in  Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Baseline
  BSC and PHISCO costs $ (10)
  Write-of f of construction work in progress (7)
Uncollectible accounts expense (2)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 4
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials 2
Storm-related costs (1)
Other (6)
 (20)
 
Regulatory required programs (1)
Total decrease $ (21)
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2019 vs. 2018
Depreciation expense(a)$ 14
Regulatory asset amortization (1)
Regulatory required programs (11)
Total increase $ 2
_________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same  period in 2018  increased primarily due to
higher outstanding debt.
108
Table of Contents
DPL
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018  were 13.0%  and 15.5% , respectivel y. See Note 13 —
Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of
the change in ef fective income tax rates
109
Table of Contents
ACE
Results of Operations—ACE
 2019  2018  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2019
vs. 2018 variance 2017  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance
Operating revenues $ 1,240  $ 1,236  $ 4 $ 1,186  $ 50
Purchased power expense 608  616  8 570  (46)
Revenues net of purchased power expense 632  620  12 616  4
Other operating expenses      
Operating and maintenance 320  330  10 307  (23)
Depreciation and amortization 157  136  (21) 146  10
Taxes other than income taxes 4 5 1 6 1
Total other operating expenses 481  471  (10) 459  (12)
Gain on sales of assets — — — — —
Operating income 151  149  2 157  (8)
Other income and (deductions)      
Interest expense, net (58) (64) 6 (61) (3)
Other , net 6 2 4 7 (5)
Total other income and
(deductions) (52) (62) 10 (54) (8)
Income (loss) before income taxes 99 87 12 103  (16)
Income taxes — 12 12 26 14
Net income $ 99 $ 75 $ 24 $ 77 $ (2)
Year Ended December 31, 2019  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018 . Net income increased $24 million primarily due
to higher electric distribution rates that became effective April 2019 and higher transmission revenues due to an increase in the
transmission rates and the highest daily peak load, partially of fset by lower average residential usage.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power Expense.  There are certain drivers of Operating revenues  that are fully offset by their impact
on Purchased power expense, such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation  in customer choice programs. ACE
recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from customers without mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no
impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs of
supplier do not impact the volume of deliveries or RNF , but impact revenues related to supplied electricity .
The changes in RNF, consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Weather $ (6)
Volume (11)
Distribution revenue 36
Regulatory required programs (23)
Transmission revenues 20
Other (4)
Total increase $ 12
110
Table of Contents
ACE
Weather . The demand for electric ity is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric busine ss, very warm weather in
summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather
conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity . Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. During the year ended
December 31, 2019  comp ared to the same period in 2018 , RNF related to weather was lower due to the impact of unfavorable
weather conditions in ACE's service territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ACE’ s
service territory . The changes in heating and cooling degree days in ACE’ s service territory for the year ended December 31, 2019
compared to same period in 2018 , and normal weather consisted of the following:
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
Normal % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2019  2018   2019 vs. 2018 2019 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,467  4,523  4,676  (1.2)% (4.5)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,374  1,535  1,158  (10.5 )% 18.7 %
Volume,  exclusive of the effects of weather , decreased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018 , primarily due to lower average residential and commercial usage.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2019 2018% Change
2019 vs. 2018Weather - Normal
% Change(b)
Retail Deliveries     
Residential 3,966 4,185 (5.2)% (3.5)%
Small commercial & industrial 1,346 1,361 (1.1)% 0.1 %
Large commercial & industrial 3,429 3,565 (3.8)% (3.4)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 49 (4.1)% (2.9)%
Total retail deliveries(a)8,788 9,160 (4.1)% (2.9)%
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2019  2018
Residential 494,596  490,975
Small commercial & industrial 61,497  61,386
Large commercial & industrial 3,392  3,515
Public authorities & electric railroads 679  656
Total 560,164  556,532
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from ACE and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  primarily due to
higher electric distribution base rates that became effective in April 2019, partially offset by the accelerated amortization of certain
deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of TCJA  as the result of regulatory settlements. See Note 3
— Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, Societal Benefits Charge, Transition Bonds and BGS administrative costs . The riders
are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are
included in Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and
111
Table of Contents
ACE
amortization expense and Taxes other than income taxes. Revenues from regulatory programs decreased for the year
ended December 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 due to rate decreases effective October 2018 for the ACE
Transition Bonds.
Transmission Revenues. Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in
2018  primarily due to rate increases and an increase in the highest daily peak load.
Other reven ue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system  sales and service
application fees.
See Note 5 - Segment Information  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for the presentation of ACE's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 (Decrease) Increase
2019 vs. 2018
Baseline  
BSC and PHISCO costs $ (8)
Uncollectible accounts expense(a)(6)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials (5)
Storm-related costs 2
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 1
Other 6
Total decrease
$ (10)
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts
collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. An equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in Operating revenues for the
periods presented.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2019 vs. 2018
Depreciation expense(a)$ 29
Regulatory asset amortization 6
Regulatory required programs (14)
Total increase $ 21
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2019  compared to the same period in 2018  decreased primarily due to
lower outstanding debt.
Other , net for the year ended December 31, 2019  comp ared to the same period in 2018  increased primarily due to higher AFUDC
equity .
Effective income tax rates were 0.0%  and 13.8%  for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respe ctively . See Note 13 —
Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of
the change in ef fective income tax rates.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
All results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a GAAP  basis.
The Registrants’  operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as
well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. The Registrants’  businesses are capital
intensive and require considerable capital resources. Each of the Registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend
practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital
requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. A broad
spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including
monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures,
minority partners, etc.). Each Registrant’ s access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current
overall capit al market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deteriorate to the extent
that the Registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the
112
Table of Contents
Registrants have access to credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $10.6 billion . The Regis trants utilize their credit
facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. See the
“Credit Matters” section below for additional information. The Registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating
expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
The Registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction
expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing
ventures. The Registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-
term return on investment. Additionally , ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE operate in rate-regulated environments in which
the amount of new inves tment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of
time. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Com bined Note s to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for additional
information of the Registrants’  debt and credit agreements.
NRC Minimum Funding Requirements
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be
available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility . These NRC minimum funding levels are based upon the
assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed  life of each unit. If a unit fails the
NRC minimum funding test, then the plant’ s owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial
guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash  contributions to the NDT fund to
ensure sufficient funds are available. See Note 9 - Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
If a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the NRC minimu m funding requirements due to the
earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the NDT fund investments could
appreciate in value. A shortfall could require that Generation address the shortfall by, among  other things, obtaining a parental
guarantee for Generation’ s share of the funding assurance. However , the amount of any guarantees or other assurance will
ultimately depend on the decommissioning appro ach, the associated level of costs, and the NDT fund investment performance going
forward.
Upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective NDT funds for radiological
decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. However , the NRC must approve
an exemptio n in order for the plant’ s owner(s) to utilize the NDT fund to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs (i.e., spent
fuel manage ment and site restoration costs). If a unit does not receive this exemption, the costs would be borne by the owner(s)
without reimbursement from or access to the NDT funds. The ultimate costs for spent fuel management may vary greatly and could
be reduced by alternate decommissioning scenarios and/or reimbursement of certain costs under the DOE reimbursement
agreements.
As of December 31, 2019 , Exelon would not be required to post a parental guarantee for TMI Unit 1 under the SAFST OR scenario
which is the planned decommissioning option as described in the TMI Unit 1 PSDAR filed by Generation with the NRC on April 5,
2019. On October 16, 2019, the NRC granted Generation's exemption request to use the TMI Unit 1 NDT funds for spent fuel
management costs. An additional exemption request would be required to allow the funds to be spent on site restoration costs,
which are not expected to be incurred in the near term.
Project Financing (Exelon and Generation)
Project finan cing is used to help mitigate risk of specific generating assets. Project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial
structure, in which proje ct debt is paid back from the cash generated by the specific asset or portfolio of assets. Borrowings under
these agreem ents are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon
or Generation in the event of a default. If a specific project financing entity does not maintai n compliance with its specific debt
financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related
borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. In these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the
lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. The
potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments
due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful
113
Table of Contents
lives. Additio nally, project finance has credit facilities. See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Com bined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
General
Generation’ s cash flows from operating activitie s primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and
services to customers. Generation’ s future cash flows from operating activities may be affected  by future demand for and market
prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from
customers.
The Utility Registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in
the case of PECO, BGE and DPL, gas distribution services. The Utility Registrants' distribution services are provided to an
established and diverse base of retail customers. The Utility Registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy , weather
conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers,
and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the years ended
December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 :
2019 vs. 2018 Variance Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net income $ 949 $ 774 $ 24 $ 68 $ 47 $84 $ 38 $27 $24
Add (subtract):            
Non-cash operating activities(778) (835) (34) 43 100 (12) (1) (26) (3)
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit contributions (25) (36) (35) — 6 49 3 (1) 5
Income taxes(404) 495 33 (49) (47) (18) 22 10 4
Changes in working capital and other
noncurrent assets and liabilities (1,221) (855) (71) (50) (139) (118) (24) (68) 3
Option premiums received (paid), net14 14 — — — — — — —
Collateral posted (received), net(520) (545) 37 — (8) — — — —
Net cash flows provided by (used in) operations $(1,985) $ (988) $ (46) $ 12 $(41) $(15)$ 38 $(58) $33
2018 vs. 2017 Variance Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net income$(1,790) $ (2,355) $ 97 $ 26 $ 6 $38 $ 7 $(1) $(2)
Add (subtract):            
Non-cash operating activities2,133 3,116 (232) (12) (73) (124) (17) (41) (17)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit
contributions 22 9 (1) (4) (1) 25 55 2 14
Income taxes41 (689) 370 (19) (80) (45) (94) (24) 9
Changes in working capital and other
noncurrent assets and liabilities 589 359 (49) (7) 112 288 116 95 18
Option premiums received (paid), net(71) (71) — — — — — — —
Collateral posted (received), net 240 193 37 — 4 — — — —
Net cash flows provided by (used in) operations $1,164 $ 562 $ 222 $ (16)$(32) $182 $ 67 $31 $22
Changes in Registrants' cash flows from operations for 2019 , 2018  and 2017  were generally consistent with changes in each
Registrant’ s respective results of operations, as adjusted for non-cash operating activities, and changes in working capital in the
normal course of business. In addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2019 , 2018  and 2017  were as
follows:
114
Table of Contents
•See Note 23 —Supplemental Financial Information  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial Statements and
the Registrants’  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for additional information on non-cash operating activity .
•See Note 13 —Income Taxes of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the Registrants'
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for additional information on income taxes.
•Depending upon whether Generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral  may be required to
be posted with or collected from its counterparties. In addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ
depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the OTC markets.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100%
funded statu s on an Accumulated Benefit Obligation (ABO) basis over time. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of
future period  required pension contributions. Based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to
change, Exelon’ s estimated annual qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million  beginning in 2020. Unlike the
qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum
contribution requirements.
While other postretireme nt plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its
plans. For Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has
historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, including liabilities management,
levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
The following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2020:
 Qualified Pension Plans Non-Qualified Pension
Plans  OPEB
Exelon $ 505  $ 36 $ 42
Generation 227  14 16
ComEd 141  2 3
PECO 17 1 —
BGE 56 2 16
PHI 22 9 7
Pepco — 2 7
DPL — 1 —
ACE 2 — —
To the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and OPEB plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual
pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. Conversely , to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the
pension and OPEB plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and OPEB contribution requirements in
future years could decrease. Additionally , expected contributions could change if Exelon changes its pension or OPEB funding
strategy .
115
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities for the years ended
December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 :
2019 vs. 2018 Variance Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Capital expenditures$ 346 $ 397 $ 211 $ (90) $(186) $ 20 $ 30 $16 $(40)
Proceeds from NDT fund sales, net199 199 — — — — — — —
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net113 113 — — — — — — —
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses(38) (38) — — — — — — —
Changes in intercompany money pool— — — (68) — — — — —
Other investing activities (46) (7) — (10) (1) (7) 1 (1) (2)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing
activities$ 574 $ 664 $ 211 $ (168) $(187) $ 13 $ 31 $15 $(42)
2018 vs. 2017 Variance Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Capital expenditures $ (10) $ 17 $ 124 $ (117) $(77) $ 21 $ (28) $64 $(23)
Proceeds from NDT fund sales, net33 33 — — — — — — —
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net54 54 — — — — — — —
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses(128) (128) — — — — — — —
Changes in intercompany money pool— — — (131) — — — — —
Other investing activities188 155 9 5 2 5 2 3 2
Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing
activities$ 137 $ 131 $ 133 $ (243) $(75) $ 26 $ (26) $67 $(21)
Significant investing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2019 , 2018  and 2017  were as follows:
•Variances in capital expenditures  are primaril y due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. Refer below
for additional information on projected capital expenditure spending.
•During 2018, Exelon and Generation had expenditures of $81 million and $57 related to the acquisitions  of the Everett
Marine Terminal and the Handley generating station.
•During 2017, Exelon and Generation had expenditures of $23 million and $178 million related to the acquisitions  of
ConEdison Solutions and the FitzPatrick nuclear generating station.
•During 2018, Exelon and Generation had proceeds of $85 million relating to the sale of Generat ion’s interest in an
electrical contracting business that primarily installs, maintains and repairs underground and high-voltage cable
transmission and distribution services.
•During 2017, Exelon and Generation had proceeds of $218 million from sales  of long-lived  assets, primarily related to the
sale back of turbine equipment.
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term borrowing needs. Refer to more information regarding
the intercompany money pool below .
116
Table of Contents
Capital Expenditure Spending
The Registrants most recent estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and improvements for 2020  are as follows:
(in millions) Transmission Distribution Gas Total
Exelon N/A N/A N/A $ 8,175
Generation N/A N/A N/A 1,725
ComEd 475 1,875 N/A 2,350
PECO 125 700 275 1,100
BGE 275 575 475 1,325
Pepco 175 675 N/A 850
DPL 125 225 100 450
ACE 150 225 N/A 375
Projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic
conditions and other factors.
Generation
Approximately 45% of projected  2020  capital expenditures at Generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel, with the remaining
amounts reflecting additions and upgrades to existing generation facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear
refueling outages), and additional investment in new generation facilities.  Generation anticipates that it will fund capital expenditures
with internally generated funds and borrowings.
Utility Registrants
Projected 2020  capital expenditures at the Utility Registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations,
including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as the Utility Registrants'
construction commitments under PJM’ s RTEP.
The Utility Registrants as transmission owner s are subject to NERC compliance requirements. NERC provides guidance to
transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. The results of these assessments could require the Utility
Registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet NERC
standards. In 2010, NERC provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the Utility Registrants perform
assessments of their transmission lines. ComEd, PECO and BGE submitted their final bi-annual reports to NERC in January 2014.
ComEd and PECO will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the
assessments. Specific projects and expenditures  are identified as the assessments are complete d. ComEd’ s and PECO’ s forecasted
2020  capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2020 . BGE, DPL and ACE are
complete with their assessments and Pepco has substantially completed its assessment and thus do not expect significant capital
expenditures related to this guidance in 2020 .
The Utility Registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and
borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
117
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
The following tables provides a summary of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the years ended
December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 :
2019 vs. 2018 Variance Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Changes in short-term borrowings, net$ 869 $ 320 $ 130 $ — $ 82 $200 $ 28 $272 $(100)
Long-term debt, net(665) (645) (110) 125 100 (123) (51) (133) 63
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool— (146) — — — 12 — — —
Common stock issued from treasury stock— — — — — — — — —
Dividends paid on common stock(76) — (49) (52) (15) — (44) (43) (65)
Distributions to member— 102 — — — (200) — — —
Contributions from parent/member— (114) (250) 99 84 13 (6) (87) 108
Sale of noncontrolling interest— — — — — — — — —
Other financing activities 33 4 1 16 (6) 4 1 1 2
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing
activities$ 161 $ (479)$ (278)$ 188 $245 $ (94)$ (72)$10 $ 8
2018 vs. 2017 Variance Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Changes in short-term borrowings, net $ 127 $ 699 $ — $ — $ (74) $ 1 $ 11 $(432) $(77)
Long-term debt, net599 (510) (65) (125) 291 418 (3) 236 104
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool— 47 — — — — — — —
Common stock issued from treasury stock(1,150) — — — — — — — —
Dividends paid on common stock(96) — (37) (18) (11) — (36) 16 9
Distributions to member— (342) — — — (15) — — —
Contributions from parent/member— 53 (151) 73 (75) (373) 5 150 67
Sale of noncontrolling interest(396) (396) — — — — — — —
Other financing activities(70) (1) (2) (19) 3 (7) (3) (2) (3)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing
activities$ (986)$ (450)$ (255) $ (89)$134 $ 24 $ (26)$(32) $100
Significant investing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2019 , 2018  and 2017  were as follows:
•Changes in short-term borrowings, net, is driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 90 days.
Refer to Note 16 - Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on short-term borrowings.
•Long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. Refer to debt issuances and
redemptions tables below for more information.
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term borrowing needs. Refer to more information regarding
the intercompany money pool below .
•Exelon issued common stock  in 2017 to fund the PHI merger . Refer to Note 19 - Shareholders' Equity  of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial statements for additional information on common stock issuances.
•Exelon’ s ability to pay dividends  on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating
subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and
cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. See Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies  of the Comb ined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. See below for quarterly
dividends declared.
118
Table of Contents
•The change in sale of controlling interest from 2017 to 2018 was primarily related to cash  received in 2017 for the sale
of a 49% interest in EGRP . Refer to Note 22 - Variable Interest Entities  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on sale of controlling interest.
Debt Issuances and Redemptions
See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  debt issuances and retirements. Debt activity for 2019 , 2018  and 2017  by Registrant was as follows:
During 2019 , the following long-term debt was issued:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  3.95% August 31, 2020 $ 4Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Fort Meade project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)
 3.46% May 1, 2020 $ 39Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Marine Corps. Logistics
Project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)
 2.53% April 30, 2021 $ 2Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Fort AP Hill project.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 126 4.00% March 1, 2049 $ 400Repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and fund
other general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 127 3.20% November 15, 2049 $ 300Repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and fund
other general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds  3.00% September 15, 2049 $ 325Repay short-term borrowings and for
general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 3.20% September 15, 2049 $ 400Repay commercial paper obligations and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.45% June 13, 2029 $ 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Pepco Unsecured Tax-Exempt
Bonds  1.70% September 1, 2022 $ 110Refinance existing indebtedness.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 4.14% December 12, 2049 $ 75Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 3.50% May 21, 2029 $ 100Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 4.14% May 21, 2049 $ 50Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
119
Table of Contents
During 2018 , the following long term debt was issued:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  3.72% March 31, 2019 $ 4Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Smithsonian Zoo project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  3.17% January 31, 2019 $ 1Funding to install energy conservation
measures in Brooklyn, NY.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  2.61% September 30, 2018 $ 5Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Pensacola project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)
 4.17% January 31, 2019 $ 1Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the General Services
Administration Philadelphia project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)
 4.26% May 31, 2019 $ 3Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the National Institutes of
Health Multi-Buildings Phase II project.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 124
 4.00% March 1, 2048 $ 800Refinance one series of maturing first
mortgage bonds, to repay a portion of
ComEd’s outstanding commercial paper
obligations and to fund general corporate
purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 125 3.70% August 15, 2028 $ 550Repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds  3.90% March 1, 2048 $ 325Refinance a portion of maturing mortgage
bonds.
PECO Loan Agreement 2.00% June 20, 2023 $ 50Funding to implement Electric Long-term
Infrastructure Improvement Plan.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds 3.90% March 1, 2048 $ 325Satisfy short-term borrowings from the
Exelon intercompany money pool and for
general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 4.25% September 15, 2048 $ 300Repay commercial paper obligations and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 4.27% June 15, 2048 $ 100Repay outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 4.31% November 1, 2048 $ 100Repay outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 4.27% June 15, 2048 $ 200Repay outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds
 4.00% October 15, 2028 $ 350Refinance ACE’s 7.75% First Mortgage
Bonds due November 15, 2018, reduce
short-term borrowings and for general
corporate purposes.
__________
(a)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
120
Table of Contents
During 2017 , the following long term-debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity  Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon
CorporateJunior Subordinated
Notes3.50% June 1, 2022 $ 1,150Refinance Exelon's Junior Subordinated
Notes issued in June 2014.
Generation Albany Green Energy
Project Financing(a)LIBOR + 1.25% November 17, 2017 $ 14Albany Green Energy biomass generation
development.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.90%
 February 1, 2018
 $ 19Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Naval Station Great
Lakes project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.72% May 1, 2018 $ 5Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Smithsonian Zoo project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)2.61% September 30, 2018 $ 13Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Pensacola project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.53%
 April 1, 2019
 $ 8Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the State Department
project.
Generation Senior Notes 2.95%
 January 15, 2020
 $ 250Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations and for general corporate
purposes.
Generation Senior Notes 3.40%
 March 15, 2020
 $ 500Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations and for general corporate
purposes.
Generation ExGen Texas Power
Nonrecourse Debt(b)(c)LIBOR + 4.75% September 18, 2021 $ 6General corporate purposes.
Generation ExGen Renewables IV,
Nonrecourse Debt(b)LIBOR + 3.00% November 30, 2024 $ 850General corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1222.95%
 August 15, 2027
 $ 350Refinance maturing mortgage bonds,
repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1233.75%
 August 15, 2047
 $ 650Refinance maturing mortgage bonds,
repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds3.70% September 15, 2047 $ 325General corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 3.75%
 August 15, 2047
 $ 300Redeem $250 million in principal amount
of the 6.20% Deferrable Interest
Subordinated Debentures due October 15,
2043 issued by BGE's affiliate BGE Capital
Trust II, repay commercial paper
obligations and for general corporate
purposes.
Pepco Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.30%
 December 15, 2017
 $ 2Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the DOE Germantown
project.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 4.15% March 15, 2043 $ 200Funding to repay outstanding commercial
paper and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
(b)See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
121
Table of Contents
(c)As a result of the bankruptcy filing for EGTP on November 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from Exelon's and Generation's
consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
During 2019 , the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company(a)  Type  Interest Rate Maturity  Amount
Exelon  Long-Term Software License Agreement  3.95% May 1, 2024  $ 18
Generation  Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt(b)  2.33% - 3.56% January 5, 2037  $ 23
Generation  Kennett Square Capital Lease  7.83% September 20, 2020  $ 5
Generation  Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt(b)  6.00% February 28, 2033  $ 32
Generation  Pollution control notes  2.50% March 1, 2019  $ 23
Generation  Renewable Power Generation Nonrecourse Debt(b) 4.11% March 31, 2035  $ 10
Generation  Energy Efficiency Project Financing  3.46% April 30, 2019  $ 39
Generation  ExGen Renewables IV Nonrecourse debt(b)  3mL +3% November 30, 2024  $ 38
Generation  Hannie Mae, LLC Defense Financing  4.12% November 30, 2019  $ 1
Generation  Energy Efficiency Project Financing  3.72% July 31, 2019  $ 25
Generation  NUKEM  3.15% September 30, 2020  $ 36
Generation  SolGen Nonrecourse Debt(b)  3.93% September 30, 2036  $ 6
Generation  Energy Efficiency Project Financing  4.17% October 31, 2019  $ 1
Generation  Energy Efficiency Project Financing  3.53% March 31, 2020  $ 1
Generation  Energy Efficiency Project Financing  4.26% September 30, 2019  $ 1
Generation  Senior Notes  5.20% October 1, 2019  $ 600
Generation  Dominion Federal Corp  3.17% October 31, 2019  $ 18
Generation  Fort Detrick Project Financing  3.55% October 31, 2019  $ 1
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds  2.15% January 15, 2019  $ 300
Pepco  Secured Tax-Exempt Bonds  6.20% - 7.49% 2021 - 2022  $ 110
DPL  Medium Term Notes, Unsecured  7.61% December 2, 2019  $ 12
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.55% October 20, 2023  $ 18
__________
(a)On January 15, 2020, Generation redeemed $1 billion of 2.95% Senior Notes at maturity.
(b)See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
122
Table of Contents
During 2018 , the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity  Amount
Exelon
Corporate  Long-Term Software License Agreement  3.95% May 1, 2024  $ 6
Generation  Naval Station Great Lakes Project Financing  3.90% June 30, 2018  $ 41
Generation  Smithsonian Zoo Project Financing  3.72% March 31, 2019  $ 1
Generation  Pensacola Project Financing  2.61% September 30, 2018  $ 21
Generation  Fort Detrick Project Financing  3.55% June 30, 2019  $ 19
Generation  Holyoke Nonrecourse Debt(a)  5.25% December 31, 2031  $ 1
Generation  SolGen Nonrecourse Debt(a)  3.93% September 30, 2036  $ 10
Generation  Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt(a)  2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037  $ 22
Generation  Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt(a)  6.00% February 28, 2033  $ 33
Generation  Renewable Power Generation Nonrecourse Debt(a)  4.11% March 31, 2035  $ 11
Generation  Kennett Square Capital Lease  7.83% September 20, 2020  $ 4
Generation  ExGen Renewables IV Nonrecourse Debt(a)  3mL+300 bps November 30, 2024  $ 16
Generation  NUKEM  3.15% - 3.35% 2018 - 2020  $ 43
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds  5.80% March 15, 2018  $ 700
ComEd  Notes  6.95% July 15, 2018  $ 140
PECO  First Mortgage Bonds  5.35% March 1, 2018  $ 500
DPL  Medium Term Notes, Unsecured  6.81% January 9, 2018  $ 4
Pepco  Notes  3.30% August 31, 2018  $ 5
Pepco  Third Party Financing  7.28-7.99% 2021 - 2023  $ 1
ACE  First Mortgage Bonds  7.75% November 15, 2018  $ 250
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.05% - 5.55% 2020 - 2023  $ 31
__________
(a)See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
123
Table of Contents
During 2017 , the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity  Amount
Exelon
Corporate  Long-Term Software License Agreement  3.95% May 1, 2024  $ 24
Exelon
Corporate  Senior Notes  1.55% June 9, 2017  $ 550
Generation  Senior Notes - Exelon Wind  2.00% July 31, 2017  $ 1
Generation  CEU Upstream Nonrecourse Debt(a)  LIBOR + 2.25% January 14, 2019  $ 6
Generation  SolGen Nonrecourse Debt(a)  3.93% September 30, 2036  $ 2
Generation  Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt(a)  2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037  $ 22
Generation  Kennett Square Capital Lease  7.83% September 20, 2020  $ 2
Generation  Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt(a)  6.00% February 28, 2033  $ 31
Generation  PES - PGOV Notes Payable  6.70-7.60% 2017 - 2018  $ 1
Generation  ExGen Texas Power Nonrecourse Debt (a)(b)  LIBOR + 4.75% September 18, 2021  $ 665
Generation  Renewable Power Generation Nonrecourse Debt(a)  4.11% March 31, 2035  $ 14
Generation  NUKEM  3.25% - 3.35% June 30, 2018  $ 23
Generation  ExGen Renewables I, Nonrecourse Debt(a)  LIBOR + 4.25% February 6, 2021  $ 233
Generation  Senior Notes  6.20% October 1, 2017  $ 700
Generation  Albany Green Energy Project Financing  LIBOR + 1.25% November 17, 2017  $ 212
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds  6.15% September 15, 2017  $ 425
BGE  Rate Stabilization Bonds  5.82% April 1, 2017  $ 41
BGE  Capital Trust Preferred Securities  6.20% October 15, 2043  $ 258
PHI  Senior Notes  6.13% June 1, 2017  $ 81
DPL  Medium Term Notes, Unsecured  7.56% - 7.58% February 1, 2017  $ 14
DPL  Variable Rate Demand Bonds  Variable October 1, 2017  $ 26
Pepco  Third Party Financing  6.97% - 7.99% 2018 - 2022  $ 1
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.05% - 5.55% 2020 - 2023  $ 35
__________
(a)See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
(b)As a result of the bankruptcy filing for EGTP on November 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from Exelon's and Generation's
consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
From time to time and as market conditions warrant, the Registrants may engage in long-term  debt retirements via tender offers,
open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
124
Table of Contents
Dividends
Quarterly dividends declared by the Exelon Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2019  and for the first quarter of
2020  were as follows:
Period Declaration Date Shareholder of Record Date Dividend Payable DateCash per
Share(a)
First Quarter 2019 February 5, 2019 February 20, 2019  March 8, 2019 $ 0.3625
Second Quarter 2019 April 30, 2019 May 15, 2019  June 10, 2019 $ 0.3625
Third Quarter 2019 July 30, 2019 August 15, 2019  September 10, 2019 $ 0.3625
Fourth Quarter 2019 November 1, 2019 November 15, 2019  December 10, 2019 $ 0.3625
First Quarter 2020 January 28, 2020 February 20, 2020  March 10, 2020 $ 0.3825
___________
(a)Exelon's Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through
2020, beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
Other
For the year ended December 31, 2019 , other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. See Note 16 — Debt and
Credit Agreements  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements’  for additional information.
Credit Matters
Market Conditions
The Registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through
cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. The
credit faciliti es include $10.6 billion  in aggregate total commitments of which $7.4 billion  was available to supp ort additional
commercial paper as of December 31, 2019 , and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate commitments
for the Registrants. The Registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2019  to fund their short-term liquidity needs,
when necessary . The Registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit
facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related
transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. The Registrants have continued to
closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring
credit ratings  and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity . See PART I. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for
additional information regarding the ef fects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
The Registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient
liquidity . If Generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2019 , it would have been required to provide
incremental collateral of $1.5 billion to meet collateral oblig ations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases and normal
sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements,
which is well within the $4.2 billion  of available credit capacity of its revolver .
125
Table of Contents
The following table presents the incremental collateral that each Utility Registrant would have been required to provide in the event
each Utility Registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at December 31, 2019  and availab le credit facility capacity prior to any
incremental collateral at December 31, 2019 :
 PJM Credit Policy
CollateralOther Incremental Collateral
Required(a)Available Credit Facility
Capacity Prior to Any
Incremental Collateral
ComEd $ 11 $ — $ 868
PECO — 44 600
BGE 11 50 524
Pepco 11 — 218
DPL 4 11 244
ACE — — 230
__________
(a)Represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
Exelon Credit Facilities
Exelon Corporate, ComEd and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper .
Generation and PECO meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and
borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily
through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-
term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool.  The
Registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding
requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  credit facilities and short term borrowing activity .
Other Credit Matters
Capital Structure.  At December 31, 2019 , the capital structures of the Registrants consisted of the following:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Long-term debt 50% 31% 44% 44% 47% 40% 49% 49% 50%
Long-term debt to
affiliates(a)1% 4% —% 2% —% —% —% —% —%
Common equity 47% —% 55% 54% 52% — 50% 49% 47%
Member ’s equity —% 64% —% —% —% 59% —  —  —
Commercial paper
and notes payable 2% 1% 1 —% 1% 1% 1% 2% 3%
__________ 
(a)Includes approximately $390 million, $205 million and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of Exelon, ComEd, and PECO respectively.
These special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of ComEd and
PECO. See Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the authoritative guidance for VIEs.
Security Ratings
The Registra nts’ access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those
markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
The Registrants’  borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a
downgrading of a Registrant’ s securities could increase fees and interest charges under that Registrant’ s credit agreements.
126
Table of Contents
As part of the normal course of business, the Registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the
Registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for
doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the Registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency ,
it is possible  that a coun terparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making  a demand for adequate assurance
of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
Intercompany Money Pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing, both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed
from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of December 31, 2019 , are presen ted in the following
tables:
Exelon Intercompany Money Pool For the Year Ended December 31, 2019As of
December 31, 2019
Contributed (borrowed)Maximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Exelon Corporate $ 467 $ — $ 121
Generation 212 (235) —
PECO 164 (85) 68
BSC 18 (383) (232)
PHI Corporate — (12) (12)
PCI 60 — 55
PHI Intercompany Money Pool For the Year Ended December 31, 2019As of
December 31, 2019
Contributed (borrowed)Maximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Pepco $ 63 $ — $ —
DPL 3 (45) —
ACE — (29) —
127
Table of Contents
Shelf Registration Statements. Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have a currently effective
combined shelf registration statement unlimited  in amount, filed with the SEC, that will expire in August 2022. The ability of each
Registrant to sell securities off the shelf registrat ion statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number
of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial
condition of the Registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
Regulatory Authorizations. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing
authority from Federal and State Commissions as follows:
  Short-term Financing Authority(a)(b)
 Long-term Financing Authority(a)
Commission Expiration Date Amount Commission  Expiration Date  Amount (c)
ComEd(c) FERC December 31, 2021 $ 2,500 ICC  2021 & 2023  $ 1,893
PECO  FERC December 31, 2021 1,500 PAPUC  December 31, 2021 1,575
BGE  FERC December 31, 2021 700 MDPSC  N/A  —
Pepco  FERC December 31, 2021 500 MDPSC / DCPSC  December 31, 2022 1,200
DPL  FERC December 31, 2021 500 MDPSC / DPSC  December 31, 2022 475
ACE  NJBPU December 31, 2021 350 NJBPU  December 31, 2020 200
__________
(a)Generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from FERC in connection with its market-based rate authority.
(b)On October 15, 2019, ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL filed applications with FERC and on September 12, 2019, ACE filed an application with
NJBPU for renewal of their short-term financing authority through December 31, 2021. ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL received approval on
December 13, 2019 and ACE received approval on December 6, 2019.
(c)As of December 31, 2019, ComEd had $393 million in new money long-term debt financing authority from the ICC with an expiration date of
August 1, 2021. On January 22, 2020, ComEd had an additional $1.5 billion available in new money long-term debt financing authority from the
ICC with an effective date of February 1, 2020 and an expiration date of February 1, 2023.
128
Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The following tables summarize the Registrants’  future estimated cash payments as of December 31, 2019  under existing
contractual obligations, including payments due by period.
Exelon
 Payment due within
 Total 20202021 -
20222023 -
20242025
and beyond
Long-term debt(a)$ 35,910 $ 4,704  $ 4,594  $ 2,442  $ 24,170
Interest payments on long-term debt(b)22,608 1,356  2,586  2,357  16,309
Finance leases 40 6 11 9 14
Operating leases(c)1,361 144  267  197  753
Purchase power obligations(d)1,201 312  672  198  19
Fuel purchase agreements(e)6,217 1,209  1,852  1,380  1,776
Electric supply procurement 2,049 1,310  731  8 —
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 2,284 254  534  448  1,048
Other purchase obligations(f)8,308 6,189  1,139  274  706
DC PLUG obligation 130 30 60 40 —
SNF obligation 1,199 — — — 1,199
ZEC commitments 1,313 164  328  328  493
Pension contributions(g)3,030 505  1,010  1,010  505
Total contractual obligations $ 85,650 $ 16,183 $ 13,784 $ 8,691 $ 46,992
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2019. Includes estimated interest payments due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(c)Capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $143 million, $98
million, $55 million, $44 million, $44 million and $223 million for 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and thereafter, respectively and $607 million in
total.
(d)Purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for REC purchases and payments associated with contracted generation
agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that
are contingent in nature.
(e)Represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(f)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)These amounts represent Exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. Qualified pension contributions for years after 2025 are
not included.
Generation 
129
Table of Contents
 Payment due within
 Total 2020  2021 -
20222023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 7,938 $ 3,180  $ 1,024 $ 792  $ 2,942
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)3,575 253  480 424  2,418
Finance leases 5 2 2 1 —
Operating leases(b)809 60 122 109  518
Purchase power obligations(c)1,201 312  672 198  19
Fuel purchase agreements(d)5,056 999  1,536 1,189  1,332
Other purchase obligations(e)2,536 1,516  230 126  664
SNF obligation 1,199 — — — 1,199
Total contractual obligations $ 22,319 $ 6,322 $ 4,066 $ 2,839 $ 9,092
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2019.
(b)Capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $143 million, $98
million, $55 million, $44 million, $44 million and $223 million for 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and thereafter, respectively and $607 million in
total.
(c)Purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for REC purchases and capacity payments associated with contracted
generation agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation
contracts that are contingent in nature.
(d)Primarily represents commitments to purchase fuel supplies for nuclear and fossil generation, including those related to CENG.
(e)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Generation and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
ComEd
   Payment due within
 Total  20202021 -
2022  2023 -
20242025
and beyond
Long-term debt(a)$ 8,783  $ 500 $ 350  $ 250 $ 7,683
Interest payments on long-term debt(b)6,918  345 674  665 5,234
Finance leases 8 — — — 8
Operating leases 12 3 6 2 1
Electric supply procurement 617  403 214  — —
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 1,986  222 470  384 910
Other purchase obligations(c)1,262  1,219 36 5 2
ZEC commitments 1,313  164 328  328 493
Total contractual obligations $ 20,899  $ 2,856 $ 2,078 $ 1,634 $ 14,331
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd financing trust.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2019. Includes estimated interest payments due to the ComEd financing trust.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ComEd and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
130
Table of Contents
PECO
 Payment due within
 Total 2020  2021 -
2022  2023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt(a)$ 3,634 $ — $ 650  $ 50 $ 2,934
Interest payments on long-term debt(b)2,721 141  274  254  2,052
Operating leases 1 — 1 — —
Fuel purchase agreements(c)335 116  154  31 34
Electric supply procurement 552 441  111  — —
Other purchase obligations(d)834 727  107  — —
Total contractual obligations $ 8,077 $ 1,425 $ 1,297 $ 335 $ 5,020
__________
(a)Includes amounts from PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the PECO financing trust.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between PECO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
BGE
 Payment due within
 Total 20202021 -
2022  2023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 3,300 $ — $ 550  $ 300  $ 2,450
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)2,241 126 238  203  1,674
Operating leases 100 34 47 1 18
Fuel purchase agreements(b)522 60 94 92 276
Electric supply procurement 1,050 631 419  — —
Other purchase obligations(c)1,014 868 141  3 2
Total contractual obligations $ 8,227 $ 1,719 $ 1,489 $ 599 $ 4,420
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between BGE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
131
Table of Contents
PHI
 Payment due within
 Total 2020  2021 -
20222023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 5,967 $ 98 $ 571 $ 1,049  $ 4,249
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)4,150 269  512 463  2,906
Finance leases 28 5 8 8 7
Operating leases 346 42 79 72 153
Fuel purchase agreements(b)304 34 68 68 134
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 298 32 64 64 138
Electric supply procurement 1,787 1,040  730 17 —
Other purchase obligations(c)1,181 959  184 6 32
DC PLUG obligation 130 30 60 40 —
Total contractual obligations $ 14,219 $ 2,514  $ 2,284 $ 1,795  $ 7,626
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between PHI and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business
not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
Pepco
 Payment due within
 Total 2020  2021 -
20222023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 2,886 $ 1 $ 311 $ 399  $ 2,175
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)2,385 138  271 249  1,727
Finance leases 11 1 2 3 5
Operating leases 70 8 16 12 34
Electric supply procurement 803 445  341 17 —
Other purchase obligations(b)663 489  145 4 25
DC PLUG obligation 130 30 60 40 —
Total contractual obligations $ 6,959 $ 1,113  $ 1,148 $ 727  $ 3,971
__________ 
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
132
Table of Contents
DPL
   Payment due within
 Total  20202021 -
20222023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 1,568  $ 78 $ — $ 500  $ 990
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)1,087  60 120 99 808
Finance leases 10 2 4 3 1
Operating leases 91 11 21 18 41
Fuel purchase agreements(b)304  34 68 68 134
Long-term renewable energy and associated REC
commitments 298  32 64 64 138
Electric supply procurement 458  288 170 — —
Other purchase obligations(c)280  262 18 — —
Total contractual obligations $ 4,096  $ 767 $ 465 $ 752  $ 2,112
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between DPL and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
ACE
   Payment due within
 Total  20202021 -
20222023 -
2024  2025
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 1,327  $ 19 $ 260 $ 150  $ 898
Interest payments on long-term debt (a)503  57 93 87 266
Finance leases 8 1 2 2 3
Operating leases 20 5 8 5 2
Electric supply procurement 526  307 219 — —
Other purchase obligations(b)200  185 15 — —
Total contractual obligations $ 2,584  $ 574 $ 597 $ 244  $ 1,169
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2019 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2019 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ACE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
133
Table of Contents
See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information  of the Registrants’  other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
Additionally , see below for where to find addition al information regarding certain contractual obligations in the Combined Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements:
Item Location within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Finance Leases Note 10 — Leases
Operating Leases Note 10 — Leases
DC PLUG obligation Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
ZEC Commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
REC Commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters & Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
Long-term debt Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Interest payments on long-term debt Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Pension contributions Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
SNF obligation Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Registrants are exposed to market risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, counterparty credit, interest
rates and equity prices. Exelon’ s RMC approves risk management policies and objectives for risk assessment, control and valuation,
counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring  and reporting of risk exposures. The RMC is chaired by the chief executive officer
and includes the chief risk officer, chief strategy officer, chief executive officer of Exelon Utilities, chief commercial officer, chief
financial officer and chief executive officer of Constellation. The RMC reports to the Finance and Risk Committee of the Exelon
Board of Directors on the scope of the risk management activities.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Commodity price risk is associated with price movements resulting from changes in supply and demand, fuel costs, market liquidity ,
weather conditions, governmental regulatory and environmental policies and other factors. To the extent the total amount of energy
Exelon generates and purchases dif fers from the amount of energy it has contracted
to sell, Exelon is expose d to market fluctuations  in commodity prices. Exelon seeks to mitigate its commodity price risk through the
sale and purchase of electricity , fossil fuel and other commodities.
Generation
Electricity available from Generation’ s owned or contracted generation supply in excess of Generation’ s obligations to customers,
including portions of the Utility Registrants' retail load, is sold into the wholesale markets. To reduce commodity price risk caused by
market fluctuations, Generation enters into non-derivative contracts as well as derivative contracts, including swaps, futures,
forwards and options, with approved counterpa rties to hedge anticipated exposures. Generat ion uses derivative instruments as
economic hedges to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. Generation expects  the settlement of the majority of its
economic hedges will occur during 2020  through 2022 .
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions which have not been hedged. Exelon's hedging program involves the hedging of
commodity price risk for Exelon's expected generation, typically on a ratable basis over three -year periods. As of December 31,
2019 , the percen tage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York and ERCOT  reportable segments is
91%-94% and 61%-64% for 2020  and 2021 , respective ly.  The percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of
equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. Expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our
commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generation based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes
assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power , fuel, load following products and
options. Equivalent sales represent all hedging  products, which include economic hedges and certain non-derivative contracts,
including Generation’ s sales to ComEd, PECO and BGE to serve their retail load.
A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be accomplished with fuel products based on assumed correlations between power
and fuel prices, which routinely change in the market. Market price risk exposure is the risk of a change in the value of unhedged
positions. The forecasted market price risk exposure for Generation’ s entire economic hedge portfolio associated with a $5 reduc tion
in the annual average around-the-clock energy price based on December 31, 2019  market conditions and hedged position would be
decreases in pre-tax net income of approximately $25 million and $331 million , respectively , for 2020  and 2021 . Power price
sensitivities are derived by adjusting power price assumptions while keeping all other price inputs constant. Generation actively
manages its portfolio to mitigate market price risk exposure for its unhedged position. Actual results could differ depending on the
specific timing of, and markets affected by, price changes, as well as future changes in Generation’ s portfolio. See Note 15 —
Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Fuel Procurement
Generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts, and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies
are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. Supply market conditions
may make Generation’ s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to
deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. Approximately 60% of Generat ion’s uranium concentrate
requirements from 2020  through 2024  are supplied by three suppliers. In the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers,
Generation believes that replacement uranium concentrates can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when
compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. Non-performance by these counterparties could have a material
adverse impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements.
Utility Registrants
ComEd entered into 20-year floating-to-fixed renewable energy swap contracts beginning in June 2012, which are considered an
economic hedge and have changes in fair value recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset or liability . ComEd has block energy
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process, which are considered derivatives
and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accoun ted for on an accrual basis of accounting. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process. BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have
certain full requirements contracts,
134
Table of Contents
which are considered derivatives and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accounted for on an accrual basis of accounting. Other
full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
PECO, BGE  and DPL also have executed derivative natural gas contracts, which either qualify for NPNS or have no mark-to-market
balances because the derivatives are index priced, to hedge their long-term price risk in the natural gas market. The hedging
programs for natural gas procurement have no direct impact on their financial statements. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE do not
execute derivatives for speculative or proprietary trading purposes.
For additiona l information on these contracts, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Trading and Non-Trading Marketing Activities
The followin g table detailing Exelon’ s, Genera tion’s and ComEd’ s trading and non-trading marketing activities are included to
address the recommended disclosures by the energy industry’ s Committee of Chief Risk Of ficers (CCRO).
The following table provides detail on changes in Exelon’ s, Generation’ s and ComEd’ s commodity mark-to-market net asset or
liability balance sheet position from December 31, 2017  to December 31, 2019 . It indicates the drivers behind changes in the
balance sheet amounts. This table incorporates the mark-to-market activities that are immediately recorded in earnings. This table
excludes all NPNS contracts and does not segre gate proprietary trading activity . See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of
the Combine d Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the balance sheet classification of the mark-
to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) recorded as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 .
 Exelon  Generation  ComEd
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2017(a)$ 667 $ 923  $ (256)
Total change in fair value during 2018 of contracts recorded in result of operations 270  270  —
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations (570) (570) —
Contracts received at acquisition date(d)(19) (19) —
Changes in fair value—recorded through regulatory assets and liabilities(b)8 — 7
Changes in allocated collateral (110) (109) —
Net option premium received 43 43 —
Option premium amortization (10) (10) —
Upfront payments and amortizations(c) 20 20 —
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2018(a) 299  548  (249)
Total change in fair value during 2019 of contracts recorded in result of operations (427) (427) —
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations 226  226  —
Changes in fair value—recorded through regulatory assets and liabilities(b)(52) — (52)
Changes in allocated collateral 572  572  —
Net option premium paid 29 29 —
Option premium amortization (22) (22) —
Upfront payments and amortizations(c) (58) (58) —
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2019(a) $ 567  $ 868  $ (301)
__________
135
Table of Contents
(a)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties.
(b)For ComEd, the changes in fair value are recorded as a change in regulatory assets or liabilities. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, ComEd
recorded a regulatory liability of $249 million and $301 million, respectively, related to its mark-to-market derivative liabilities with Generation and
unaffiliated suppliers. ComEd recorded $24 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $17
million in purchased power expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2018. ComEd
recorded $78 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $26 million recorded in purchased
power expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2019.
(c)Includes derivative contracts acquired or sold by Generation through upfront payments or receipts of cash, excluding option premiums, and the
associated amortizations.
(d)Includes fair value from contracts received at acquisition of the Everett Marine Terminal.
Fair Values
The following tables present maturity and source of fair value for Exelon, Generation and ComEd mark-to-market commodity
contract net assets (liabilities). The tables provide two fundamental pieces of information. First, the tables provide the source of fair
value used in determin ing the carrying amoun t of the Registrants’  total mark-to-market net assets (liabilities), net of allocated
collateral. Second, the tables show the matur ity, by year, of the Registrants’  commodity contract net assets (liabilities) net of
allocated collateral, giving an indication of when these mark-to-market amounts will settle and either generate or require cash. See
Note 17 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy .
Exelon
 Maturities Within  
Total Fair
Value  2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 and
Beyond  
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative
contracts(a)(b):          
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $(102) $(33)$(18) $ 5$ 8 $ — $ (140)
Prices provided by external sources (Level
2) 161  39 (9) — — — 191
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3)(c)383  194 85 3 (18) (131) 516
Total $442  $200 $ 58 $ 8$(10) $ (131) $ 567
__________
(a)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in results of operations.
(b)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $929
million at December 31, 2019.
(c)Includes ComEd’s net assets (liabilities) associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
136
Table of Contents
Generation
 Maturities Within  
Total Fair
Value  2020 2021 2022 2023 20242025 and
Beyond  
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative
contracts(a)(b):        
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $(102) $(33)$(18)$ 5 $ 8$ — $ (140)
Prices provided by external sources (Level
2) 161  39 (9) — — — 191
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3) 415  223 113 30 10 26 817
Total $474  $229 $ 86 $ 35 $ 18 $ 26 $ 868
__________
(a)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in the results of operations.
(b)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $929
million at December 31, 2019.
ComEd
 Maturities Within
Fair
Value Commodity derivative contracts (a) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 and
Beyond
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3)(a) $(32) $(29)$(28) $(27)$(28) $ (157)$ (301)
__________
(a)Represents ComEd’s net liabilities associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
137
Table of Contents
Credit Risk (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties that execute derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date. See Note 15—Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a
detailed discussion of credit risk.
Generation
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, normal purchases and normal
sales agreements, and payables and receivables , net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as
of December 31, 2019 . The tables further delin eate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the
concentration of credit risk to individual counterparties and an indication of the duration of a company’ s credit risk by credit rating of
the counterp arties. The figures in the table below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail customers, uranium procurement
contracts, and exposure through R TOs, ISOs and commodity exchanges, which are discussed below .
Rating as of December 31, 2019Total
Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral  Credit
Collateral (a) Net
ExposureNumber of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net ExposureNet Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 877  $ 20 $ 857 — $ —
Non-investment grade 79 63 16 — —
No external ratings      
Internally rated—investment
grade 218  — 218 — —
Internally rated—non-
investment grade 139  23 116 — —
Total $ 1,313  $ 106  $ 1,207 — $ —
 Maturity of Credit Risk Exposure
Rating as of December 31, 2019Less than
2 Years2-5
YearsExposure
Greater than
5 Years  Total Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral
Investment grade $ 834 $ 40 $ 3 $ 877
Non-investment grade 78 1 — 79
No external ratings     
Internally rated—investment grade 162 30 26 218
Internally rated—non-investment grade 123 10 6 139
Total $ 1,197 $ 81 $ 35 $ 1,313
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty As of December 31, 2019
Financial institutions $ 9
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 930
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 235
Other 33
Total $ 1,207
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2019, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $25 million of cash and $81
million of letters of credit.
138
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants
Credit risk for the Utility Registrants is gove rned by credit and collection policies, which are aligned with state regulatory
requirements. The Utility Registrants are currently obligated to provide service to all electric customers within their franchised
territories. The Utility Registrants record a provision for uncollectible accounts, based upon historical experience, to provide for the
potential loss from nonpayment by these custom ers. The Utility Registrants will monitor nonpayment from customers and will make
any necessary adjustments to the provision for uncollectible accounts. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the allowance for uncollectible accounts policy . The Utility Registrants did
not have any customers representing over 10% of their revenues as of December 31, 2019 . See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
As of December 31, 2019 , ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE's net credit exposure to suppliers was immaterial. See Note
15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features (All Registrants)
Generation
As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physical or financial contracts for the sale and purchase of
electricity , natural gas and other commodities. In accordance with the contracts and applicable law, if Generation is downgraded by a
credit rating agency , especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would
attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance. Depending on
Generation’ s net position with a counterparty , the demand could be for the posting of collateral. In the absence of expressly agreed-
to provisions  that specify the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circumstances of
the situation at the time of the demand. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding collateral requirements. See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regardin g the letters of credit supporting the
cash collateral.
Generation transacts output through bilateral contracts. The bilateral contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of
counterparties to meet their contractual payment obligations. Any failure to collect these payments from counterparties could have a
material impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements. As market prices rise above or fall below contracted price levels,
Generation is required to post collateral with purchasers; as market prices fall below contracted price levels, counterparties are
required to post collatera l with Generation. To post collateral, Generation depends on access to bank credit facilities, which serve as
liquidity sources to fund collateral requirements. See ITEM 7. Liquidity and Capital Resources  — Credit Matters — Exelon Credit
Facilities for additional information.
The Utility Registrants
As of December 31, 2019 , the Utility Registrants were not required to post collateral under their energy and/or natural gas
procurement contracts. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Comb ined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
RTOs and ISOs (All Registrants)
All Registran ts participat e in all, or some, of the established, wholesale spot energy markets that are administered by PJM, ISO-NE,
NYISO, CAISO, MISO, SPP, AESO, OIESO and ERCOT . ERCOT  is not subject to regulatio n by FERC but performs a similar
function in Texas to that performed by RTOs in markets regulated by FERC. In these areas, power is traded through bilateral
agreements between buyers and sellers and on the spot energy markets that are administered by the RTOs or ISOs, as applicable.
In areas where there is no spot energy market, electricity is purchased and sold solely through bilateral agreements. For sales into
the spot markets admini stered by an RTO or ISO, the RTO or ISO maintains financial assurance policies that are established and
enforced by those admin istrators. The credit policies of the RTOs and ISOs may, under certain circumstances, require that losses
arising from the default of one member on spot energy market transactions be shared by the remaining participants.
139
Table of Contents
Non-performance or non-payment by a major counterparty could result in a material adverse impact on the Registrants’  financial
statements.
Exchange T raded T ransactions (Exelon, Generation, PHI and DPL)
Generation enters into commodity transactions on NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX and the Nodal exchange ("the Exchanges"). DPL
enters into commodity transactions on ICE. The Exchange clearinghouses act as the counterpart y to each trade. Transactions on the
Exchanges must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. As a result, transactions on Exchanges are
significantly collateralized and have limited counterparty credit risk.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation use a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage interest rate exposure. Exelon and
Generation may also utilize interest rate swaps to manage their interest rate exposure. A hypoth etical 50 basis point increase in the
interest rates  associated with unhedged variable -rate debt (excluding Commercial Paper) and fixed-to-floating swaps would result in
approximately a $5 million decre ase in Exelon pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2019 . To manage  foreign exchange
rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, Generation utilizes foreign
currency derivatives, which are typically design ated as economic hedges. See Note 15—Derivative Financial Instruments  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Equity Price Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation maintain trust funds, as required by the NRC, to fund certain costs of decommissioning its nuclear plants. As
of December 31, 2019 , Generation’ s NDT funds are reflected at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The mix of securities
in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to compensate Generation for inflationary
increases in decommissioning costs; however , the equity securities in the trust funds are exposed to price fluctuations in equity
markets, and the value of fixed-rate, fixed-income securities are exposed to changes in interest  rates. Generation actively monitors
the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocation in acco rdance with Generation’ s NDT fund
investment policy . A hypo thetical 10% increase in interest rates and decrease in equity prices would result in a $610 million reduction
in the fair value of the trust assets. This calcula tion holds all other variables constant and assu mes only the discussed changes in
interest rates and equity prices. See Liquidity and Capital Resources section of ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  for additional information of equity price risk as a result
of the current capital and credit market conditions.
140
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Generation
General
Generation’ s integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical
regions through its customer-facing business, Constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. Generation has five reportable
segments consisting of the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions . These segments are discussed in
further detail in ITEM 1.  BUSINESS  — Exelon Generation Company , LLC  of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s executive overview is set forth under ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  — Exelon Corporation  — Executive Overview  of this
Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion  of Generation’ s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—Gene ration
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Generation’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. Generation’ s capital resources are primarily
provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , extern al financing, including the issuance
of long-term debt, commercial paper , participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from Exelon. Generation’ s
access to external finan cing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that
of the utility industry in general. If these conditio ns deteriorate to where Generation no longer has access to the capital markets at
reasonable terms, Gene ration has credit facilities  in the aggregate of $5.3 billion that currently support its commercial paper program
and issuances of letters of credit. 
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund Generation’ s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. Generation spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
141
Table of Contents
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to Gener ation is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of Genera tion’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth
under Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of Generation’ s critical accounting policies
and estimates. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Generation
Generation is exposed to market risks associated with credit, interest rates and equity price. These risks are described above under
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk — Exelon.
142
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
ComEd
General
ComEd operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision of distribu tion and transmission services to retail customers in northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago. This
segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—ComEd of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION—Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion of ComEd ’s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Resu lts of Operations—ComEd in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
ComEd’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ComEd’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. ComEd’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on
its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. At December 31, 2019 , ComEd had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund ComEd’ s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. ComEd spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , ComEd operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash  flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
143
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to ComEd is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of ComEd’ s contractual obligations , commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of ComEd’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
ComEd
ComEd is exposed to market risks associated with commodity price and credit. These risks are described above under Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
144
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
PECO
General
PECO opera tes in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern Pennsylvania including the City of Philadelphia, and the
purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in Pennsylvania in the counties surrounding
the City of Philadelphia. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—PECO of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to PECO’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION—Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion of PECO’ s results of operations for 2019  comp ared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—PE CO in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
PECO’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. PECO’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. PECO’ s access to external financing at reasonable
terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these
conditions deteriorate to where PECO no longer has access to the capital markets at reasona ble terms, PECO has access to a
revolving credit facility . At December 31, 2019 , PECO had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of
$600 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund PECO’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. PECO spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , PECO operates in a rate-regulated  environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
145
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to PECO is set forth under Credit Matters in “EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of PECO’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of PECO’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
PECO
PECO is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
146
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
BGE
General
BGE operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services in central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore, and the purchase and
regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore. This
segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—BGE of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to BGE’ s execut ive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPO RATION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion of BGE’ s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—BGE in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
BGE’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. BGE’ s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper . BGE’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general
business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deteri orate to where BGE no longer has
access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, BGE has access to a revolving credit facility . At December 31, 2019 , BGE  had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund BGE’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. BGE spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , BGE operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new inves tment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Investing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
147
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to BGE is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of BGE’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of BGE’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
BGE
BGE is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are desc ribed above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
148
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
PHI
General
PHI has three reportab le segments Pepco, DPL, and ACE. Its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale
and supply of natural gas in Delaware. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — PHI of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion  of PHI’s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—PHI in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
PHI’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. PHI’s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the Exelon money pool or capital contributions from Exelon. PHI’s access to external
financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions,  as well as that of the utility industry
in general.
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund PHI’s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. PHI spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “Cas h Flows from Investing Activities” in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
149
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to PHI is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON COR PORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of PHI’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance shee t arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of PHI’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
PHI
PHI is exposed to mark et risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk — Exelon.
150
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Pepco
General
Pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision  of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in District of Columbia and major portions of Prince
George’ s County and Montgomery County in Maryland. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Pepco
of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to Pepco’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPO RATION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K. 
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion of Pepco’ s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—Pepco in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Pepco’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. Pepco’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. Pepco’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on
its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.  At December 31, 2019 , Pepc o had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund Pepco’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. Pepco spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , Pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new inves tment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
151
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to Pepco is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON  CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of Pepco’ s contractual obligations , commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of Pepco’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Pepco
Pepco is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are desc ribed above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
152
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
DPL
General
DPL operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of Maryland and Delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale
and supply of natural gas in New Castle County , Delaware. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — DPL
of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to DPL’s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion of DPL’s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—DPL  in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
DPL’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. DPL’s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper . DPL’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general
business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deter iorate to where DPL no longer has
access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, DPL has access to a revolving credit facilit y. At December 31, 2019 , DPL had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund DPL’s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension  and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. DPL spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , DPL operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
153
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to DPL is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON COR PORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of DPL’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of DPL’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
DPL
DPL is expo sed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
154
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
ACE
General
ACE operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern New Jersey . This segment is discussed
in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — ACE of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to ACE’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2018
A discussion  of ACE’ s results of operations for 2019  compared to 2018  is set forth under Results of Operations—ACE in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
ACE’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ACE’ s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrow ings. ACE’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its
credit ratings and gener al business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. At December 31, 2019 , ACE had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund ACE’s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. ACE spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , ACE operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
155
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to ACE is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of ACE’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of ACE’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
ACE
ACE is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
156
Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The manage ment of Exelon Corporation (Exelo n) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Exelon’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Exelon’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 , has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 11, 2020
157
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Exelon Generation Comp any, LLC (Generation) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reaso nable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Generation’ s manageme nt conducted an assess ment of the effectiveness of Generation’ s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2019 . In making this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment,
Generation’ s management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , Generation ’s internal control over financial reporting was
effective.
 
February 11, 2020
158
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The manage ment of Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd) is responsible for establishing  and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ComEd’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ComEd’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 11, 2020
159
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of PECO Energy Company (PECO) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PECO’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PECO’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 11, 2020
160
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
BGE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, BGE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 11, 2020
161
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Pepco Holdings LLC (PHI) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PHI’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PHI’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PHI’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , PHI’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 11, 2020
162
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Potomac Electric Power Company (Pepco) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Pepco’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Pepco’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
  
February 11, 2020
163
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Delmarva Power & Light Company (DPL) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
DPL’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of DPL’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, DPL’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , DPL ’s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 11, 2020
164
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Atlantic City Electric Company (ACE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ACE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ACE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2019 , ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 11, 2020
165
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Exelon Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(1)(i), and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1)(ii), of Exelon Corporation and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). W e also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2019 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, ef fective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in
2019.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining ef fective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the ef fectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions
on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating ef fectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. W e believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
166
Table of Contents
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of ef fectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below  are matters  arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below , providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
Annual Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) Assessment
As described in Notes 1 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, Exelon Generation has a legal obligation to decommission
its nuclear generation stations following the expiration of their operating licenses. To estimate its decommissioning obligation related
to its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes, management uses a probability-weighted cash
flow model, which on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple scenarios that include significant estimates and assumptions such as
decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates, probabilistic cash flow models and discount rates. Management updates its
ARO annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its review of updated cost studies and its annual
evaluation of cost escalation factors and probabilities assigned to various scenarios. As of December 31, 2019, the nuclear
decommissioning asset retirement obligation was approximately $10.5 billion.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Exelon Generation’ s annual ARO
assessment is a critical audit matter are there was a significant amount of judgment by management when estimating its
decommissioning obligation. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity , and ef fort in performing procedures to
evaluate management’ s cash flow model and significant assumptions, including the decommissioning cost studies. In addition, the
audit ef fort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained
from these procedures.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used in management’ s ARO assessment. These procedures also included,
among others, testing management’ s process for developing the ARO estimates by evaluating the appropriateness of the cash flow
model, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s
significant assumptions, including decommissioning cost studies. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to
assist in evaluating the results of decommissioning cost studies.
Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Generation Assets
As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, Exelon Generation evaluates the carrying value of long-
lived assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those
assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to,
declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life.
Management determines if long-lived assets and asset groups are impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future
167
Table of Contents
cash flows to the carrying value. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not
recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset or asset group over its fair value. The undiscounted expected future cash flows include significant unobservable inputs
including revenue and generation forecasts and projected capital and maintenance expenditures. As of December 31, 2019, the total
carrying value of long-lived generation assets subject to this evaluation was approximately $24.2 billion.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Exelon Generation’ s impairment
assessment of long-lived generation assets is a critical audit matter are there was a significant amount of judgment by management
in assessing the recoverability of these assets or asset groups. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and ef fort
in performing procedures to evaluate the audit evidence related to the reasonableness of management’ s significant assumptions
used in management's estimates, including revenue and generation forecasts. In addition, the audit ef fort involved the use of
professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used to estimate the recoverability of Exelon Generation’ s long-lived generation
assets or asset groups. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’ s process for developing undiscounted
expected future cash flows for long-lived generation assets by evaluating the appropriateness of the future cash flow model, testing
the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s significant
assumptions, including revenue and generation forecasts. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
evaluating the reasonableness of revenue forecasts.
Level 3 Derivatives Significant Assumptions
As described in Notes 1, 15 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, Exelon Generation has derivative instruments that
include both observable and unobservable inputs. When valuing Level 3 derivatives, management utilizes various inputs and
assumptions including forward commodity prices, commodity price volatility , contractual volumes, delivery location, interest rates,
credit quality of counterparties and credit enhancements. Those derivatives with significant unobservable inputs are classified as
Level 3. As of December 31, 2019, the Company had a level 3 fair value derivative asset position of $957 million and a level 3 fair
value derivative liability position of $140 million.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the significant assumptions used to value
Exelon Generation’ s Level 3 derivatives is a critical audit matter are there was a significant amount of judgment by management in
determining the inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the Level 3 derivatives. This in turn led to significant
auditor judgment, subjectivity , and ef fort in performing procedures to evaluate audit evidence related to the reasonableness of
management’ s significant assumptions used in management’ s estimates, including forward commodity prices. In addition, the audit
effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained from
these procedures.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used to estimate the fair value of Level 3 derivatives. These procedures also
included, among others, testing management’ s process for valuing the Level 3 derivatives by evaluating the appropriateness of
management’ s model, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of
management’ s significant assumptions, including forward commodity prices. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were
used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of forward commodity prices.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in their consolidated financial statements the ef fects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations
168
Table of Contents
that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the
entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be
charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and
legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various
Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new
regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be
recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2019, there were $9.5 billion of regulatory assets and $10.4
billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to accounting for the ef fects of rate regulation
is a critical audit matter are there was a significant amount of judgment by management when assessing the impact of updates in
regulation on accounting for new and existing regulatory assets and liabilities and the evaluation of whether the regulatory assets
and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively . This in turn led to significant auditor judgment and audit ef fort to perform
procedures relating to the accounting for the impact of regulatory and legislative proceedings on new and existing regulatory assets
and liabilities.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to the
implementation of new regulatory matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also
included, among others, obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s
judgments regarding new and updated regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating
regulatory assets and liabilities based on provisions and formulas outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2000.  
169
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Exelon Generation Company , LLC
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(2)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(ii), of Exelon Generation Company , LLC
and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of Decem ber 31,
2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2019  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
Change in Accounting Principle
As discusse d in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the mann er in which it accounts for leases in
2019.    
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated  financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001.
170
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Commonwealth Edison Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(3)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(3)(ii), of Commonwe alth Edison Company
and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of Decem ber 31,
2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2019  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated financial statements in accordanc e with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000.
171
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of PECO Energy Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(4)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(4)(ii), of PECO Energy Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
Basis for Opinion
These  consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated  financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1932.
172
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(5)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(5)(ii), of Baltimore Gas and Electric
Company and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated finan cial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of Decem ber 31,
2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2019  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discusse d in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the mann er in which it accounts for leases in
2019.
Basis for Opinion
These  consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company ’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated  financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
  
173
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Pepco Holdings LLC
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(6)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)( ii), of Pepco Holdings LLC and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discusse d in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the mann er in which it accounts for leases in
2019.      
Basis for Opinion
These  consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financia l statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated financial statements in accordanc e with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the  consolidated financial statements.  W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001.
174
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Potomac Electric Power Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(ii), of Potomac Electric Power Company (the
“Company”) (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.    
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit s of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perfor m the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financ ial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosure s in the financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements.  W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
  
175
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Delmarva Power & Light Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(ii), of Delmarva Power & Light Company (the
“Company”) (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.    
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit s of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perfor m the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financ ial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosure s in the financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
 
176
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Atlantic City Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(9)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(9)(ii), of Atlantic City Electric Company and
its subsidiary (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discusse d in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the mann er in which it accounts for leases in
2019.    
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financia l statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conduct ed our audits of these consolidate d financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 11, 2020
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998.
177
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Incom e
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues  
Competitive businesses revenues$ 17,754 $ 19,168 $ 17,394
Rate-regulated utility revenues16,839 16,879 15,964
Revenues from alternative revenue programs(155) (69) 200
Total operating revenues34,438 35,978 33,558
Operating expenses   
Competitive businesses purchased power and fuel10,849 11,679 9,668
Rate-regulated utility purchased power and fuel4,648 4,991 4,367
Operating and maintenance8,615 9,337 10,025
Depreciation and amortization4,252 4,353 3,828
Taxes other than income taxes1,732 1,783 1,731
     Total operating expenses 30,096 32,143 29,619
Gain on sales of assets and businesses31 56 3
Bargain purchase gain— — 233
Gain on deconsolidation of business1 — 213
Operating income 4,374 3,891 4,388
Other income and (deductions)   
Interest expense, net(1,591 ) (1,529 ) (1,524 )
Interest expense to af filiates(25) (25) (36)
Other , net1,227 (112) 947
      Total other income and (deductions) (389) (1,666 ) (613)
Income before income taxes3,985 2,225 3,775
Income taxes774 118 (126)
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates(183) (28) (32)
Net income 3,028 2,079 3,869
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests92 74 90
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,936 $ 2,005 $ 3,779
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes  
Net income$ 3,028 $ 2,079 $ 3,869
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes   
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:   
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost(65) (66) (56)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost149 247 197
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation adjustment(289) (143) 10
Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges— 12 3
Unrealized gain on marketable securities— — 6
Unrealized gain on investments in unconsolidated af filiates1 2 4
Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency translation6 (10) 7
Other comprehensive income (198) 42 171
Comprehensive income 2,830 2,121 4,040
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests93 75 88
Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders$ 2,737 $ 2,046 $ 3,952
   
Average shares of common stock outstanding:   
Basic973 967 947
Assumed exercise and/or distributions of stock-based awards1 2 2
Diluted (a)974 969 949
Earnings per average common share:  
Basic$ 3.02 $ 2.07 $ 3.99
Diluted$ 3.01 $ 2.07 $ 3.98
__________
(a) The number of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive ef fect was immaterial for the
year ended December 31, 2019 and approximately 3 million  and 8 million  for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively .
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
178
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Cash flows from operating activities  
Net income$ 3,028 $ 2,079 $ 3,869
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:   
Depreciation, amortization and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization5,780 5,971 5,427
Asset impairments201 50 573
Gain on sales of assets and businesses(27) (56) (3)
Bargain purchase gain— — (233)
Gain on deconsolidation of business— — (213)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits681 (108) (362)
Net fair value changes related to derivatives222 294 151
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on NDT  funds(663) 303 (616)
Other non-cash operating activities613 1,131 728
Changes in assets and liabilities:   
Accounts receivable(243) (565) (470)
Inventories(87) (37) (72)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses(425) 551 (388)
Option premiums (paid) received, net(29) (43) 28
Collateral (posted) received, net(438) 82 (158)
Income taxes(64) 340 299
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions(408) (383) (405)
Other assets and liabilities(1,482 ) (965) (675)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 6,659 8,644 7,480
Cash flows from investing activities   
Capital expenditures(7,248 ) (7,594 ) (7,584 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales10,051 8,762 7,845
Investment in NDT  funds(10,087 ) (8,997 ) (8,113 )
Reduction of restricted cash from deconsolidation of business— — (87)
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net(41) (154) (208)
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses53 91 219
Other investing activities12 58 (43)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (7,260 ) (7,834 ) (7,971 )
Cash flows from financing activities  
Changes in short-term borrowings781 (338) (261)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days— 126 621
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days(125) (1) (700)
Issuance of long-term debt1,951 3,115 3,470
Retirement of long-term debt(1,287 ) (1,786 ) (2,490 )
Retirement of long-term debt to financing trust— — (250)
Common stock issued from treasury stock
— — 1,150
Dividends paid on common stock(1,408 ) (1,332 ) (1,236 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans112 105 150
Sale of noncontrolling interests— — 396
Other financing activities(82) (108) (83)
Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities (58) (219) 767
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash(659) 591 276
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period1,781 1,190 914
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 1,122 $ 1,781 $ 1,190
   
Supplemental cash flow information   
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (7)$ (69)$ 42
Increase (decrease) in PPE related to ARO update 968 (107) 29
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
179
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 587 $ 1,349
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 358 247
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $243 and $283 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively)
4,592 4,607
Other  (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $48 and $36 as of December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 1,583 1,256
Mark-to-market derivative assets 679 804
Unamortized energy contract assets 47 48
Inventories, net   
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 312 334
Materials and supplies 1,456 1,351
Regulatory assets 1,170 1,190
Assets held for sale — 904
Other 1,253 1,238
Total current assets 12,037 13,328
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$23,979 and $22,902 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 80,233 76,707
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 8,335 8,237
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 13,190 11,661
Investments 464 625
Goodwill 6,677 6,677
Mark-to-market derivative assets 508 452
Unamortized energy contract assets 336 372
Other 3,197 1,575
Total deferred debits and other assets 32,707 29,599
Total assets(a) $ 124,977 $ 119,634
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
180
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY  
Current liabilities  
Short-term borrowings $ 1,370 $ 714
Long-term debt due within one year 4,710 1,349
Accounts payable 3,560 3,800
Accrued expenses 1,981 2,112
Payables to af filiates 5 5
Regulatory liabilities 406 644
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 247 475
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 132 149
Renewable energy credit obligation 443 344
Liabilities held for sale — 777
Other 1,331 1,035
Total current liabilities 14,185 11,404
Long-term debt 31,329 34,075
Long-term debt to financing trusts 390 390
Deferred credits and other liabilities  
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 12,351 11,321
Asset retirement obligations 10,846 9,679
Pension obligations 4,247 3,988
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 2,076 1,928
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,199 1,171
Regulatory liabilities 9,986 9,559
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 393 479
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 338 463
Other 3,064 2,130
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 44,500 40,718
Total liabilities(a)90,404 86,587
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity  
Common stock (No par value, 2,000 shares authorized, 973 shares and 968 shares
outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 19,274 19,116
Treasury stock, at cost (2 shares at December 31, 2019 and 2018) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 16,267 14,743
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (3,194 ) (2,995 )
Total shareholders’  equity 32,224 30,741
Noncontrolling interests 2,349 2,306
Total equity 34,573 33,047
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 124,977 $ 119,634
__________
(a)Exelon’s consolidated assets include $9,532 million and $9,667 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of certain VIEs that can
only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Exelon’s consolidated liabilities include $3,473 million and $3,548 million at December 31, 2019
and 2018, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Exelon. See Note 22–Variable Interest Entities for
additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
181
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
 Shareholders' Equity   
(In millions, shares in thousands)Issued
Shares Common
StockTreasury
StockRetained
Earnings Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
LossNoncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 958,778 $18,794$(2,327)$12,042 $ (2,660)$ 1,780 $ 27,629
Net income — — — 3,779 — 90 3,869
Long-term incentive plan activity 5,066 56 — — — — 56
Employee stock purchase plan issuances 1,324 150 — — — — 150
Common stock issued from treasury stock — — 2,204 (1,054) — — 1,150
Sale of noncontrolling interests — (36) — — — 443 407
Changes in equity of noncontrolling interests — — — — — (20) (20)
Common stock dividends
($1.31/common share) — — — (1,243) — — (1,243)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of
income taxes
— — — — 173 (2) 171
Impact of adoption of Reclassification of
Certain Tax Ef fects from AOCI standard — — — 539 (539) — —
Balance, December 31, 2017 965,168$18,964$ (123)$14,063$ (3,026)$ 2,291 $ 32,169
Net income — — — 2,005 — 74 2,079
Long-term incentive plan
activity 3,534 41 — — — — 41
Employee stock purchase
plan issuances 1,318 105 — — — — 105
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 6 — — — — 6
Changes in equity of noncontrolling interests — — — — — (60) (60)
Common stock dividends
($1.38/common share) — — — (1,339) — — (1,339)
Other comprehensive income, net of income
taxes — — — — 41 1 42
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and
Liabilities standard— — — 14 (10) — 4
Balance, December 31, 2018 970,020$19,116$ (123)$14,743$ (2,995)$ 2,306 $ 33,047
Net income — — — 2,936 — 92 3,028
Long-term incentive plan activity 3,111 40 — — — — 40
Employee stock purchase plan issuances 1,285 112 — — — — 112
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 6 — — — — 6
Changes in equity of noncontrolling interests — — — — — (48) (48)
Common stock dividends
($1.45/common share)
— — — (1,412) — — (1,412)
Other comprehensive income, net of income
taxes — — — — (199) (1) (200)
Balance, December 31, 2019 974,416$19,274$ (123)$16,267$ (3,194)$ 2,349 $ 34,573
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
182
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Operating revenues $ 17,752 $ 19,169 $ 17,385
Operating revenues from af filiates 1,172 1,268 1,115
Total operating revenues 18,924 20,437 18,500
Operating expenses    
Purchased power and fuel 10,849 11,679 9,671
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates 7 14 19
Operating and maintenance 4,131 4,803 5,602
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 587 661 697
Depreciation and amortization 1,535 1,797 1,457
Taxes other than income taxes 519 556 555
Total operating expenses 17,628 19,510 18,001
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 27 48 2
Bargain purchase gain — — 233
Gain on deconsolidation of business — — 213
Operating income 1,323 975 947
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (394) (396) (401)
Interest expense to af filiates (35) (36) (39)
Other , net 1,023 (178) 948
Total other income and (deductions) 594 (610) 508
Income before income taxes 1,917 365 1,455
Income taxes 516 (108) (1,376 )
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (184) (30) (33)
Net income 1,217 443 2,798
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 92 73 88
Net income attributable to membership interest $ 1,125 $ 370 $ 2,710
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes    
Net income $ 1,217 $ 443 $ 2,798
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes    
Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges — 12 3
Unrealized gain on marketable securities — — 1
Unrealized gain on investments in unconsolidated af filiates 1 1 4
Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency translation 6 (10) 7
Other comprehensive income 7 3 15
Comprehensive income $ 1,224 $ 446 $ 2,813
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 93 74 86
Comprehensive income attributable to membership interest $ 1,131 $ 372 $ 2,727
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
183
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Cash flows from operating activities  
Net income $ 1,217 $ 443 $ 2,798
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:  
Depreciation, amortization and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization 3,063 3,415 3,056
Asset impairments 201 50 510
Gain on sales of assets and businesses (27) (48) (2)
Bargain purchase gain — — (233)
Gain on deconsolidation of business — — (213)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 361 (451) (2,023 )
Net fair value changes related to derivatives 228 307 167
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on NDT  fund investments (663) 303 (616)
Other non-cash operating activities (124) 298 112
Changes in assets and liabilities:  
Accounts receivable (186) (359) (320)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (52) 8 (7)
Inventories (47) (12) (29)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (248) 376 4
Option premiums (paid) received, net (29) (43) 28
Collateral (posted) received, net (481) 64 (129)
Income taxes 302 (193) 496
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (175) (139) (148)
Other assets and liabilities (467) (158) (152)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 2,873 3,861 3,299
Cash flows from investing activities  
Capital expenditures (1,845 ) (2,242 ) (2,259 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales 10,051 8,762 7,845
Investment in NDT  funds (10,087 ) (8,997 ) (8,113 )
Reduction of restricted cash from deconsolidation of business
— — (87)
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses 52 90 218
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net (41) (154) (208)
Other investing activities 3 10 (58)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,867 ) (2,531 ) (2,662 )
Cash flows from financing activities  
Change in short-term borrowings 320 — (620)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — — 121
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — — (200)
Issuance of long-term debt 42 15 1,645
Retirement of long-term debt (813) (141) (1,261 )
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool (100) 46 (1)
Distributions to member (899) (1,001 ) (659)
Contributions from member 41 155 102
Sale of noncontrolling interests — — 396
Other financing activities (51) (55) (54)
Net cash flows used in financing activities (1,460 ) (981) (531)
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (454) 349 106
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 903 554 448
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 449 $ 903 $ 554
  
Supplemental cash flow information  
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (34)$ (199)$ 73
Increase (decrease) in PPE related to ARO update 959 (130) 29
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
184
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 303 $ 750
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 146 153
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $80 and $103 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 2,893 2,941
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $0 and $1 as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively) 619 562
Mark-to-market derivative assets 675 804
Receivables from af filiates 190 173
Unamortized energy contract assets 47 49
Inventories, net   
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 236 251
Materials and supplies 1,026 963
Assets held for sale — 904
Other 941 883
Total current assets 7,076 8,433
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$12,017 and $12,206 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 24,193 23,981
Deferred debits and other assets   
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 13,190 11,661
Investments 235 414
Goodwill 47 47
Mark-to-market derivative assets 508 452
Prepaid pension asset 1,438 1,421
Unamortized energy contract assets 336 371
Deferred income taxes 12 21
Other 1,960 755
Total deferred debits and other assets 17,726 15,142
Total assets(a) $ 48,995 $ 47,556
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
185
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company, LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 320 $ —
Long-term debt due within one year 2,624 906
Long-term debt to af filiates due within one year 558 —
Accounts payable 1,692 1,847
Accrued expenses 786 898
Payables to af filiates 117 139
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool — 100
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 215 449
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 17 31
Renewable energy credit obligation 443 343
Liabilities held for sale — 777
Other 517 279
Total current liabilities 7,289 5,769
Long-term debt 4,464 6,989
Long-term debt to affiliates 328 898
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 3,752 3,383
Asset retirement obligations 10,603 9,450
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 878 900
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,199 1,171
Payables to af filiates 3,103 2,606
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 123 252
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 11 20
Other 1,415 610
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 21,084 18,392
Total liabilities(a)33,165 32,048
Commitments and contingencies
Equity   
Member ’s equity   
Membership interest 9,566 9,518
Undistributed earnings 3,950 3,724
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (32) (38)
Total member ’s equity 13,484 13,204
Noncontrolling interests 2,346 2,304
Total equity 15,830 15,508
Total liabilities and equity $ 48,995 $ 47,556
__________
(a)Generation’s consolidated assets include $9,512 million and $9,634 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of certain VIEs that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Generation’s consolidated liabilities include $3,429 million and $3,480 million at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Generation. See Note 22–
Variable Interest Entities for additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
186
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company, LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Member’s Equity
Noncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity (In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss, net
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 9,261  $ 2,298  $ (54) $ 1,779 $ 13,284
Net income — 2,710 — 88 2,798
Sale of noncontrolling interests (36) — — 443 407
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (18) (18)
Distribution of net retirement benefit
obligation to member 33 — — — 33
Distributions to member — (659) — — (659)
Contributions from member 99 — — — 99
Other comprehensive income (loss), net
of income taxes — — 17 (2) 15
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 9,357 $ 4,349 $ (37)$ 2,290 $ 15,959
Net income — 370 — 73 443
Sale of noncontrolling interests 6 — — — 6
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (60) (60)
Distributions to member — (1,001 ) — — (1,001 )
Contributions from member 155  — — — 155
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — 2 1 3
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and
Liabilities standard — 6 (3) — 3
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,518 $ 3,724 $ (38)$ 2,304 $ 15,508
Net income — 1,125  — 92 1,217
Sale of noncontrolling interests 7 — — — 7
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (48) (48)
Distributions to member — (899) — — (899)
Contributions from member 41 — — — 41
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — 6 (2) 4
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 9,566  $ 3,950  $ (32) $ 2,346 $ 15,830
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
187
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 5,850 $ 5,884 $ 5,478
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (133) (29) 43
Operating revenues from af filiates 30 27 15
Total operating revenues 5,747 5,882 5,536
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 1,565 1,626 1,533
Purchased power from af filiates 376 529 108
Operating and maintenance 1,041 1,068 1,157
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 264 267 270
Depreciation and amortization 1,033 940 850
Taxes other than income taxes 301 311 296
Total operating expenses 4,580 4,741 4,214
Gain on sales of assets 4 5 1
Operating income 1,171 1,146 1,323
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (346) (334) (348)
Interest expense to af filiates (13) (13) (13)
Other , net 39 33 22
Total other income and (deductions) (320) (314) (339)
Income before income taxes 851 832 984
Income taxes 163 168 417
Net income $ 688 $ 664 $ 567
Comprehensive income $ 688 $ 664 $ 567
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
188
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income $ 688 $ 664  $ 567
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 1,033 940  850
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 109 259  659
Other non-cash operating activities 265 242  164
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
     Accounts receivable (34) (136) (59)
     Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (12) 26 8
     Inventories (16) 1 4
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses (51) 70 (297)
     Counterparty collateral received (posted), net and cash deposits 48 11 (26)
     Income taxes 95 62 (308)
     Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (77) (42) (41)
     Other assets and liabilities (345) (348) 6
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,703 1,749  1,527
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (1,915 ) (2,126 ) (2,250 )
Other investing activities 29 29 20
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,886 ) (2,097 ) (2,230 )
Cash flows from financing activities    
Changes in short-term borrowings 130 — —
Issuance of long-term debt 700 1,350  1,000
Retirement of long-term debt (300) (840) (425)
Dividends paid on common stock (508) (459) (422)
Contributions from parent 250 500  651
Other financing activities (16) (17) (15)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 256 534  789
Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 73 186  86
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 330 144  58
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 403 $ 330  $ 144
    
Supplemental cash flow information    
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (37)$ 11 $ (61)
Increase in PPE related to ARO update 7 7 —
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
189
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 90 $ 135
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 150 29
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $59 and $61 as of
December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively) 545 539
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $20 as of both December 31,
2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively) 286 320
Receivables from af filiates 28 20
Inventories, net 159 148
Regulatory assets 281 293
Other 44 86
Total current assets 1,583 1,570
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$5,168 and $4,684 as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively)
23,107 22,058
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 1,480 1,307
Investments 6 6
Goodwill 2,625 2,625
Receivables from af filiates 2,622 2,217
Prepaid pension asset 995 1,035
Other 347 395
Total deferred debits and other assets 8,075 7,585
Total assets $ 32,765 $ 31,213
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
190
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 130 $ —
Long-term debt due within one year 500 300
Accounts payable 527 607
Accrued expenses 385 373
Payables to af filiates 103 119
Customer deposits 118 111
Regulatory liabilities 200 293
Mark-to-market derivative liability 32 26
Other 122 96
Total current liabilities 2,117 1,925
Long-term debt 7,991 7,801
Long-term debt to financing trust 205 205
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 4,021 3,813
Asset retirement obligations 128 118
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 180 201
Regulatory liabilities 6,542 6,050
Mark-to-market derivative liability 269 223
Other 635 630
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 11,775 11,035
Total liabilities 22,088 20,966
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity   
Common stock ($12.50 par value, 250 shares authorized, 127 shares outstanding at
December 31, 2019 and 2018) 1,588 1,588
Other paid-in capital 7,572 7,322
Retained deficit unappropriated (1,639 ) (1,639 )
Retained earnings appropriated 3,156 2,976
Total shareholders’  equity 10,677 10,247
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 32,765 $ 31,213
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
191
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity
(In millions)Common
Stock  Other
Paid-In
CapitalRetained Deficit
Unappropriated Retained
Earnings
AppropriatedTotal
Shareholders’
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 1,588  $ 6,150 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,626 $ 8,725
Net income — — 567  — 567
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (567) 567 —
Common stock dividends — — — (422) (422)
Contributions from parent — 651 — — 651
Parent tax matter indemnification — 21 — — 21
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,588  $ 6,822 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,771 $ 9,542
Net income — — 664  — 664
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (664) 664 —
Common stock dividends — — — (459) (459)
Contributions from parent — 500 — — 500
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,588  $ 7,322 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,976 $ 10,247
Net income — — 688  — 688
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (688) 688 —
Common stock dividends — — — (508) (508)
Contributions from parent — 250 — — 250
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,588  $ 7,572 $ (1,639 ) $ 3,156 $ 10,677
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
192
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 2,505 $ 2,469 $ 2,369
Natural gas operating revenues 610 568 494
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (21) (7) —
Operating revenues from af filiates 6 8 7
Total operating revenues 3,100 3,038 2,870
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 610 734 648
Purchased fuel 262 230 186
Purchased power from af filiates 157 126 135
Operating and maintenance 707 742 657
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 154 156 149
Depreciation and amortization 333 301 286
Taxes other than income taxes 165 163 154
Total operating expenses 2,388 2,452 2,215
Gain on sales of assets 1 1 —
Operating income 713 587 655
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (124) (115) (115)
Interest expense to af filiates, net (12) (14) (11)
Other , net 16 8 9
Total other income and (deductions) (120) (121) (117)
Income before income taxes 593 466 538
Income taxes 65 6 104
Net income $ 528 $ 460 $ 434
Comprehensive income $ 528 $ 460 $ 434
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
193
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income $ 528  $ 460  $ 434
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by
operating activities:    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 333  301  286
Gain on sale of assets (1) — —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax
credits 20 (5) 19
Other non-cash operating activities 38 51 54
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
Accounts receivable (29) (74) (44)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (5) 7 (6)
Inventories 4 (14) 1
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (11) (3) 6
Income taxes (34) 15 34
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit
contributions (28) (28) (24)
Other assets and liabilities (64) 29 (5)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 751 739 755
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (939) (849) (732)
Changes in intercompany money pool (68) — 131
Other investing activities (1) 9 4
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,008 ) (840) (597)
Cash flows from financing activities    
Issuance of long-term debt 325  700  325
Retirement of long-term debt — (500) —
Dividends paid on common stock (358) (306) (288)
Contributions from parent 188  89 16
Other financing activities (6) (22) (3)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 149 (39) 50
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
(108) (140) 208
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 135  275  67
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 27 $ 135 $ 275
    
Supplemental cash flow information    
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid
$ 40 $ (12) $ 22
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
194
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 21 $ 130
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 6 5
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $55 and $53 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 357 321
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts o f $7 and $8 as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively) 138 151
Receivables from af filiates 1 —
Receivable from Exelon intercompany pool 68 —
Inventories, net   
Fossil fuel 36 38
Materials and supplies 35 37
Regulatory assets 41 81
Other 19 19
Total current assets 722 782
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,718 and $3,561 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 9,292 8,610
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 554 460
Investments 27 25
Receivables from af filiates 480 389
Prepaid pension asset 365 349
Other 29 27
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,455 1,250
Total assets $ 11,469 $ 10,642
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
195
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Accounts payable $ 387 $ 370
Accrued expenses 101 113
Payables to af filiates 55 59
Customer deposits 69 68
Regulatory liabilities 91 175
Other 19 24
Total current liabilities 722 809
Long-term debt 3,405 3,084
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 184
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,080 1,933
Asset retirement obligations 28 27
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 288 288
Regulatory liabilities 510 421
Other 74 76
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,980 2,745
Total liabilities 7,291 6,822
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock (No par value, 500 shares authorized, 170 shares outstanding at
December 31, 2019 and 2018) 2,766 2,578
Retained earnings 1,412 1,242
Total shareholder's equity 4,178 3,820
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 11,469 $ 10,642
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
196
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
Stock  Retained
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
IncomeTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 2,473  $ 941 $ 1 $ 3,415
Net income — 434 — 434
Common stock dividends — (288) — (288)
Contributions from parent 16 — — 16
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 2,489 $ 1,087 $ 1 $ 3,577
Net income — 460 — 460
Common stock dividends — (306) — (306)
Contributions from parent 89 — — 89
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities
standard — 1 (1) —
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 2,578 $ 1,242 $ — $ 3,820
Net income — 528 — 528
Common stock dividends — (358) — (358)
Contributions from parent 188  — — 188
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 2,766 $ 1,412 $ — $ 4,178
 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
197
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 2,368 $ 2,428 $ 2,384
Natural gas operating revenues 700 738 652
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 12 (26) 124
Operating revenues from af filiates 26 29 16
Total operating revenues 3,106 3,169 3,176
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 585 671 566
Purchased fuel 181 254 183
Purchased power from af filiates 286 257 384
Operating and maintenance 600 615 563
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 160 162 153
Depreciation and amortization 502 483 473
Taxes other than income taxes 260 254 240
Total operating expenses 2,574 2,696 2,562
Gain on sales of assets — 1 —
Operating income 532 474 614
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (121) (106) (95)
Interest expense to af filiates — — (10)
Other , net 28 19 16
Total other income and (deductions) (93) (87) (89)
Income before income taxes 439 387 525
Income taxes 79 74 218
Net income 360 313 307
Comprehensive income $ 360 $ 313 $ 307
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
198
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income $ 360  $ 313  $ 307
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:    
Depreciation and amortization 502  483  473
Impairment losses on long-lived assets and regulatory assets — — 7
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 130  76 145
Other non-cash operating activities 85 58 65
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
Accounts receivable 25 8 (5)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 1 12 (4)
Inventories (1) 2 (9)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (43) (1) (15)
Collateral (posted) received, net (4) 4 —
Income taxes (67) (20) 60
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (48) (54) (53)
Other assets and liabilities (192) (92) (150)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 748 789 821
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (1,145 ) (959) (882)
Other investing activities 8 9 7
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,137 ) (950) (875)
Cash flows from financing activities    
Changes in short-term borrowings 40 (42) 32
Issuance of long-term debt 400  300  300
Retirement of long-term debt — — (41)
Retirement of long-term debt to financing trust — — (250)
Dividends paid on common stock (224) (209) (198)
Contributions from parent 193  109  184
Other financing activities (8) (2) (5)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 401 156 22
Increase (Decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 12 (5) (32)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 13 18 50
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 25 $ 13 $ 18
    
Supplemental cash flow information    
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 6 $ 50 $ 23
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
199
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 24 $ 7
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 1 6
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $12 and $16 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively)
 
317 353
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $5 and $4 as December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively) 147 90
Receivables from af filiates 1 1
Inventories, net   
Gas held in storage 30 36
Materials and supplies 46 39
Prepaid utility taxes 78 74
Regulatory assets 183 177
Other 6 3
Total current assets 833 786
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,834 and $3,633 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 8,990 8,243
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 454 398
Investments 7 5
Prepaid pension asset 264 279
Other 86 5
Total deferred debits and other assets 811 687
Total assets $ 10,634 $ 9,716
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
200
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 76 $ 35
Accounts payable 243 295
Accrued expenses 152 155
Payables to af filiates 66 65
Customer deposits 120 120
Regulatory liabilities 33 77
Other 63 27
Total current liabilities 753 774
Long-term debt 3,270 2,876
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,396 1,222
Asset retirement obligations 22 24
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 199 201
Regulatory liabilities 1,195 1,192
Other 116 73
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,928 2,712
Total liabilities 6,951 6,362
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock (No par value, 0 shares(a) authorized, 0 shares(a) outstanding at
December 31, 2019 and 2018) 1,907 1,714
Retained earnings 1,776 1,640
Total shareholder's equity 3,683 3,354
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 10,634 $ 9,716
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,500 authorized and 1,000 outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
201
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 1,421 $ 1,427 $ 2,848
Net income — 307 307
Common stock dividends — (198) (198)
Contributions from parent 184 — 184
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,605 $ 1,536 $ 3,141
Net income — 313 313
Common stock dividends — (209) (209)
Contributions from parent 109 — 109
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,714 $ 1,640 $ 3,354
Net income — 360 360
Common stock dividends — (224) (224)
Contributions from parent 193 — 193
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,907 $ 1,776 $ 3,683
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
202
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Operating revenues     
Electric operating revenues $ 4,639  $ 4,609  $ 4,428
Natural gas operating revenues 167  181  161
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (14) (7) 33
Operating revenues from af filiates 14 15 50
Total operating revenues 4,806 4,798  4,672
Operating expenses     
Purchased power 1,371  1,387  1,182
Purchased fuel 75 89 71
Purchased power from af filiates 352  355  463
Operating and maintenance 939  978  918
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 143  152  150
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 754  740  675
Taxes other than income taxes 450  455  452
Total operating expenses 4,084 4,156  3,911
Gain on sales of assets — 1 1
Operating income 722 643  762
Other income and (deductions)     
Interest expense, net (263) (261) (245)
Other , net 55 43 54
Total other income and (deductions) (208) (218) (191)
Income before income taxes 514 425  571
Income taxes 38 33 217
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 1 1 1
Net income 477  393  355
Comprehensive income $ 477  $ 393  $ 355
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
203
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities   
Net income $ 477 $ 393  $ 355
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities:   
Depreciation and amortization 754 740  675
Impairment losses on intangibles and regulatory assets — — 52
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (7) 30 252
Other non-cash operating activities 161 150  65
Changes in assets and liabilities:   
Accounts receivable (39) (2) (26)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 3 8 (2)
Inventories (27) (14) (37)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (17) 45 (106)
Income taxes 16 34 79
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (25) (74) (99)
Other assets and liabilities (179) (178) (258)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,117 1,132  950
Cash flows from investing activities   
Capital expenditures (1,355 ) (1,375 ) (1,396 )
Other investing activities (3) 4 (1)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,358 ) (1,371 ) (1,397 )
Cash flows from financing activities   
Changes in short-term borrowings 154 (296) 328
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — 125  —
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days (125) — (500)
Issuance of long-term debt 485 750  202
Retirement of long-term debt (157) (299) (169)
Change in Exelon intercompany money pool 12 — —
Distributions to member (526) (326) (311)
Contributions from member 398 385  758
Other financing activities (5) (9) (2)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 236 330  306
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (5) 91 (141)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 186 95 236
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 181 $ 186 $ 95
   
Supplemental cash flow information   
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 2 $ 93 $ (12)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
204
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 131 $ 124
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 36 43
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $37 and $50 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 479 453
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $16 and $3 as of December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 174 177
Receivable from af filiates 1 —
Inventories, net   
Fossil Fuel 8 9
Materials and supplies 190 163
Regulatory assets 412 457
Other 49 75
Total current assets 1,480 1,501
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,213 and $841 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 14,296 13,446
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 2,061 2,312
Investments 135 130
Goodwill 4,005 4,005
Prepaid pension asset 406 486
Deferred income taxes 13 12
Other 323 60
Total deferred debits and other assets 6,943 7,005
Total assets(a) $ 22,719 $ 21,952
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
205
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 208 $ 179
Long-term debt due within one year 103 125
Accounts payable 462 496
Accrued expenses 296 256
Payables to af filiates 98 94
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 12 —
Customer deposits 117 116
Regulatory liabilities 70 84
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 115 119
Other 131 123
Total current liabilities 1,612 1,592
Long-term debt 6,460 6,134
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,278 2,137
Asset retirement obligations 57 52
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 93 103
Regulatory liabilities 1,707 1,864
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 327 442
Other 577 369
  Total deferred credits and other liabilities 5,039 4,967
Total liabilities(a) 13,111 12,693
Commitments and contingencies
Member's equity   
Membership interest 9,618 9,220
Undistributed (losses) gains (10) 39
Total member's equity 9,608 9,259
Total liabilities and member's equity $ 22,719 $ 21,952
_____________
(a)PHI’s consolidated total assets include $20 million and $33 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE
that can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. PHI’s consolidated total liabilities include $44 million and $69 million at December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to PHI. See Note 22 - Variable Interest
Entities for additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
206
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
(Losses)/GainsTotal
Member's Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 8,077 $ (72)$ 8,005
Net income — 355 355
Distribution to member — (311) (311)
Contributions from member 758 — 758
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 8,835 $ (28)$ 8,807
Net Income — 393 393
Distribution to member — (326) (326)
Contributions from member 385 — 385
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,220 $ 39 $ 9,259
Net income — 477 477
Distribution to member — (526) (526)
Contributions from member 398 — 398
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 9,618 $ (10)$ 9,608
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
207
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 2,258 $ 2,233 $ 2,126
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (3) (7) 19
Operating revenues from af filiates 5 6 6
Total operating revenues 2,260 2,232 2,151
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 401 448 359
Purchased power from af filiates 264 206 255
Operating and maintenance 273 275 396
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 209 226 58
Depreciation and amortization 374 385 321
Taxes other than income taxes 378 379 371
Total operating expenses 1,899 1,919 1,760
Gain on sales of assets — — 1
Operating income 361 313 392
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (133) (128) (121)
Other , net 31 31 32
Total other income and (deductions) (102) (97) (89)
Income before income taxes 259 216 303
Income taxes 16 11 105
Net income $ 243 $ 205 $ 198
Comprehensive income $ 243 $ 205 $ 198
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
208
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities     
Net income $ 243  $ 205  $ 198
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:     
Depreciation and amortization 374  385  321
Impairment losses on regulatory assets — — 14
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 1 (20) 113
Other non-cash operating activities 56 67 1
Changes in assets and liabilities:     
Accounts receivable (22) (5) (20)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 5 (17) —
Inventories (19) (6) (24)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (39) 59 (63)
Income taxes 9 (13) 81
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (14) (17) (72)
Other assets and liabilities (82) (164) (142)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 512  474  407
Cash flows from investing activities     
Capital expenditures (626) (656) (628)
Other investing activities 3 2 —
Net cash flows used in investing activities (623) (654) (628)
Cash flows from financing activities     
Changes in short-term borrowings 42 14 3
Issuance of long-term debt 260  200  202
Retirement of long-term debt (125) (14) (13)
Dividends paid on common stock (213) (169) (133)
Contributions from parent 160  166  161
Other financing activities (3) (4) (1)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 121  193  219
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 10 13 (2)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 53 40 42
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 63 $ 53 $ 40
     
Supplemental cash flow information     
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 39 $ 20 $ 5
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
209
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 30 $ 16
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 33 37
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $13 and $20 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 231 225
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $7 and $1 as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively) 91 81
Receivables from af filiates — 1
Inventories, net 112 93
Regulatory assets 188 238
Other 11 37
Total current assets 696 728
Property , plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,517 and $3,354 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 6,909 6,460
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 584 643
Investments 110 105
Prepaid pension asset 296 316
Other 66 15
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,056 1,079
Total assets $ 8,661 $ 8,267
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
210
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 82 $ 40
Long-term debt due within one year 2 15
Accounts payable 195 214
Accrued expenses 156 126
Payables to af filiates 66 62
Customer deposits 57 54
Regulatory liabilities 8 7
Merger related obligation 39 38
Current portion of DC PLUG obligation 30 30
Other 22 42
Total current liabilities 657 628
Long-term debt 2,862 2,704
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,131 1,055
Asset retirement obligations 41 37
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 20 29
Regulatory liabilities 746 822
Other 297 275
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,235 2,218
Total liabilities 5,754 5,550
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock ($0.01 par value, 200 shares authorized, 0 shares(a) outstanding at
December 31, 2019 and 2018) 1,796 1,636
Retained earnings 1,111 1,081
Total shareholder's equity 2,907 2,717
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 8,661 $ 8,267
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 100 outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
211
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 1,309  $ 980  $ 2,289
Net income — 198  198
Common stock dividends — (133) (133)
Contributions from parent 161  — 161
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,470  $ 1,045  $ 2,515
Net income — 205  205
Common stock dividends — (169) (169)
Contributions from parent 166  — 166
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,636  $ 1,081  $ 2,717
Net income — 243  243
Common stock dividends — (213) (213)
Contributions from parent 160  — 160
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,796  $ 1,111  $ 2,907
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
212
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 1,143 $ 1,139 $ 1,125
Natural gas operating revenues 167 181 161
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (11) 4 6
Operating revenues from af filiates 7 8 8
Total operating revenues 1,306 1,332 1,300
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 381 352 282
Purchased fuel 75 89 71
Purchased power from af filiates 70 120 179
Operating and maintenance 171 182 283
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 152 162 32
Depreciation and amortization 184 182 167
Taxes other than income taxes 56 56 57
Total operating expenses 1,089 1,143 1,071
Gain on sales of assets — 1 —
Operating income 217 190 229
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (61) (58) (51)
Other , net 13 10 14
Total other income and (deductions) (48) (48) (37)
Income before income taxes 169 142 192
Income taxes 22 22 71
Net income $ 147 $ 120 $ 121
Comprehensive income $ 147 $ 120 $ 121
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
213
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities     
Net income $ 147  $ 120  $ 121
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:     
Depreciation and amortization 184  182  167
Impairment losses on regulatory assets — — 6
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (7) 24 89
Other non-cash operating activities 27 24 9
Changes in assets and liabilities:     
Accounts receivable (5) 8 (22)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (5) (9) 11
Inventories (6) (3) (5)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 3 11 (8)
Income taxes 12 2 26
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (1) — (2)
Other assets and liabilities (55) (7) (71)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 294 352 321
Cash flows from investing activities     
Capital expenditures (348) (364) (428)
Other investing activities 1 2 (1)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (347) (362) (429)
Cash flows from financing activities     
Change in short-term borrowings 56 (216) 216
Issuance of long-term debt 75 200  —
Retirement of long-term debt (12) (4) (40)
Dividends paid on common stock (139) (96) (112)
Contributions from parent 63 150  —
Other financing activities (1) (2) —
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 42 32 64
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (11) 22 (44)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 24 2 46
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 13 $ 24 $ 2
     
Supplemental cash flow information     
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (4) $ 22 $ 4
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
214
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 13 $ 23
Restricted cash and cash equivalents — 1
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $11 and $12 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 141 134
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $4 and $1 as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively) 38 46
Inventories, net   
Fossil Fuel 8 9
Materials and supplies 44 37
Prepaid utility taxes 18 17
Regulatory assets 52 59
Other 11 10
Total current assets 325 336
Property , plant and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,425 and $1,329 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 4,035 3,821
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 222 231
Goodwill 8 8
Prepaid pension asset 171 186
Other 69 6
Total deferred debits and other assets 470 431
Total assets $ 4,830 $ 4,588
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
215
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 56 $ —
Long-term debt due within one year 80 91
Accounts payable 112 111
Accrued expenses 46 39
Payables to af filiates 32 33
Customer deposits 36 35
Regulatory liabilities 37 59
Other 15 7
Total current liabilities 414 375
Long-term debt 1,487 1,403
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 655 628
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 16 17
Regulatory liabilities 574 606
Other 104 50
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 1,349 1,301
Total liabilities 3,250 3,079
Commitments and contingencies  
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock ($2.25 par value, 0 shares(a) authorized, 0 shares(a) outstanding at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 977 914
Retained earnings 603 595
Total shareholder's equity 1,580 1,509
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 4,830 $ 4,588
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,000 authorized and 1,000 outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
216
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 764  $ 562  $ 1,326
Net income — 121  121
Common stock dividends — (112) (112)
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 764  $ 571 $ 1,335
Net income — 120  120
Common stock dividends — (96) (96)
Contributions from parent 150  — 150
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 914  $ 595 $ 1,509
Net income — 147  147
Common stock dividends — (139) (139)
Contributions from parent 63 — 63
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 977  $ 603 $ 1,580
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
217
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018 2017
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 1,237 $ 1,237 $ 1,176
Revenues from alternative revenue programs — (4) 8
Operating revenues from af filiates 3 3 2
Total operating revenues 1,240 1,236 1,186
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 589 587 541
Purchased power from af filiates 19 29 29
Operating and maintenance 187 188 279
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 133 142 28
Depreciation and amortization 157 136 146
Taxes other than income taxes 4 5 6
Total operating expenses 1,089 1,087 1,029
Operating income 151 149 157
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (58) (64) (61)
Other , net 6 2 7
Total other income and (deductions) (52) (62) (54)
Income before income taxes 99 87 103
Income taxes — 12 26
Net income $ 99 $ 75 $ 77
Comprehensive income $ 99 $ 75 $ 77
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
218
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018  2017
Cash flows from operating activities     
Net income $ 99 $ 75 $ 77
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities:     
Depreciation and amortization 157 136  146
Impairment losses on regulatory assets — — 7
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 3 25 32
Other non-cash operating activities 22 24 17
Changes in assets and liabilities:     
Accounts receivable (13) (8) 14
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (6) 1 —
Inventories (1) (4) (7)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 26 (7) (2)
Income taxes 2 (2) (11)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (1) (6) (20)
Other assets and liabilities (27) (6) (47)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 261 228 206
Cash flows from investing activities     
Capital expenditures (375) (335) (312)
Other investing activities (1) 1 (1)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (376) (334) (313)
Cash flows from financing activities     
Change in short-term borrowings 56 (94) 108
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — 125  —
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days (125) — —
Issuance of long-term debt 150 350  —
Retirement of long-term debt (18) (281) (35)
Dividends paid on common stock (124) (59) (68)
Contributions from parent 175 67 —
Other financing activities (1) (3) —
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 113 105 5
Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2) (1) (102)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 30 31 133
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 28 $ 30 $ 31
     
Supplemental cash flow information     
(Decrease) increase in capital expenditures not paid $ (29)$ 46 $ (13)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
219
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 12 $ 7
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 2 4
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $13 and $18 as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 108 95
Other (net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of $5 and $1 as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively) 48 55
Receivables from af filiates 4 1
Inventories, net 34 33
Regulatory assets 57 40
Other 5 5
Total current assets 270 240
Property , plant and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,210 and $1,137 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 3,190 2,966
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 368 386
Prepaid pension asset 52 67
Other 53 40
Total deferred debits and other assets 473 493
Total assets(a) $ 3,933 $ 3,699
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
220
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 70 $ 139
Long-term debt due within one year 20 18
Accounts payable 144 154
Accrued expenses 42 35
Payables to af filiates 25 28
Customer deposits 25 26
Regulatory liabilities 25 18
Other 9 4
Total current liabilities 360 422
Long-term debt 1,307 1,170
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 577 535
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 17 17
Regulatory liabilities 357 402
Other 39 27
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 990 981
Total liabilities(a) 2,657 2,573
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock ($3 par value, 25 shares authorized, 9 shares outstanding at December
31, 2019 and 2018) 1,154 979
Retained earnings 122 147
Total shareholder's equity 1,276 1,126
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 3,933 $ 3,699
_____________
(a)ACE’s consolidated assets include $17 million and $23 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. ACE’s consolidated liabilities include $41 million and $59 million at December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to ACE. See Note 22 - Variable Interest Entities
for additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
221
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 912 $ 122  $ 1,034
Net income — 77 77
Common stock dividends — (68) (68)
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 912 $ 131  $ 1,043
Net income — 75 75
Common stock dividends — (59) (59)
Contributions from parent 67 — 67
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 979 $ 147  $ 1,126
Net income — 99 99
Common stock dividends — (124) (124)
Contributions from parent 175 — 175
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,154 $ 122  $ 1,276
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
222
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
1. Significant Accounting Policies  (All Registrants)
Description of Business (All Registrants)
Exelon is a utility servic es holding company engaged in the generation, delivery and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE.
Name of Registrant   Business   Service Territories
Exelon Generation
Company, LLC
 Generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its customer-facing business, Constellation,
which sells electricity to both wholesale and retail customers. Generation
also sells natural gas, renewable energy and other energy-related
products and services.  Five reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York,
ERCOT and Other Power Regions
Commonwealth Edison
Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers  
PECO Energy Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of Philadelphia
(electricity)
  Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers
 Pennsylvania counties surrounding the City of Philadelphia
(natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore (electricity
and natural gas)
  Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers   
Pepco Holdings LLC Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL and ACE  Service Territories of Pepco, DPL and ACE
Potomac Electric 
Power Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia, and major portions of Montgomery and
Prince George’s Counties, Maryland.
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers  
Delmarva Power &  Light
Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
  Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers  Portions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural gas)
Atlantic City Electric
Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers  
Basis of Presentation (All Registrants)
This is a combined annual report of all Registrants. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to the Registrants as
indicated above in the Index to Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and parenthetically next to each
corresponding disclosure. When appropriate, the Registrants are named specifically for their related activities and disclosures. Each
of the Regis trant’ s Cons olidated Financial Statements includes the accounts of its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have
been eliminated.
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, huma n resources, financial, information technology and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations
unless otherwise disclosed.
223
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Exelon owns 100% of Generati on, PECO, BGE and PHI and more than 99% of ComEd. PHI owns 100% of Pepco, DPL and ACE.
Generation owns 100% of its significant consolidated subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly , except for certain consolidated VIEs,
including CENG and EGRP , of which Generation holds a 50.01 % and 51% interest, respectively . The remaining interests in these
consolidated VIEs are included in noncontrolling interests on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 22
— Variable Interest Entities  for additional information of Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated VIEs.
The Registra nts consolid ate the accounts of entities in which a Registrant has a controlling financial interest, after the elimination of
intercompany transactions. Where the Registrants do not have a controlling financial interest in an entity , proportionate
consolidation, equity method accounting or accounting for investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair value is
applied. The Registrants  apply proportionate consolidation when they have an undivided interest in an asset and are proportionately
liable for their share of each liability associated with the asset. The Registrants proportionately consolidate their undivided ownership
interests in jointly owned electric plants and transmission facilities. Under proportionate consolidation, the Registrants separately
record their proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses related to the undivided interest in the asset. The
Registrants apply equity method accounting when they have significant influence over an investee through an ownership in common
stock, which  generally approximates a 20% to 50% voting interest. The Registrants apply equity method accounting to certain
investments and joint ventures, including certain financing trusts of ComEd and PECO. Under equity method accounting, the
Registrants report their interest in the entity as an investment and the Registrants’  percentage share of the earnings from the entity
as single line items in their financial statements. The Registrants use accounting for investment s in equity securities without readily
determinable fair values if they lack significant influence, which generally results when they hold less than 20% of the comm on stock
of an entity . Under accounting for investments in equity securities without readily determinable  fair values, the Registrants report
their investments at cost adjusted for changes from observable transactio ns for identical or similar investments of the same issuer ,
less impairment. Changes in measurement are reported in earnings.
The accompanying consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for annual financial statements
and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.
Use of Estimates (All Registrants)
The prepara tion of financial statements of each of the Registrants in conformity with GAAP  requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanyin g notes. Areas in which significant
estimates have been made include, but are not limited to, the accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs and other AROs,
pension and OPEB, the application of purchase accounting, inventory reserves, allowance for uncollectible accounts, goodwill and
asset impair ments, deriv ative instruments, unamortized energy contracts, fixed asset depreciation, environmental costs and other
loss contingencies, taxes and unbilled energy revenues. Actual results could dif fer from those estimates.
Prior Period Adjustments and Reclassifications (Exelon, PHI and Pepco)
In the fourth quarter 2019, management identified an error related to an overstatement of the regulatory asset associated with
Pepco’ s decoupling mechanism for Maryland that originated in 2007 upon the inception of the program. Management has concluded
that the error was not material to previously issued consolidated financial statements and the error was corrected through a revision
to Exelon’ s, PHI’s and Pepco’ s consolidated financial statements contained herein for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017. The impact of the error correction was an $11 million  reduction to Exelon’ s, PHI’s and Pepco’ s opening Retained earnings as
of January 1, 2017 with a corresponding reduction to current Regulatory assets of $18 million  and Deferred income taxes and
unamortized investment tax credits of $7 million. In addition, Exelon’ s, PHI’s and Pepco’ s Total operating revenues decreased by $7
million  for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 and Net income decreased by $5 million  and $7 million  for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively , from originally reported amounts. The error did not impact net cash flows provided by
operating activities, net cash flows used in inves ting activities or net cash flows provided by financing activities for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017 for Exelon, PHI and Pepco. Exelon’ s diluted earnings per share of common stock remained
unchanged from the originally reported amount for the year ended December 31, 2018. Exelon’ s basic earnings per share of
common stock for the year ended December 31, 2018 and basic and diluted earnings per share of common stock for the year ended
December 31, 2017 decreased by $0.01 from the originally reported amount.
224
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Accounting for the Effects of Regulation (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, Exelon and the Utility Registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in
their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: 1) rates are
established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or
products; and (3) there is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from
customers. Exelon and the Utility Registrants account for their regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative
guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction, principally the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU, under
state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized and the related
expense or revenue is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the recovery or refund included in
customer rates. Exelon's regulatory assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date are proba ble of being recovered or settled in
future rates. If a separable portion of the Registrants' business was no longer able to meet the criteria discussed above, the affected
entities would be required to eliminate from their consolidated financial statements the effects of regulation for that portion, which
could have a material impact on their financial statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
With the exception of income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities, Exelon and the Utility Registrants classify regulatory assets
and liabilities with a recovery or settlement period greater than one year as both current and non-current in their Consolidated
Balance Sheets, with the current portion repres enting the amount expected to be recovered from or settled to customers over the
next twelve- month period as of the balance sheet date.  Income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities are classified entirely as
non-current in Exelon's and the Utility Registr ants’ Consolidated Balance Sheets to align with the classification of the related
deferred income tax balances.
Exelon and the Utility Registrants treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the
issuance of the financial statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and
distinct event that has future impacts on the parties af fected by the order .
Revenues (All Registrants)
Operating Revenues. The Registrants’  operating revenues generally consist of revenues from contracts with customers involving
the sale and delivery of energy commodities and related products and services, utility revenues from ARP, and realized and
unrealized revenues recognized under mark-to-market energy commodity derivative contracts. The Registrants recognize revenue
from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that the entities expect to be
entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue include competitive sales of power ,
natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary sources of revenue include regulated
electric and natural gas tariff sales, distribution  and transmission services. At the end of each month, the Registrants accrue an
estimate for the unbilled amount of energy delivered or services provided to customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco and DPL record ARP revenue for their best estima te of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable  of approval by the MDPSC and/or
DCPSC in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE record ARP revenue for their
best estimat e of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval
by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
Option Contracts, Swaps and Commodity Derivatives. Certain option contracts and swap arrangement s that meet the definition
of derivative instruments are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recog nized as revenue or expense. The
classification of revenue or expense is based on the intent of the transaction. To the extent a Utility Registrant receives full cost
recovery for energy procurement and related costs from retail customers, it records the fair value of its energy swap contracts with
unaffiliated suppliers as well as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters  and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information.
Taxes Directly Imposed on Revenue-Producing Transactions. The Registrants collect certain taxes from customers such as
sales and gross receipts taxes, along with other taxes, surcharges and fees, that are levied by
225
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
state or local governmen ts on the sale or distrib ution of gas and electricity . Some of these taxes are imposed on the customer , but
paid by the Registrants,  while others are imposed on the Registrants. Where these taxes are imposed on the customer , such as
sales taxes, they are reported on a net basis with no impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income. However , where these taxes are impose d on the Registrants, such as gross receipts taxes or other surcharges or fees, they
are reported  on a gross basis. Accordingly , revenues are recognized for the taxes collected from customers along with an offsetting
expense. See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  for Generation’ s, ComE d’s, PECO’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco's, DPL's and
ACE's utility taxes that are presented on a gross basis.
Leases (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize a ROU asset and lease liability for operating leases with a term of greater than one year. The ROU asset
is included in Other deferred debits and other assets and the lease liability is included in Other current liabilities and Other deferred
credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ROU asset is measured as the sum of (1) the present value of
all remaining fixed and in-substance fixed payments using each Registrant’ s incremental borrowing rate, (2) any lease payments
made at or before the commencement date (less any lease incentives received) and (3) any initial direct costs incurred. The lease
liability is measured the same as the ROU asset, but excludes any payments made before the commencement date and initial direct
costs incurre d. Lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain they will be exercised. The
Registrants include non-lease components for most asset classes, which are service-related costs that are not integral to the use of
the asset, in the measurement of the ROU asset and lease liability .
Expense for operating leases and leases with a term of one year or less is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease, unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the derivation of benefit from use of the leased
property . Variable lease payments are recogniz ed in the period in which the related obligation is incurred and consist primarily of
payments for purchases of electricity under contracted generation and are based on the electr icity produced by those generating
assets. Operating lease expense and variable lease payments are recorded to Purchased power and fuel expense for contracted
generation or Operating and maintenance expen se for all other lease agreements on the Registrants’  Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
Income from operating leases, including subleases, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, unless another
systematic and rational basis is more represent ative of the pattern in which income is earned over the term of the lease. Variable
lease payme nts are recognized in the period in which the related obligation is performed and consist primarily of payments received
from sales of electricity  under contracted generation and are based on the electricity produced by those generating assets.
Operating lease income and variable lease payments are recorded to Operating revenues on the Registrants’  Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The Registrants’  operating leases consist primarily of contracted generation, real estate including office buildings, and vehicles and
equipment. The Registrants generally account for contracted generation in which the generating asset is not renewable as a lease if
the custome r has dispatch rights and obtains substantially all of the economic benefits. For new agreements entered after January 1,
2019, the Registrants generally do not account for contracted generation in which the generating asset is renewable as a lease if the
customer does not design the generating asset. The Registrants account for land right arrangem ents that provide for exclusive use
as leases while shared use land arrangements are generally not leases. The Registrants do not account for secondary use pole
attachments as leases.
See Note 10 — Leases  for additional information.
Income T axes (All Registrants)
Deferred Federal and state income taxes are recorded on significant temporary differences between the book and tax basis of
assets and liabilities and for tax benefits carried forward. Investment tax credits have been defer red in the Registrants’  Consolidated
Balance Sheets and are recognized in book income over the life of the related property . The Registrants account for uncertain
income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach; a more-likely- than-not recognition criterion; and a
measurement approach  that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax positi on will be sustained on its technical
merits, no benefit is recorded. Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are
considered to have met the recognition threshold. The Registrants recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax
226
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
benefits in Interest expe nse or Other income and deductions (interest income) and recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits in Other , net in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
The Registrants consider investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent funds that are restricted to satisfy designated current liabilities. As of December 31,
2019  and 2018 , the Registrants' restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented the following items:
Registrant Description
ExelonPayment of medical, dental, vision and long-term disability benefits, in addition to the items listed for Generation and the
Utility Registrants.
Generation Project-specific nonrecourse financing structures for debt service and financing of operations of the underlying entities.
ComEdCollateral held from suppliers associated with energy and REC procurement contracts, any over-recovered RPS costs and
alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA and costs for the remediation of an MGP site.
PECO Proceeds from the sales of assets that were subject to PECO’s mortgage indenture.
BGEProceeds from the loan program for the completion of certain energy efficiency measures and collateral held from energy
suppliers.
PHIPayment of merger commitments, collateral held from its energy suppliers associated with procurement contracts and
repayment of transition bonds.
Pepco Payment of merger commitments and collateral held from energy suppliers.
DPL Collateral held from energy suppliers.
ACE Repayment of transition bonds and collateral held from energy suppliers.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents not available to satisfy current liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets. As of
December 31, 2019  and 2018 , the Registrants' noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented ComEd’ s
over-recovered RPS costs and alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA  and costs for the remediation
of an MGP  site, and ACE’ s repayment of transition bonds.
See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  for additional information.
Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts (All Registrants)
The allowance for uncollectible accounts reflects the Registrants’  best estimates of losses on the customers' accounts receivable
balances. For Generation, the allowance is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience and other currently available
information. Utility Registrants estimate the allowance by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the
outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. Utility Registrants' customer acco unts are written off consistent with
approved regulatory requirements.  See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information regarding the regulatory recovery of
uncollectible accounts receivable at ComEd and ACE.
Variable Interest Entities (Exelon, Generation, PHI and ACE)
Exelon accounts for its investments in and arrangements with VIEs based on the following specific requirements:
•requires an entity to qualitatively assess whether it should consolidate a VIE based on whether the entity has a controlling
financial interest,
•requires an ongoing reconsideration of this assessment instead of only upon certain triggering events, and
•requires the entity that consolidates a VIE (the primary beneficiary) to disclose (1) the assets of the consolidated VIE, if they
can be used to only settle specific obligations of the consolidated VIE, and (2) the
227
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary .
See Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities  for additional information.
Inventories (All Registrants)
Inventory is recorded at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. Provisions are recorded for excess and obsolete
inventory . Fossil fuel, materials and supplies, and emissions allowances are generally included in inventory when purchased. Fossil
fuel and emissions allowances are expensed to purchased power and fuel expense when used or sold. Materials and supplies
generally includes transmission, distribution and generating plant materials and are expensed to operating and maintenance or
capitalized to property , plant and equipment, as appropriate, when installed or used.
Debt and Equity Security Investments (Exelon and  Generation )
Debt Security Investments. Debt securities are reported at fair value and classified as available-for-sale securities. Unrealized
gains and losses, net of tax, are reported in OCI.
Equity Security Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values. Exelon has certain equity securities without readily
determinable fair values. Exelon has elected to use the practicability exception to measure these investments, defined as cost
adjusted for changes from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer , less impairment. Changes
in measurement are reported in earnings.
Equity Secu rity Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values. Equity secur ities held in the NDT funds are classified as
equity securities with readily determinable fair values. Realized and unrealized gains and losse s, net of tax, on Generation’ s NDT
funds assoc iated with the Regulatory Agreement Units are included in regulatory liabilities at Exelon, ComEd and PECO, in
Noncurrent payables to affiliates at Generation and in Noncurrent receivables from affiliates at ComEd and PECO. Realized and
unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on Generation’ s NDT funds associated with the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are
included in earnings at Exelon and Generation. Exelon's and Generation's NDT funds are classif ied as current or noncurrent assets,
depending on the timing  of the decommissioning activities and income taxes on trust earnings.  See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  for
additional information regarding ComEd’ s and PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities and Note 17 — Fair Value of Financial Assets
and Liabilities  and Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations  for addition al informatio n regarding marketable securities held by NDT
funds.
Property , Plant and Equipment (All Registrants)
Property , plant and equipment is recorded at original cost. Original cost includes construction-related direct labor and material costs.
The Utility Registrants also include indirect construction costs including labor and related costs of departments associated with
supporting construction activities. When appropriate, original cost also includes capitalized interest for Generation, Exelon Corporate
and PHI and AFUDC for regulated property at the Utility Registrants. The cost of repairs and maintenance, including planned major
maintenance activities and minor replacements of property , is charged to Operating and maintenance expense as incurred.
Third parties reimburse the Utility Registrants for all or a portion of expenditures for certain capital projects. Such contributions in aid
of construction costs (CIAC) are recorded as a reduction to Property , plant and equipment, net. DOE SGIG and other funds
reimbursed to the Utility Registrants have been accounted for as CIAC.
For Generation, upon retirement, the cost of property is generally charged to accumulated depreciation in accordance with the
composite and group methods of depreciation. Upon replacement of an asset, the costs to remove the asset, net of salvage, are
capitalized to gross plant when incurred as part of the cost of the newly-installed asset and recorded to depreciation expense over
the life of the new asset. Removal costs, net of salvage, incurred for property that will not be replaced is charged to Operating and
maintenance expense as incurred.
For the Utility Registran ts, upon retirement, the cost of property , net of salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation consistent
with the composite and group methods of depreciation.  Depreciation expense at ComEd, BGE,  Pepco, DPL and ACE includes the
estimated cost of disman tling and removing plant from service upon retirement. Actual incurred removal costs are applied against a
related regulatory liability or recorded to a regula tory asset if in excess of previously collected removal costs.  PECO’ s removal costs
are capitalized to accumulated
228
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO’ s
regulatory recovery method.
Capitalized Software. Certain costs, such as design, coding, and testing incurred during the application development stage of
software projects that are internally developed or purchased for operational use are capitalized within Property , plant and equipment.
Similar costs incurred for cloud-based solutions treated as service arrangements are capitalized within Other Current Assets and
Deferred Debits and Other Assets. Such capitalized amounts are amortized ratably over the expected lives of the projects when they
become operational, generally not to exceed five years. Certain other capitalized software costs are being amortized over longer
lives based on the expected life or pursuant to prescribed regulatory requirements.
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC. During cons truction, Exelon and Generation capitalize the costs of debt funds used to finance
non-regulated construction projects. Capitalization of debt funds is recorded as a charge to construction work in progress and as a
non-cash credit to interest expense.
AFUDC is the cost, during the period of construction, of debt and equity funds used to finance construction projects for regulated
operations. AFUDC is recorded to construction work in progress and as a non-cash credit to an allowance that is included in interest
expense for debt-related  funds and other income and deductions for equity-related funds. The rates used for capitalizing AFUDC are
computed under a method prescribed by regulatory authorities.
See Note 7 — Property , Plant and Equipment , Note 8 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant  and Note 23 — Supplemental Financial
Information  for additional information regarding property , plant and equipment.
Nuclear Fuel (Exelon and Generation)
The cost of nuclear fuel is capitalized within Property , plant and equipment and charged to fuel expense using the unit-of-production
method. Any potential future SNF disposal fees will be expensed through fuel expense. Additi onally , certain on-site SNF storage
costs are being reimbursed by the DOE since a DOE (or government-owned) long-term storage facility has not been completed. See
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  for additional information regarding the cost of SNF storage and disposal.
Nuclear Outage Costs (Exelon and Generation)
Costs associated with nuclear outages, including planned major maintenance activities, are expensed to Operating and maintenance
expense or capitalized to Property , plant and equipment (based on the nature of the activities) in the period incurred.
Depreciation and Amortization (All Registrants)
Except for the amortization of nuclear fuel, depreciation is generally recorded over the estimated  service lives of property , plant and
equipment on a straight-line basis using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. The group approach is typically for
groups of similar assets that have approximately  the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for dissimilar assets that
have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group.
The Utility Registrants' depreciation expense includes the estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from service upon
retirement, which is consistent with each utility's regulatory recovery method. The estimated service lives for the Registrants are
based on a combination of depreciation studies, historical retirements, site licenses and management estimates of operating costs
and expected future energy market conditions. See Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  for addition al information on the impacts of
expected and potential early plant retirements.
See Note 7 — Property , Plant and Equipment  for additional information regarding depreciation.
Amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded over the recovery or refund period specified in the related legislation or
regulatory order or agreement. When the recove ry or refund period is less than one year, amortization is recorded to the line item in
which the deferred cost or income would have originally been recorded in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. Amortiz ation of ComEd’ s electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate regulatory
assets and the Utility Registrants' transmission formula rate regulatory assets is recorded to Operating revenues.
229
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Amortization of income tax related regulatory assets and liabilities is generally recorded to Incom e tax expense. With the exception
of the regul atory assets and liabilities discussed above, when the recovery period is more than one year, the amortization is
generally recorded to Depreciation and amortiza tion in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  for additional information regarding
Generation’ s nuclear fuel and ARC, and the amortization of the Utility Registrants' regulatory assets.
Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Generation estimates and recognizes a liability for its legal obligation to perform asset retireme nt activities even though the timing
and/or methods of settlement may be conditional on future events. Generation generally updates its nuclear decommissioning ARO
annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its annual evaluation of cost escalation factors and
probabilities assigned to the multiple outcome scenarios within its probability-weighted discoun ted cash flow models. Generation’ s
multiple outcome scenarios are generally based on decommissioning cost studies which are updated, on a rotational basis, for each
of Generatio n’s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. AROs are accreted
throughout each year to reflect the time value of money for these present value obligations through a charge to Operating and
maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for Non-Regulatory Agreement
Units and through a decrease to regulatory liabilities for Regulatory Agreement Units or, in the case of the Utility Registrants'
accretion, through an increase to regulatory assets.  See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations  for additional information.
Guarantees (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair market value of the obligations they have undertaken
by issuing the guarantee, including the ongoing obligation to perform over the term of the guara ntee in the event that the specified
triggering events or conditions occur .
The liability that is initially recognized at the inception of the guarantee is reduced or eliminated as the Registrants are released from
risk under the guarantee . Depending on the nature of the guarantee, the release from risk of the Registrant may be recognized only
upon the expiration or settlement of the guarantee or by a systematic and rational amortization method over the term of the
guarantee. See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  for additional information.
Asset Impairments
Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants). The Registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets and
asset groups  for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may
not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in
energy price s, condition of the asset, specific regulatory disallowance, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before
the end of its useful life. The Registrants determine if long-lived assets and asset groups are impaired by comparing the
undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived
asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying
amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. See Note 11 — Asset Impairments  for additional information.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd and PHI). Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the
net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at
least annually or on an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value
of a reporting unit below its carrying value. See Note 12 — Intangible Assets  for additional information.
Equity Method Investments (Exelon and Generation). Exelon and Generation regularly monitor and evaluate equity method
investments to determine whether they are impaired. An impairment is recorded when the inves tment has experienced a decline in
value that is other-than -temporary in nature. Additionally , if the entity in which Generation holds an investment recognizes an
impairment loss, Exelon  and Generation would record their proportionate share of that impairme nt loss and evaluate the investment
for an other-than-temporary decline in value.
230
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Debt Security Investments (Exelon and Gene ration). Declines in the fair value of debt security investments below the cost basis
are reviewed to determine if such decline is other-than-temporary . If the decline is determined to be other-than-temporary , the
amount of the impairment loss is included in earnings.
Equity Security Investments (Exelon and Generation). Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured
and recorde d at fair value with any changes in fair value recorded through earnings. Investment s in equity securities without readily
determinable fair values are qualitatively assessed for impairment each reporting period. If it is determined that the equity security is
impaired on the basis of the qualitative assessm ent, an impairment loss will be recognized in earnings to the amount by which the
security’ s carrying amount exceeds its fair value.
Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
All derivative s are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value unless they qualify for certain exceptions, including the NPNS.
For derivativ es intended to serve as economic hedges, changes in fair value are recognized  in earnings each period. Amounts
classified in earnings are included in Operating revenue, Purchased power and fuel, Interest expense or Other , net in the
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Comprehensive Income based on the activity the transaction is economically hedging.
While the majority of the derivatives serve as economic hedges, there are also derivatives entered into for proprietary trading
purposes, subject to Exelon’ s Risk Management  Policy , and changes in the fair value of those derivatives are recorded in revenue in
the Consolid ated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. At the Utility Registrants, changes in fair value may be
recorded as a regulatory asset or liability if there is an ability to recover or return the associate d costs. Cash inflows and outflows
related to derivative instruments are included as a component of operating, investing or financ ing cash flows in the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, depending on the nature of each transaction. On July 1, 2018, Exelon and Generation de-designated its
fair value and cash flow hedges. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional
information.
As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the
requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and
energy-related products  in the energy markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical
commodity . NPNS are contracts where physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course
of business over a reasonable period of time and will not be financially settled. Revenues and expenses on derivative contracts that
qualify , and are designated, as NPNS are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. While these contracts
are considered derivative financial instruments, they are not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather are recorded on an
accrual basis of accounting.  See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information.
Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for essentially all employees.
The plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under these plans are measured as of December 31. The measurement
involves various factors assumptions, and accounting elections. The impact of assumption changes or experience different from that
assumed on pension and OPEB obligations is recognized over time rather than immediately recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Gains or losses in excess of the greater of ten percent of the projected
benefit oblig ation or the MRV of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
See Note 14 — Retirement Benefits  for additional information.
New Accounting Standards (All Registrants)
New Accou nting Standards Adopted in 2019:  In 2019, the Registrants adopted the followin g new authoritative accounting
guidance issued by the F ASB.
Cloud Computing Arrangements (Issued August 2018) . Aligns the requirements for capitalizing costs incurred to implement a cloud
computing arrangement with the internal-use software guidance. As a result, certain implementation costs incurred in a cloud
computing arrangement that are currently expen sed as incurred will be deferred and amortized over the non-cancellable term of the
arrangement plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. The standard was effective January  1, 2020 and can be applied using
either a prospective or retrospective transition approach. A retrospective approach requires a cumulative-ef fect adjustment to
retained earnings as of
231
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
the beginning of the period of adoption. The Registrants early adopted this standard using a prospective approach as of January 1,
2019. The new guidance did not have a material impact on the Registrants' financial statements.
Leases (Issued February 2016).  The Registrants applied the new guidance with the following transition practical expedients:
•a "package of three" expedients that must be taken together and allow entities to (1) not reassess whether existing
contracts contain leases, (2) carry forward the existing lease classification, and (3) not reassess initial direct costs
associated with existing leases,
•an implemen tation expe dient which allows the requirements of the standard in the period of adoption with no restatement
of prior periods, and
•a land easement exped ient which allows entities to not evaluate land easements under the new standard at adoption if
they were not previously accounted for as leases.
The standard resulted in the Registrants recording ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases in their Consolidated
Balance Sheets but did not have a material impact in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity . The operating
ROU assets and lease liabilities recognized upon adoption are materially consistent with the balances presented in the Combined
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, excluding 2019 expense and payment activity . See Note 10 — Leases  for
additional information.
New Accounting Standards Adopted as of January 1, 2020:  The following new authoritative accounting guidance issued by the
FASB was adopted as of January 1, 2020 and will be reflected by the Registrants in their consolidated financial statements
beginning in the first quarter of 2020.
Impairment of Financial Instruments (Issued June 2016).  Provides for a new Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) impairment
model for specified finan cial instruments including loans, trade receivables, debt securities classified as held-to-maturity investments
and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor . Under the new guidance, on initial recognition and at each reporting period, an
entity is required to recognize an allowance that reflects its current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of
the financial  instrument based on historical expe rience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The standard
was effective January 1, 2020 and requires a modified retrospective transition approach through a cumulative-ef fect adjustment to
retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. This standard is primarily applicable to Generation's and the Utility
Registrants' trade accounts receivables balances. The guidance did not have a significant impact on the Registrants' consolidated
financial statements.
Goodwill Impairment (Issued January 2017).  Simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairme nt by removing Step 2 of the current
test, which requires calculation of a hypothetical purchase price allocation. Under the revised guidance, goodwill impairment will be
measured as the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of
goodwill (currently Step 1 of the two-step impairment test). Entities will continue to have the option to perform a qualitative
assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary . The standard was effective January 1, 2020 and must be
applied on a prospective  basis. Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PHI and DPL will apply the new guidance for their goodwill impairment
assessments in 2020 and do not expect the updated guidance to have a material impact to their financial statements.
2. Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  (Exelon and Generation)
CENG Put Option (Exelon and Generation)
Generation owns a 50.01 % membership interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF, which wholly owns the Calvert Cliffs and Ginna
nuclear stations and Nine Mile Point Unit 1, in addition to an 82% undiv ided ownership interest in Nine Mile Point  Unit 2. CENG is
100% consolidated in Exelon's and Generation's financial statements. See Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities  for additional
information.
On April 1, 2014, Generation and EDF entered into various agreements including a Nuclear Operating Services Agreement, an
amended LLC Operating Agreement, an Employee Matters Agreement, and a Put Option Agreement, among others. Under the
amended Operating Agreement, CENG made a $400 million  special distribution to EDF
232
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions
and committed to make preferred distributions to Generation until Generation has received aggregate distributions of $400 million
plus a return of 8.50% per annum. Under the Put Option Agreement, EDF has the option to sell its 49.99 % equity interest in CENG
to Generation exercisable beginning on January  1, 2016 and thereafter until June 30, 2022. On November 20, 2019, Generation
received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercise the put option to sell its interest in CENG to Generation and the put automatically
exercised on January 19, 2020 at the end of the sixty-day advance notice period.
Under the terms of the Put Option Agreement, the purchase price is to be determined by agree ment of the parties, or absent such
agreement, by a third-pa rty arbitration process. The third parties determining fair market value of EDF’ s 49.99 % interest are to take
into conside ration all rights and obligations under the LLC Operating Agreement and Employee Matters Agreement including but not
limited to Generation’ s rights with respect to any unpaid aggregate preferred distributions and the related return. As of December 31,
2019 , the total unpaid aggregate preferred distribu tions and related return owed to Generation is $571 million . At this time,
Generation cannot reasonably predict the ultimate purchase price that will be paid to EDF for its interest in CENG. The transaction
will require approval by the NYPSC, the FERC and the NRC. The process and regulatory appro vals could take one to two years or
more to complete.
Acquisition of James A. FitzPatrick Nuclear Generating Station (Exelon and Generation)
On March 31, 2017, Generation acquired the single-unit James A. FitzPatrick (FitzPatrick) nuclear generating station located in
Scriba, New York from Entergy Nuclear FitzPatrick LLC (Entergy) for a total purchase price of $289 million, which consisted of a
cash purchase price of $110 million and a net cost reimbu rsement to and on behalf of Entergy of $179 million. As part of the
transaction, Generation received the FitzPatrick NDT fund assets and assumed the obligation to decommission FitzPatrick. The
NRC license for FitzPat rick expires in 2034. An after-tax bargain purchase gain of $233 million  was included within Exelon's and
Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income which primarily reflects differences in strategies
between Generation and Entergy for the intended use and ultimate decommissioning of the plant.
Exelon and Generation incurred $57 million  of merger and integration related costs for FitzPatrick for the year ended December 31,
2017 which are include d within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon's and Gener ation's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Disposition of Oyster Creek (Exelon and Generation)
On July 31, 2018, Gene ration entered into an agreement with Holtec International (Holtec) and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary ,
Oyster Creek Environmental Protection, LLC (OCEP), for the sale and decommissioning of Oyster Creek located in Forked River ,
New Jersey , which permanently ceased generation operations on September 17, 2018. Complet ion of the transaction contemplated
by the sale agreement was subject to the satisfaction of several closing conditions, including approval of the license transfer from the
NRC and other regulato ry approvals, and a private letter ruling from the IRS, which were satisfi ed in the second quarter 2019. The
sale was completed on July 1, 2019. Exelon and Generation recognized a loss on the sale in the third quarter , which was immaterial.
Under the terms of the transaction, Generation transferred to OCEP  substantially all the assets associated with Oyster Creek,
including assets held in NDT funds, along with the assumption of liability for all responsibility for the site, including full
decommissioning and ongoing management of spent fuel until the spent fuel is moved offsite. The terms of the transaction also
include various forms of performance assurance for the obligations of OCEP  to timely complete the required decommissioning,
including a parental guaranty from Holtec for all performance and payment obligations of OCEP , and a requirement for Holtec to
deliver a letter of credit to Generation upon the occurrence of specified events.
As a result of the trans action, in the third quarter of 2018, Exelon and Generation reclassified certain Oyster Creek assets and
liabilities in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets as held for sale at their respective fair values. Exelon and
Generation had $897 millio n and $777 millio n of Assets and Liabilitie s held for sale, respectively , at December 31, 2018. Upon
remeasurement of the Oyster Creek ARO, Exelon and Generation recognized an $84 millio n and a $9 millio n pre-tax charge to
Operating and maintenance expense in the third quarter of 2018 and in the second quarter of 2019, respectively . See Note 9 —
Asset Retirement Obligations  for additional information.
233
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions
Disposition of EGTP  and Acquisition of Handley Generating Station (Exelon and Generation)
EGTP , a Delaware limited liability company , was formed in 2014 with the purpose of financing a portfolio of assets comprised of two
combined-cycle gas turbines (CCGT s) and three peaking/simple cycle facilities consisting of approximately 3.4 GW of generation
capacity in ERCOT  North and Houston Zones. EGTP  was an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and Generation.
EGTP’ s operating cash flows were negatively impacted by certain market conditions and the seasonality of its cash flows. On May 2,
2017, as a result of the negative impacts of certain market conditions and the seasonality of its cash flows, EGTP  entered into a
consent agreement with its lenders to permit EGTP  to draw on its revolving credit facility and initiate an orderly sales process to sell
the assets of its wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, Exelon and Generation classified certa in of EGTP  assets and liabilities as
held for sale at their respective fair values less costs to sell and recorded a $460 million  pre-tax impairment loss. See Note 16 —
Debt and Credit Agreements  for details regarding the nonrecourse debt associated with EGTP  and Note 11 — Asset Impairm ents for
additional information.
On Novemb er 7, 2017, EGTP  and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11
of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, which resulted in Exelon and
Generation deconsolidating EGTP's assets and liabilities from their consolidated financial statements in the fourth quarter of 2017
that resulted  in a pre-tax  gain upon deconsolidat ion of $213 million . Concurrent ly with the Chapter 11 filings, Gener ation entered into
an asset purchase agreement to acquire one of EGTP's generating plants, the Handley Generating Station, subject to a potential
adjustment for fuel oil and assumption of certain  liabilities. In the Chapter 11 Filings, EGTP  requested that the proposed acquisition
of the Handley Generating Station be consummated through a court-approved and supervised sales process. The acquisition closed
on April 4, 2018 for a purchase price of $62 millio n. The Chapt er 11 bankruptcy proceedings were finalized on April 17, 2018,
resulting in the ownership of EGTP  assets (other than the Handley Generating Station) being transferred to EGTP's lenders.
Disposition of Electrical Contracting Business (Exelon and Generation)
On February 28, 2018, Generation completed the sale of its interest in an electrical contracting business that primarily installs,
maintains and repairs underground and high-voltage cable transmission and distribution systems for $87 million , resulting in a pre-
tax gain which is include d within Gain on sales of assets and businesses in Exelon's and Gene ration's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2018.
234
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
3.  Regulatory Matters  (All Registrants)
The following matters below discuss the status of material regulatory and legislative proceedings of the Registrants.
Utility Regulatory Matters (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The following tables show the completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2019 .
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
Increase  Approved
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
Increase  Approved
ROE  Approval Date Rate Effective Date
ComEd - Illinois
(Electric)(a) April 16, 2018$ (23) $ (24) 8.69% December 4,
2018January 1,
2019
ComEd - Illinois
(Electric)(a)April 8, 2019 (6) (17) 8.91% December 4,
2019January 1,
2020
PECO - Pennsylvania
(Electric)March 29,
2018 82 25 N/A(b) December 20,
2018January 1,
2019
BGE - Maryland
(Natural Gas)June 8, 2018
(amended
October 12,
2018) 61 43 9.8% January 4, 2019January 4,
2019
BGE - Maryland
(Electric)May 24, 2019
(amended
December 17,
2019) 74 18 9.7%(d) December 17,
2019December 17,
2019
BGE - Maryland
(Natural Gas)May 24, 2019
(amended
December 17,
2019) 59 45 9.75%(d) December 17,
2019December 17,
2019
ACE - New Jersey
(Electric)August 21,
2018
(amended
November 19,
2018) 122(c) 70(c) 9.6% March 13, 2019 April 1, 2019
Pepco - Maryland
(Electric)January 15,
2019
(amended
May 16, 2019) 27 10 9.6% August 12, 2019August 13,
2019
__________
(a)Pursuant to EIMA and FEJA, ComEd’s electric distribution rates are established through a performance-based formula, which sunsets at the end
of 2022. ComEd is required to file an annual update to its electric distribution formula rate on or before May 1st, with resulting rates effective in
January of the following year. ComEd’s annual electric distribution formula rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year
projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in
effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation).
ComEd’s 2018 approved revenue requirement above reflects a decrease of $58 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2018 and an
increase of $34 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2017. The revenue requirement for 2018 and the annual reconciliation for 2017
provides for a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate base of 6.52%
235
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.69%, reflecting the average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. ComEd’s 2019 approved
revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $51 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2019 and a decrease of $68 million
related to the annual reconciliation for 2018. The revenue requirement for 2019 and the annual reconciliation for 2018 provides for a weighted
average debt and equity return on distribution rate base of 6.51% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.91%, reflecting the average rate on 30-year
treasury notes plus 580 basis points. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated with its electric distribution formula rate.
During the first quarter of 2018, ComEd revised its electric distribution formula rate to implement revenue decoupling provisions provided for
under FEJA. As a result of this revision, ComEd’s electric distribution formula rate revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per
customer or numbers of customers. ComEd began reflecting the impacts of this change in its Operating revenues and electric distribution
formula rate regulatory asset in the first quarter of 2017.
(b)The PECO rate case proceeding was resolved through a settlement agreement, which did not specify an approved ROE.
(c)Requested and approved increases are before New Jersey sales and use tax.
(d)ROEs in approved settlement are for the purpose of calculating AFUDC and carrying charges.
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
Pepco - District of
Columbia (Electric)(a)May 30, 2019
(amended September
16, 2019) $ 160 10.3% Fourth quarter of 2020
DPL - Maryland (Electric) December 5, 2019 19 10.3% Third quarter of 2020
_________
(a)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan and total requested revenue requirement increases of $84 million, $40 million and $36 million
for years 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively, to recover capital investments made in 2018 and 2019 and planned capital investments from 2020
to 2022.
Transmission Formula Rates
Transmission Formula  Rate (Exelon, ComEd , BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE).   ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepc o's, DPL's and ACE's
transmission rates are each established based on a FERC-approved formula. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE are required to
file an annual update to the FERC-approved formula on or before May 15, with the resulting rates effective on June 1 of the same
year. The annual formul a rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year
revenue requirement). The update also reconcil es any differences between the revenue requirement in effect beginning June 1 of
the prior year and actual costs incurred for that year (annual reconciliation).
236
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
For 2019 , the follow ing total increases/(decreases) were included in ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's electric
transmission formula rate filings:
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Annual
Reconciliation
(Decrease)/IncreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Allowed Return on
Rate Base(c) Allowed ROE(d)
ComEd(a)$ 21 $ (16)$ 5 8.21% 11.50 %
BGE(a)(10) (23) (19)(b) 7.35% 10.50 %
Pepco 15 11 26 7.75% 10.50 %
DPL 17 (1) 16 7.14% 10.50 %
ACE 11 (2) 9 7.79% 10.50 %
__________
(a)The time period for any formal challenges to the annual transmission formula rate update filings expired with no formal challenges submitted
(b)The change in BGE's transmission revenue requirement includes a FERC approved dedicated facilities charge of $14 million to recover the
costs of providing transmission service to specifically designated load by BGE.
(c)Represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(d)As part of the FERC-approved settlement of ComEd’s 2007 transmission rate case, the rate of return on common equity is 11.50%, inclusive of
a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO, and the common equity component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted
average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at 55%. As part of the FERC-approved settlement of the
ROE complaint against BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE, the rate of return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder
for being a member of a RTO.
Transmission Formula Rate (Exelon and PECO). On May 1, 2017, PECO filed a request with FERC seeking approval to update
its transmission rates and change the manner in which PECO’ s transmission rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate.
The formula rate will be updated annually to ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing transmission
services. PECO’ s initial formula rate filing included a requested increase of $22 million to PECO’s annual transmission revenue
requirement, which reflected a ROE of 11%, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a RTO. On June 27, 2017,
FERC issued an Order accepting the filing and suspending the proposed rates until December 1, 2017, subject to refund, and set
the matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures.
On December 5, 2019, FERC issued an Order accepting without modification the settlement agreement filed by PECO and other
parties in July 2019. The settlement results in an increase of approximately $14 million  with a return on rate base of 7.62%
compared to PECO's initial formula rate filing and allows for an ROE of 10.35 %, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a
member of the RTO. The settlement did not have a material impact on PECO's 2017, 2018, or 2019 annual transmission revenue
requirements. PECO will update its rates in 2020 and refund estimated overcollections totaling approximately $28 million  related to
the amounts billed under the proposed rates in ef fect since 2017.
Pursuant to the transmis sion formula rate request discussed above, PECO made its annual formula rate updates in May 2018 and
2019, which  included a decrease of $6 million and an increase of $8 million, respectivel y, to the annual transmission revenue
requirement. The updated transmission formula rates were ef fective on June 1, 2018 and 2019, respectively , subject to refund.
Other State Regulatory Matters
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Energy Efficiency Formula Rate (Exelon and ComEd).  FEJA allows ComEd to defer energy efficienc y costs (except for any
voltage optim ization costs which are recovered through the electric distribution formula rate) as a separate regulatory asset that is
recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related
energy efficiency measures. ComEd earns a return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset at a rate equal to its weighted average
cost of capital, which is based on a year-end capital structure and calculated using the same methodology applicable to ComEd’ s
electric distribution formula rate. Beginning Janu ary 1, 2018 through December 31, 2030, the return on equity that ComEd earns on
its energy ef ficiency regulatory asset is subject to a maximum downward or upward adjustment of 200 basis points if ComEd’ s
237
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
cumulative persisting annual MWh savings falls short of or exceeds specified percentage benchmarks of its annual incremental
savings goal. ComEd is required to file an update to its energy efficiency formula rate on or before June 1st each year, with resulting
rates effectiv e in January of the following year. The annual update is based on projected current year energy efficiency costs, PJM
capacity revenues, and the projected year-end regulatory asset balance less any related deferred income taxes (initial year revenue
requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual
costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation). The approved energy efficiency formula rate also provides for revenue
decoupling provisions similar to those in ComEd’ s electric distribution formula rate.
During 2019, the ICC approved the following total increases in ComEd's requested energy ef ficiency revenue requirement:
Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement IncreaseApproved Revenue
Requirement Increase Approved ROE Approval Date Rate Effective Date
May 23, 2019 $ 51$ 50(a) 8.91% November 26, 2019 January 1, 2020
_________
(a)ComEd’s 2020 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $53 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2020 and a
decrease of $3 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2018. The revenue requirement for 2020 provides for a weighted average debt and
equity return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset and rate base of 6.51% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.91%, reflecting the average rate
on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated with its energy efficiency formula
rate.
Maryland Regulatory Matters
Maryland Alternative Rate Plans Rulemaking (Exelon, BGE, PHI, Pepco and DPL).  On August 9, 2019, the MDPSC issued an
order in which the MDPSC determined that it is now appropriate to move forward to implement alternative rate plans in Maryland. 
The MDPSC found that a multi-year rate plan, based on a historic test year and allowing up to three future test years, can produce
just and reasonable rates.  A working group was convened and submitted a detailed implementation report related to multi-year rate
plans to the MDPSC on December 20, 2019.  In response to the working group report, the MDPSC issued an order on February 4,
2020 establishing a multi-year rate plan pilot and an associated framework for a Maryland utility to use in the pilot multi-year rate
plan filing. The working group was required to continue and discuss how best to integrate perform ance-based measures into a multi-
year rate plan. The working group is currently discussing performance-based measures which could be combined with future multi-
year rate plans and will submit its report to the MDPSC by April 1, 2020. BGE, Pepco and DPL cannot predict the outcome or the
potential financial impact, if any , on BGE, Pepco or DPL.
The Maryland Strategic Infrastructure Develo pment and Enhancement Program (Exelon and BGE). On December 1, 2017 (as
amended on January 22, 2018), BGE filed an application with the MDPSC seeking approval for a new gas infrastructure
replacement plan and associated surcharge, effective for the five-year period from 2019 through 2023. On May 30, 2018, the
MDPSC approved with modifications a new infrastructure plan and associated surcharge, subjec t to BGE's acceptance of the Order .
On June 1, 2018, BGE accepted the MDPSC Order and the associated surcharge became effective January 2019. The five-year
plan calls for capital expenditures over the 2019-2023 timeframe of $732 million with an associated revenue requirement of $200
million.
Cash Working Capital Order (Exelon and BGE).  On November 17, 2016, the MDPSC rendered a decision in the proceeding to
review BGE ’s request to recover its cash workin g capital (CWC) requirement for its Provider of Last Resort service, also known as
Standard Offer Service (SOS), as well as other components that make up the Administrative Charge, the mechanism that enables
BGE to recover its SOS-related costs.  The Administrative Charge is comprised of five components:  CWC, uncollectibles,
incremental costs, return, and an administrative adjustment, which acts as a proxy for retail suppliers’  costs.  The MDPSC accepted
BGE's positi ons on recovery of CWC and pass-through recovery of BGE’ s actual uncollectibles and incremental costs.  The order
also grants BGE a return on the SOS. Subsequently , the MDPSC Staff and residential consume r advocate sought clarification and
appealed the amount of return awarded to BGE on the SOS. The appeal currently resides with the Maryland Court of Special
Appeals. Also, in BGE’ s 2019 electric and gas distribution base rate proceeding, the MDPSC established a normalized
administrative adjustment. However , a group of electric suppliers appealed the MDPSC’ s decision to the Circuit Court for Baltimore
City. BGE cannot predict the outcome of these appeals.
238
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
ACE Infrastructure Investment Program Filing (Exelon, PHI and ACE).  On February 28, 2018, ACE filed with the NJBPU the
company’ s Infrastructure Investment Program (IIP) proposing to seek recovery of a series of investments through a new rider
mechanism, totaling $338 million , between 2019-2022 to provide safe and reliable service for its customers. The IIP will allow for
more timely recovery of investments made to modernize and enhance ACE’ s electric system. On April 15, 2019, ACE entered into a
settlement agreement with other parties, which allows for a recovery totaling $96 million  of reliability related capital investments from
July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2023. On April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the settlement agreement.
New Jersey  Clean Energy Legislation (Exelon, PHI and ACE).  On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that established
and modified New Jerse y’s clean energy and energy efficiency programs and solar and renewable energy portfolio standards. On
the same day, New Jersey enacted legislation that established a ZEC program that provides compensation for nuclear plants that
demonstrate to the NJBP U that they meet certain requirements, including that they make a signif icant contribution to air quality in the
state and that their reven ues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Electric distribution utilities in New Jersey , including ACE,
began collecting from retail distribution customers, through a non-bypassable charge, all costs associated with the utility’ s
procurement of the ZECs ef fective April 18, 2019. See Generation Regulatory Matters below for additional information.
Other Federal Regulatory Matters
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory Assets (Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco,  DPL and ACE). On December 13,
2016 (and as amended on March 13, 2017), BGE filed with FERC to begin recovering certain existing and future transmission-
related income tax regulatory assets through its transmission formula rate. BGE’ s existing regulatory assets included (1) amounts
that, if BGE’ s transmission formula rate provided for recovery , would have been previously amort ized and (2) amounts that would be
amortized and recovered prospectively . ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE had similar transmission-related income tax regulatory
liabilities and assets also requiring FERC approval. On November 16, 2017, FERC issued an order rejecting BGE’ s proposed
revisions to its transmis sion formula rate to recover these transmission-related income tax regulatory assets. As a result of the
FERC's order, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE took a charge to Income tax expense within their Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income in the fourth quarter of 2017, reducing their associated transmission-related income tax
regulatory assets for the portion of the total transmission-related income tax regulatory assets that would have been previously
amortized and recovere d through rates. Simila r regulatory assets and liabilities at PECO are not subject to the same FERC
transmission rate recovery formula. See above for additional information regarding PECO's transmission formula rate filing.
On December 18, 2017,  BGE filed for clarification and rehearing of FERC’ s November 16, 2017 order and on February 23, 2018 (as
amended on July 9, 2018), ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each filed with FERC to revise their transmission formula rate
mechanisms to permit recovery of transmission-related income tax regulatory assets, including those amounts that would have been
previously amortized and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for such recovery .
On Septemb er 7, 2018, FERC issued orders rejecting BGE’ s December 18, 2017 request for rehearing and clarification and
ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's February 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018) filings,  citing the lack of timeliness of the
requests to recover amounts that would have been previously amortized, but indicating that ongoing recovery of certain
transmission-related income tax regulatory assets would provide for a more accurate revenue requirement, consistent with its
November 16, 2017 order .
On October 1, 2018, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE submitted filings to recover ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts and
refund TCJA  transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities for the prospective period starting on October 1, 2018. In addition,
on October 9, 2018, ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE sought rehearing of FERC's September 7, 2018 order . On November 2, 2018,
BGE filed an appeal of FERC's September 7, 2018 order to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. On April 26, 2019 FERC issued
an order accepting ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's October 1, 2018 filings, effective October 1, 2018, subject to refund
and established hearing and settlement judge procedures. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE cannot predict the outcome of these
proceedings.
If FERC ultimately rules that the future, ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts are not recov erable, Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI,
Pepco, DPL  and ACE would record additional charges to Income tax expense, which could be
239
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
up to approximately $79 million, $51 million, $17 million, $11 million, $4 million, $5 million and $2 million, respectivel y, as of
December 31, 2019.
PJM Transm ission Rate Design (All Registra nts).  On June 15, 2016, several parties, including the Utility Registrants, filed a
proposed settlement with FERC to resolve outstanding issues related to cost responsibility for charges to transmission customers for
certain trans mission facilities that operate at or above 500 kV. The settlement included provisions for monthly credits or charges
related to the periods prior to January 1, 2016 that are expected to be refunded or recovered through PJM wholesale transmission
rates throug h December 2025. On May 31, 2018, FERC issued an order approving the settlem ent. Pursuant to the order , similar
charges for the period January 1, 2016 throug h June 30, 2018 would also be refunded or recovered through PJM wholesale
transmission rates over the subsequent 12-month period. PJM commenced billing the refunds and charges associated with this
settlement in August 2018.
The Utility Registrants recorded the following payables to/receivables from PJM and related regulatory assets/liabilities in 2018 and
have been refunding or recovering these amounts through electric distribution customer rates. Generation recorded a $41 million  net
payable to PJM and a pre-tax charge within Purchased power and fuel expense in Exelon 's and Generation's Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
 PJM Receivable PJM Payable Regulatory Asset Regulatory Liability
Exelon $ 220 $ 176 $ 136 $ 221
Generation(a)— 41 — —
ComEd 122 — — 122
PECO 85 — — 85
BGE — 51 51 —
PHI 13 84 85 14
Pepco — 84 84 —
DPL 10 — — 10
ACE 3 — 1 4
__________
(a)Does not include an offsetting receivable from New Jersey Utilities of $16 million as of December 31, 2018.
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits that have been deferred
because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates or represent billings in advance of
expenditures for approved regulatory programs.
240
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
The following tables provide information about the regulatory assets and liabilities of Exelon, Com Ed, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL
and ACE as of December 31, 2019  and December 31, 2018 :
December 31, 2019 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory assets        
Pension and other postretirement
benefits $2,784  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Pension and other postretirement
benefits - Merger related 1,138  — — — — — — —
Deferred income taxes 528  — 518 — 10 10 — —
AMI programs - Deployment costs 207  — — 129 78 43 35 —
AMI programs - Legacy Meters 276  113 12 45 106 79 27 —
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 34 34 — — — — — —
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 66 66 — — — — — —
Energy ef ficiency costs 746  746 — — — — — —
Fair value of long-term debt 650  — — — 523 — — —
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 443  — — — 443 — — —
Asset retirement obligations 127  85 23 16 3 2 — 1
MGP  remediation costs 302  287 11 4 — — — —
Renewable energy 301  301 — — — — — —
Electric Energy and Natural Gas
Costs 110  — 6 36 68 43 5 20
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 11 — — 1 10 1 2 7
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 572  — — 303 269 196  73 —
Merger integration costs 32 — — 2 30 15 8 7
Under-recovered revenue
decoupling 37 — — 8 29 29 — —
Securitized stranded costs 37 — — — 37 — — 37
Removal costs 641  — — 67 574 152  100  324
DC PLUG charge 126  — — — 126 126  — —
Other 337  129 25 26 167 76 24 29
Total regulatory assets 9,505  1,761 595 637 2,473 772  274  425
        Less: current portion 1,170  281 41 183 412 188  52 57
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,335  $1,480 $ 554 $454 $2,061 $ 584  $ 222  $ 368
241
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2019 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI  Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory liabilities         
Deferred income taxes $4,944 $2,297 $ — $1,089  $1,558  $ 725  $ 477  $ 356
Nuclear decommissioning 3,102 2,622 480 — — — — —
Removal costs 1,621 1,435 — 58 128  20 108  —
Electric Energy and Natural Gas
Costs 109 45 56 — 8 — 8 —
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 34 6 28 — — — — —
Other 582 337 37 81 83 9 18 26
Total regulatory liabilities 10,392 6,742 601 1,228 1,777  754  611  382
        Less: current portion 406 200 91 33 70 8 37 25
Total noncurrent regulatory
liabilities $9,986 $6,542 $ 510 $1,195 $1,707  $ 746  $ 574  $ 357
242
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2018 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory assets           
Pension and other postretirement
benefits $2,553 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Pension and other postretirement
benefits - Merger related 1,266 — — — — — — —
Deferred income taxes 414 — 404  — 10 10 — —
AMI programs - Deployment
costs 234 — — 145  89 50 39 —
AMI programs - Legacy Meters 328 136  24 48 120 90 30 —
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 158 158  — — — — — —
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 81 81 — — — — — —
Energy ef ficiency costs 472 472  — — — — — —
Fair value of long-term debt 702 — — — 569 — — —
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 561 — — — 561 — — —
Asset retirement obligations 118 79 22 16 1 1 — —
MGP  remediation costs 326 309  17 — — — — —
Renewable energy 249 249  — — — — — —
Electric Energy and Natural Gas
Costs 193 — 49 51 93 84 — 9
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 41 6 — 4 31 10 14 7
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 545 — 1 289  255 188  67 —
Merger integration costs 42 — — 3 39 18 11 10
Under-recovered revenue
decoupling 27 — — 2 25 25 — —
Securitized stranded costs 50 — — — 50 — — 50
Removal costs 564 — — — 564 158  97 309
DC PLUG charge 159 — — — 159 159  — —
Deferred storm costs 41 — — — 41 9 4 28
Other 303 110  24 17 162 79 28 13
Total regulatory assets 9,427 1,600  541  575 2,769 881  290  426
        Less: current portion 1,190 293  81 177  457 238  59 40
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,237 $1,307  $ 460  $ 398 $ 2,312 $ 643  $ 231  $ 386
243
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2018 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory liabilities        
Deferred income taxes $5,228 $2,394  $ — $1,132  $ 1,702 $ 798 $ 510  $ 394
Nuclear decommissioning 2,606 2,217  389 — — — — —
Removal costs 1,547 1,368  — 52 127 20 107  —
Electric Energy and Natural
Gas Costs 294 137  132 6 19 — 18 1
Other 528 227  75 79 100 11 30 25
Total regulatory liabilities 10,203 6,343  596 — 1,269 1,948 829 665  420
        Less: current portion 644 293  175 77 84 7 59 18
Total noncurrent regulatory
liabilities $9,559 $6,050  $ 421 $1,192 $ 1,864 $ 822 $ 606  $ 402
Descriptions of the regulatory assets and liabiliti es included in the tables above are summarized  below , including their recovery and
amortization periods.
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Pension and Other
Postretirement BenefitsPrimarily reflects the Utility Registrants' portion of
deferred costs, including unamortized actuarial
losses (gains) and prior service costs (credits),
associated with Exelon's pension and other
postretirement benefit plans, which are recovered
through customer rates once amortized through net
periodic benefit cost. Also, includes the Utility
Registrants' non–service cost components
capitalized in Property , plant and equipment, net on
their Consolidated Balance Sheets.The deferred costs are
amortized over the plan
participants' average
remaining service periods
subject to applicable
pension and other
postretirement cost
recognition policies. See
Note 14 – Retirement
Benefits for additional
information. The
capitalized non–service
cost components are
amortized over the lives
of the underlying assets.No
Pension and Other
Postretirement Benefits -
Merger RelatedThe deferred costs are amortized over the plan
participants' average remaining service periods
subject to applicable pension and other
postretirement cost recognition policies. See Note
14 – Retirement Benefits for additional information.
The capitalized non–service cost components are
amortized over the lives of the underlying assets.Legacy Constellation -
2038
Legacy PHI - 2032No
244
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Deferred Income TaxesDeferred income taxes that are recoverable or
refundable through customer rates, primarily
associated with accelerated depreciation, the equity
component of AFUDC, and the ef fects of income tax
rate changes, including those resulting from the
TCJA. These amounts include transmission-related
regulatory liabilities that require FERC approval
separate from the transmission formula rate. See
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory
Assets section above for additional information.Over the period in which
the related deferred
income taxes reverse,
which is generally based
on the expected life of
the underlying assets.
For TCJA, generally
refunded over the
remaining depreciable life
of the underlying assets,
except in certain
jurisdictions where the
commissions have
approved a shorter
refund period for certain
assets not subject to IRS
normalization rules.No
AMI Programs -
Deployment CostsInstallation costs of new smart meters, including
implementation costs at Pepco and DPL  of dynamic
pricing for energy usage resulting from smart
meters.BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030Yes
AMI Programs - Legacy
MetersEarly retirement costs of legacy meters.ComEd - 2028
PECO - 2020
BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030ComEd, Pepco (District
of Columbia), DPL
(Delaware) - Yes
PECO, BGE, Pepco
(Maryland), DPL
(Maryland) - No
Electric distribution
formula rate annual
reconciliationsUnder-recoveries related to electric distribution
service costs recoverable through ComEd's
performance-based formula rate, which is updated
annually with rates ef fective on January 1st.2021Yes
Electric distribution
formula rate significant
one-time eventsUnder-recoveries of electric distribution service
costs related to ComEd's significant one-time
events (e.g., storm costs), which are recovered over
5 years from date of the event.2023 Yes
Energy Ef ficiency CostsComEd's costs recovered through the energy
efficiency formula rate tarif f and the reconciliation of
the dif ference of the revenue requirement in ef fect
for the prior year and the revenue requirement
based on actual prior year costs. Deferred energy
efficiency costs are recovered over the weighted
average useful life of the related energy measure.2029Yes
245
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Fair V alue of Long-T erm
DebtRepresents the dif ference between the carrying
value and fair value of long-term debt of PHI and
BGE of $523 million and $127 million, respectively ,
as of December 30, 2019 and $569 million and
$133 million, respectively , as of December 30,
2018, as of the PHI and Constellation merger dates.BGE - 2043
PHI - 2045No
Fair V alue of PHI’ s
Unamortized Energy
ContractsRepresents the regulatory assets recorded at
Exelon and PHI of fsetting the fair value adjustment
related to Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's electricity and
natural gas energy supply contracts recorded at PHI
as of the PHI merger date.2036 No
Asset Retirement
ObligationsFuture legally required removal costs associated
with existing asset retirement obligations.Over the life of the
related assets.Yes, once the removal
activities have been
performed.
MGP  Remediation Costs Environmental remediation costs for MGP  sites.Over the expected
remediation period. See
Note 18 - Commitments
and Contingencies for
additional information.ComEd, PECO - No
Renewable EnergyRepresents the change in fair value of ComEd‘s 20-
year floating-to-fixed long-term renewable energy
swap contracts.2032No
Electric Energy and
Natural Gas CostsUnder (over) recoveries related to energy and gas
supply related costs recoverable (refundable) under
approved rate riders.2025DPL (Delaware), ACE -
Yes
ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  (Maryland) -
No
Transmission formula
rate annual
reconciliationsUnder (over)-recoveries related to transmission
service costs recoverable through the Utility
Registrants’  FERC formula rates, which are updated
annually with rates ef fective each June 1st.2021 Yes
Energy ef ficiency and
demand response
programsIncludes under (over)-recoveries of costs incurred
related to energy ef ficiency programs and demand
response programs and recoverable costs
associated with customer direct load control and
energy ef ficiency and conservation programs that
are being recovered from customers.PECO - 2021
BGE - 2024
Pepco, DPL  - 2034BGE, Pepco, DPL  - Yes
PECO - Yes on capital
investment recovered
through this mechanism
246
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Merger Integration CostsIntegration costs to achieve distribution synergies
related to the Constellation merger and PHI
acquisition. Costs for Pepco (Maryland) and Pepco
(District of Columbia) were $6 million and $9 million,
respectively as of December 31, 2019 and $9
million each as of December 31, 2018.BGE - 2021
Pepco - 2021
DPL- 2023
ACE - 2022BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL - Yes
Pepco (District of
Columbia), ACE - No
Under (Over)-Recovered
Revenue DecouplingElectric and / or gas distribution costs recoverable
from or (refundable) to customers under decoupling
mechanisms.BGE, Pepco and DPL  -
2020BGE, Pepco, DPL- No
Securitized Stranded
CostsRepresents certain stranded costs associated with
ACE's former electricity generation business.2022Yes
Removal CostsFor BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE, the regulatory
asset represents costs incurred to remove property ,
plant and equipment in excess of amounts received
from customers through depreciation rates. For
ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco and DPL, the regulatory
liability represents amounts received from
customers through depreciation rates to cover the
future non–legally required cost to remove property ,
plant and equipment, which reduces rate base for
ratemaking purposes.BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL
and ACE - Asset is
generally recovered over
the life of the underlining
assets.
ComEd, BGE, PHI,
Pepco and DPL  - The
liability is reduced as
costs are incurred.Yes
DC PLUG ChargeCosts associated with the District of Columbia
Power Line Undergrounding (DC PLUG), which is a
projected six year , $500 million project to place
underground some of the District of Columbia’ s
most outage-prone power lines with $250 million of
the project costs funded by Pepco and $250 million
funded by the District of Columbia. Rates for the DC
PLUG initiative went into ef fect on February 7,
2018.2020 - $30M
$67 million to be
determined based on
future biennial plans filed
with the DCPSC.Portion of asset funded
by Pepco-Y es
Deferred Storm CostsFor Pepco, DPL  and ACE amounts represent total
incremental storm restoration costs incurred due to
major storm events recoverable from customers in
the Maryland and New Jersey jurisdictions.Pepco - 2024
DPL - 2023
ACE - 2022Pepco, DPL  - Yes
ACE - No
Nuclear
DecommissioningEstimated future decommissioning costs for the
Regulatory Agreement Units that are less than the
associated NDT  fund assets. See Note 9 - Asset
Retirement Obligations for additional information.Not currently being
refunded. No
247
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Capitalized Ratemaking Amounts Not Recognized
The following table presents authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes related to earnings on shareholders’
investment that are not recognized for financial reporting purposes in Exelon's and the Utility Registrant's Consolidated Balance
Sheets. These amounts will be recognized as revenues in the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income in the periods they are billable to our customers.
 Exelon ComEd(a) PECO  BGE(b) PHI Pepco(c) DPL(c) ACE
December 31, 2019 $ 63 $ 3$ — $ 53 $ 7$ 4 $ 3$ —
      
December 31, 2018 $ 65 $ 8$ — $ 49 $ 8$ 5 $ 3$ —
__________
(a)Reflects ComEd's unrecognized equity returns earned for ratemaking purposes on its electric distribution formula rate regulatory assets.
(b)BGE's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes primarily relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on its AMI programs.
(c)Pepco's and DPL's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on their respective
AMI Programs and Energy Efficiency and Demand Response Programs. The earnings on energy efficiency are on Pepco DC and DPL DE
programs only.
Generation Regulatory Matters (Exelon and Generation)
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Zero Emission Standard.  Pursuant to FEJA, on January 25, 2018, the ICC announced that Generation’ s Clinton Unit 1, Quad
Cities Unit 1 and Quad Cities Unit 2 nuclear plants were selected as the winning bidders through the IP A's ZEC procurement event.
Generation executed the ZEC procurement contracts with Illinois utilities, including ComEd, effective January 26, 2018 and began
recognizing revenue with compensation for the sale of ZECs retroactive to the June 1, 2017 effective date of FEJA. The ZEC price
was initially established at $16.50  per MWh of production, subject to annual future adjustments determined by the IPA for specified
escalation and pricing adjustment mechanisms  designed to lower the ZEC price based on increases in underlying energy and
capacity prices. Illinois utilities are required to purchase all ZECs delivered by the zero-emi ssions nuclear-powered generating
facilities, subject to annu al cost caps. For the initial delivery year, June 1, 2017 to May 31, 2018, and subsequent delivery year, June
1, 2018 to May 31, 2019, the ZEC annual cost cap was set at $235 millio n (Com Ed’s share is approximately $170 millio n). For
subsequent delivery years, the IPA-approved targeted ZEC procurement amounts will change based on forward energy and capacity
prices. ZECs delivered to Illinois utilities in exce ss of the annual cost cap may be paid in subsequent years if the payments do not
exceed the prescribed annual cost cap for that year. During the first quarter of 2018, Generation recognized $150 million  of revenue
related to ZECs generated from June 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
On February 14, 2017, two lawsuits were filed in the Northern District of Illinois against the IPA alleging that the state’ s ZEC program
violates certain provisions of the U.S. Constitution. Both lawsuits argued that the Illinois ZEC program would distort PJM's FERC-
approved energy and capacity market auction system of setting wholesale prices and sought a permanent injunction preventing the
implementation of the program. The lawsuits were dismissed by the district court on July 14, 2017. On September 13, 2018, the U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the lower court's dismissal of both lawsuits. On January 7, 2019, plaintif fs
filed a petition seeking U.S. Supreme Court review of the case, which was denied on April 15, 2019.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
New Jersey Clean Energy Legislation . On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that established a ZEC program that will
provide compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certain requirements, including that they
make a significant contri bution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Under
the legislation, the NJBP U will issue ZECs to qualifying nuclear power plants and the electric  distribution utilities in New Jersey ,
including ACE, will be required to purchase those ZECs. Selected nuclear plants will receive annual ZEC payments for each energy
year (12-month period from June 1 through May 31) within 90 days after the completion of such  energy year. The quantity of ZECs
issued will be
248
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
determined based on the greater of 40% of the total number of MWh of electricity distributed by the public electric distribution utilities
in New Jersey in the prior year, or the total number of MWh of electricity generated in the prior year by the selected nuclear power
plants. The ZEC price is approximately $10 per MWh during the first 3-year eligibility period . For eligibility periods following the first
3-year eligibility period, the NJBPU has discretion to reduce the ZEC price.
On Novemb er 19, 2018, NJBPU issued an order providing for the method and application process for determining the eligibility of
nuclear power plants, a draft method and process for ranking and selecting eligible nuclear powe r plants, and the establishment of a
mechanism for each regulated utility to purchase ZECs from selected nuclear power plants. On December 19, 2018, PSEG filed
complete applications seeking NJBPU approval for Salem 1 and Salem 2, of which Generation owns a 42.59 % ownership interest, to
participate in the ZEC program. On April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the award of ZECs to Salem 1 and Salem 2. Upon
approval, Generation began recognizing revenue for the sale of New Jersey ZECs in the month they are generated and has
recognized $53 million  for the year ended December 31, 2019. On May 15, 2019, New Jersey Rate Counsel appealed the NJBPU’ s
decision to the New Jersey Superior Court. The appeal does not prevent implementation of the ZEC program. Exelon and
Generation cannot predict the outcome of the appeal. See Note 6 - Early Plant Retirements  for additional information related to
Salem.
New York Regulatory Matters
New York Clean Energ y Standard. On August 1, 2016, the NYPSC issued an order  establishing the New York CES, a component
of which is a Tier 3 ZEC program targeted at preserving the environmental attributes of zero-em issions nuclear-powered generating
facilities that meet the criteria demonstrating public necessity as determined by the NYPSC to be Generation's FitzPatrick, Ginna
and Nine Mile Point nuclear facilities. The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) centrally
procures the ZECs through a 12-year contract extending from April 1, 2017 through March 31, 2029, administered in six two-year
tranches. ZEC payments are made based upon the number of MWh produced by each facility , subject to specified caps and
minimum performance requirements. The ZEC price for the first tranche was set at $17.48  per MWh of productio n and is
administratively determin ed using a formula based on the social cost of carbon as determined in 2016 by the federal government,
subject to pricing adjus tments designed to lower the ZEC price based on increases in unde rlying energy and capacity prices. 
Following the first tranche, the price will be updated bi-annually .  Each Load Serving Entity (LSE) is required to purchase an amount
of ZECs from NYSERDA  equivalent to its load ratio share of the total electric energy in the New York Control Area.  Cost recovery
from ratepayers is incorporated into the commodity charges on customer bills.
On October 19, 2016, a coalition of fossil-genera tion companies filed a complaint in federal district court against the NYPSC alleging
that the ZEC program violates certain provisions of the U.S. Constitution; specifically , that the ZEC program interferes with FERC’ s
jurisdiction over wholesa le rates and that it discr iminates against out of state competitors, which was dismissed by the district court
on July 25, 2017. On September 27, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the lower court's dismissal of
the complaint against the ZEC program. On January 7, 2019, the fossil-generation companies filed a petition seeking U.S. Supreme
Court review of the case which was denied on April 15, 2019.
In addition, on November 30, 2016 (as amende d on January 13, 2017), a group of parties filed a Petition in New York State court
seeking to invalidate the ZEC program, which argued that the NYPSC did not have authority to establish the program, that it violated
state environmental law and that it violated certa in technical provisions of the State Administrative Procedures Act when adopting the
ZEC program. Subsequently , Generation, CENG  and the NYPSC filed motions to dismiss the state court action, which were later
opposed by the plaintif fs. On January 22, 2018, the court dismissed the environmental claims and the majority of the plaintif fs from
the case but denied the motions to dismiss with respect to the remaining five plaintif fs and claims, without commenting on the merits
of the case. On October 8, 2019, the court dism issed all remaining claims. The petitioners filed a notice of appeal on November 4,
2019 and have until May 4, 2020 to file their brief.
See Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  for addition al information related to Ginna and Nine Mile Point, and Note 2 — Mergers,
Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information on Generation's acquisition of FitzPatrick.
Ginna Nucle ar Power Plant Reliability Support Services Agreement.  In November 2014, in response to a petition filed by Ginna
regarding the possible retirement of Ginna, the NYPSC directed Ginna and Rochester Gas
249
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
& Electric Company (RG&E) to negotiate a RSSA  to support the continued operation of Ginna to maintain the reliability of the RG&E
transmission grid for a specified period of time.
On April 8, 2016, FERC accepted Ginna’ s compliance filing and on April 20, 2016, the NYPSC  accepted the revised RSSA  with a
term expiring on March 31, 2017. In April 2016, Generation began recognizing revenue based on the final approved pricing
contained in the RSSA  and also recognized a one-time revenue adjustment of $101 million representin g the net cumulative
previously unrecognized amount of revenue retroactive from the April 1, 2015 effective date through March 31, 2016. A 49.99 %
portion of the one-time adjustment was removed from Generation’ s results of operations as a result of the noncontrolling interests in
CENG.
The RSSA required Ginna to continue operating  through the RSSA  term. On September 30, 2016, Ginna filed the required notice
with the NYPSC of its intent to continue operat ing beyond the March 31, 2017 expiry of the RSSA, conditioned upon successful
execution of an agreement between Ginna and NYSERDA  for the sale of ZECs under the New York CES. Subject to prevailing over
any administrative or legal challenges, it is expected the New York CES will allow Ginna to continue to operate through the end of its
current operating licens e in 2029. See Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  for additional information regarding the impac ts of a
decision to early retire a nuclear plant.
Federal Regulatory Matters
PJM and NYISO MOP R Proceedings. PJM and NYISO capac ity markets include a Minimum Offer Price Rule (MOPR). If a
resource is subjected to a MOPR, its offer is adjusted to effectively remove the revenues it receives through a government-provided
financial support program  - resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. Prior to December 19, 2019, the MOPR
in PJM applied only to certain new gas-fired resources. Currently , the MOPR in NYISO continu es to apply to certain new gas-fired
resources.
In January 2017 and May 2018, EPSA  filed pleadings at FERC that generally allege that the NYISO and PJM MOPRs should be
expanded to apply to existing resources including those receiving ZEC compensation under the New Jersey ZEC (Salem), New York
CES (FitzPatrick, Ginna and Nine Mile Point) and Illinois ZES (Quad Cities) programs. For Generation’ s facilities in PJM and NYISO
that are currently receiving ZEC compensation, an expanded MOPR would require exclusion of ZEC compensation when bidding
into future capacity auctions, resulting in an increased risk of these facilities not receiving capacity revenues in future auctions.
Exelon filed protests at FERC in response to each filing, arguing generally that ZEC paym ents provide compensation for an
environmental attribute and are no different than other renewable support programs that have generally not been subject to a
MOPR.
On December 19, 2019, FERC issued an order in the PJM MOPR proceeding that broadly applie s the MOPR to all new and existing
resources including nuclear, renewables, demand response, energy efficiency , storage and all resources owned by vertically-
integrated utilities, greatly expanding the breadth and scope of PJM’ s MOPR, effective as of PJM’ s next capacity auction, the timing
of which cannot be predicted at this time. FERC directed PJM to make a compliance filing within  90 days. FERC has no deadline for
acting on PJM’ s compliance filing. While FERC included some limited exemptions (generally available to existing renewable, energy
efficiency , demand response, storage and existing vertically-integrated utility resources) in its order , no exemptions were available to
state-supported nuclear resources. In addition, FERC provided no new mechanism for accommodating state-supported resources
other than the existing FRR mechanism under which an entire utility zone would be removed from PJM’ s capacity auction along with
sufficient resources to support the load in such zone. Unless Illinois and New Jersey can imple ment an FRR program in their PJM
zones, the MOPR will apply to Generation's owned or jointly owned nuclear plants in those states receiving a benefit under the
Illinois ZES or the New Jersey ZEC program, as applicable, resulting in higher offers for those units that may not clear the capacity
market.
On January 21, 2020, Exelon, PJM and a number of other entities submitted individual requests for rehearing of FERC’ s December
19, 2019 order on the PJM MOPR. FERC routinely extends the deadline by which it must addres s requests for rehearing. FERC has
not yet acted, and has no deadline by which it must act, in the NYISO proceeding.
Exelon is currently work ing with PJM and other stakeholders to pursue the FRR option prior to the next capacity auction in PJM. If
Illinois imple ments the FRR option, Generation’ s Illinois nuclear plants could be removed from PJM’ s capacity auction and instead
supply capacity and be compensated under the FRR program, which has the potential to mitigate the current economic distress
being experienced by Generation's nuclear plants in Illinois, as discussed in Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements . Imple menting the
FRR program in Illinois will require both legislative
250
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
and regulato ry changes. Legislation may be introduced in New Jersey as well. Exelon cannot predict whether such legislative and
regulatory changes can be implemented prior to the next capacity auction in PJM.
If Generation’ s state-supported nuclear plants in PJM or NYISO are subjected to the MOPR without compensation under an FRR or
similar program, it could have a material adverse impact on Exelon's and Generation's financial statements.
Operating License Renewals
Conowingo Hydroelectric Project . On August 29, 2012, Generation submitted a hydroelectric license application to FERC for a
new license for the Conowingo Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo). In connection with Generatio n’s efforts to obtain a water quality
certification pursuant to Section 401 of the Clean Water Act (401 Certification) from MDE for Conowingo, Generation has been
working with MDE and other stakeholders to resolve water quality licensing issues, including: (1) water quality , (2) fish habitat, and
(3) sediment.
On April 21, 2016, Generation and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior executed a settlement
agreement (DOI Settlement) resolving all fish passage issues between the parties.
On April 27, 2018, MDE issued its 401 Certification for Conowingo. As issued, the 401 Certifica tion contains numerous conditions,
including those relating to reduction of nutrien ts from upstream sources, removal of all visible trash and debris from upstream
sources, and implementation of measures relatin g to fish passage, which could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s financial statements through an increase in capital expenditures and operating costs if implemented. On May 25, 2018,
Generation filed complai nts in federal and state court, along with a petition for reconsideration with MDE, alleging that the conditions
are unfair and onerous and in violation of MDE regulations and state, federal, and constitutional law. Generation also requested that
FERC defer  the issuance of the federal license  while these significant state and federal law issues are pending. On February 28,
2019, Generation filed a Petition for Declaratory  Order with FERC requesting that FERC issue an order declaring that MDE waived
its right to issue a 401 Certification for Conowin go because it failed to timely act on Conowingo’ s 401 Certification application and
requesting that FERC decline to include the conditions required by MDE in April 2018.
On October 29, 2019, Generation and MDE filed with FERC a Joint Offer of Settlement (Offer of Settlement) that would resolve all
outstanding issues relating to the 401 Certification. Pursuant to the Offer of Settlement, the parties submitted Proposed License
Articles to FERC to be incorporated by FERC into the new license in accordance with FERC’ s discretionary authority under the
Federal Power Act. Among the Proposed License Articles are modifications to river flows to improve aquatic habitat, eel passage
improvements and initiatives to support rare, threatened and endangered wildlife. If FERC approves the Offer of Settlement and
incorporates the Proposed License Articles into the new license without modification, then MDE would waive its rights to issue a 401
Certification and Generation would agree, pursuant to a separate agreement with MDE (MDE Settlement), to implement additional
environmental protection, mitigation and enhancement measures over the anticipated 50-year term of the new license. These
measures address mussel restoration and other ecological and water quality matters, among other commitments. Exelon’ s
commitments under the various provisions of the Offer of Settlement and MDE Settlement are not effective unless and until FERC
approves the Of fer of Settlement and issues the new license with the Proposed License Articles.
The financial impact of the DOI and MDE Settlements and other anticipated license commitments are estimated to be $11 million  to
$14 million  per year, on average, recognized over the new license term, including capital and operating costs. The actual timing and
amount of the majority of these costs are not currently fixed and will vary from year to year throughout the life of the new license.
Generation cannot currently predict when FERC  will issue the new license. As of December 31, 2019 , $42 millio n of direct costs
associated with Conowingo licensing efforts have been capitalized. Generation's current depreciation provision for Conowingo
assumes renewal of the FERC license.
Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. On July 10, 2018, Generation submitted a second 20-year license renewal application with the NRC
for Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. Generation anticipates the second license renewal in the first half of 2020. Peach Bottom Units 2
and 3 are currently licensed to operate through 2033 and 2034, respectively . See Note 7 – Property , Plant and Equipment  for
additional information regarding the estimated useful life and depreciation provisions for Peach Bottom.
PJM T ransmission Rate Design . Refer to Other Federal Regulatory Matters above for additional information.
251
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an
amount that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue
include competitive sales of power , natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary
sources of revenue include regulated electric  and gas tariff sales, distribution and transmission services. The performance
obligations, revenue recognition and payment terms associated with these sources of revenue are further discussed in the table
below . There  are no significant financing components for these sources of revenue and no variable consideration for regulated
electric and gas tarif f sales and regulated transmission services unless noted below .
Unless otherwise noted, for each of the significant revenue categories and related performance obligations described below , the
Registrants have the right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value transferred to the
customer for the performance completed to date. Therefore, the Registrant's generally recogniz e revenue in the amount for which
they have the right to invoice the customer . As a result, there are generally no significant judgmen ts used in determining or allocating
the transaction price.
252
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Revenue Source Description Performance ObligationTiming of Revenue
Recognition Payment Terms
Competitive Power
Sales (Exelon and
Generation)Sales of power and other
energy-related commodities to
wholesale and retail customers
across multiple geographic
regions through its customer-
facing business, Constellation.Various including the delivery
of power (generally delivered
over time) and other energy-
related commodities such as
capacity (generally delivered
over time), ZECs, RECs or
other ancillary services
(generally delivered at a
point in time).Concurrently as power
is generated for
bundled power sale
contracts. (a)Within the month
following delivery
to the customer .
Competitive Natural
Gas Sales (Exelon
and Generation)Sales of natural gas on a full
requirement basis or for an
agreed upon volume to
commercial and residential
customers.Delivery of natural gas to the
customer .Over time as the natural
gas is delivered and
consumed by the
customer .Within the month
following delivery
to the customer .
Other Competitive
Products and Services
(Exelon and
Generation)Sales of other energy-related
products and services such as
long-term construction and
installation of energy ef ficiency
assets and new power
generating facilities, primarily to
commercial and industrial
customers.Construction and/or
installation of the asset for
the customer .Revenues, and
associated costs, are
recognized throughout
the contract term using
an input method to
measure progress
towards completion.(b)Within 30 or 45
days from the
invoice date.
Regulated Electric and
Gas Tariff Sales
(Exelon and the Utility
Registrants)Sales of electricity and
electricity distribution services
(the Utility Registrants) and
natural gas and gas distribution
services (PECO, BGE and
DPL) to residential, commercial,
industrial and governmental
customers through regulated
tariff rates approved by state
regulatory commissions.Delivery of electricity and/or
natural gas.Over time (each day) as
the electricity and/or
natural gas is delivered
to customers. Tariff
sales are generally
considered daily
contracts as customers
can discontinue service
at any time. (c)Within the month
following delivery
of the electricity or
natural gas to the
customer .
Regulated
Transmission Services
(Exelon and the Utility
Registrants)The Utility Registrants provide
open access to their
transmission facilities to PJM,
which directs and controls the
operation of these transmission
facilities and accordingly
compensates the Utility
Registrants pursuant to filed
tariffs at cost-based rates
approved by FERC.Various including (i) Network
Integration Transmission
Services (NITS), (ii)
scheduling, system control
and dispatch services, and
(iii) access to the wholesale
grid.Over time utilizing
output methods to
measure progress
towards completion. (d)Paid weekly by
PJM.
__________
(a)Certain contracts may contain limits on the total amount of revenue Exelon and Generation are able to collect over the entire term of the
contract. In such cases, Exelon and Generation estimate the total consideration expected to be received over the term of the contract net of the
constraint and allocate the expected consideration to the performance obligations in the contract such that revenue is recognized ratably over
the term of the entire contract as the performance obligations are satisfied.
(b)The method recognizes revenue based on the various inputs used to satisfy the performance obligation, such as costs incurred and total labor
hours expended. The total amount of revenue that will be recognized is based on the agreed upon contractually-stated amount. The average
contract term for these projects is approximately 18 months.
(c)Electric and natural gas utility customers have the choice to purchase electricity or natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural
gas suppliers. While the Utility Registrants are required under state legislation to bill their customers
253
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
for the supply and distribution of electricity and/or natural gas, they recognize revenue related only to the distribution services when customers
purchase their electricity or natural gas from competitive suppliers.
(d)Passage of time is used for NITS and access to the wholesale grid and MWHs of energy transported over the wholesale grid is used for
scheduling, system control and dispatch services.
Generation incurs incremental costs in order to execute certain retail power and gas sales contracts. These costs, which primarily
relate to retail broker fees and sales commissions, are capitalized when incurred as contract acquisition costs and were immaterial
as of Decem ber 31, 2019 and 2018. The Utility Registrants do not incur any material costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with
customers.
Contract Balances (All Registrants)
Contract Assets and Liabilities
Generation records contract assets for the revenue recognized on the construction and installation of energy efficiency assets and
new power generating facilities before Generation has an unconditional right to bill for and receive the consideration from the
customer . These contract assets are subseque ntly reclassified to receivables when the right to payment becomes unconditional.
Generation records contract assets and contract receivables within Other current assets and Accounts receivable, net - Customer ,
respectively , within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Generation records contract liabilities when cons ideration is received or due prior to the satisfaction of the performance obligations.
These contra ct liabilities  primarily relate to upfront consideration received or due for equipment service plans, solar panel leases and
the Illinois ZEC program that introduces a cap on the total consideration to be received by Generation. The Generation contract
liability related to the Illinois ZEC program includes certain amounts with ComEd that are eliminated in consolidation in Exelon’ s
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generation records contract liabilities within Other
current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The following table provides a rollforward of the contract assets and liabilities reflected in Exelo n's and Generation's Consolidated
Balance Sheets from January 1, 2018  to December 31, 2019 :
 Contract Assets Contract Liabilities
 Exelon Generation Exelon  Generation
Balance as of January 1, 2018 $ 283 $ 283 $ 35 $ 35
Consideration received or due (146) (146) 179  465
Revenues recognized 50 50 (187) (458)
Balance at December 31, 2018 187 187 27 42
Consideration received or due (143) (143) 94 287
Revenues recognized 130 130 (88) (258)
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ 174 $ 174 $ 33 $ 71
The Utility Registrants do not have any contract  assets. The Utility Registrants also record contract liabilities when consideration is
received prior to the satisfaction of the perform ance obligations. As of December 31, 2019  and December 31, 2018 , the Utility
Registrants' contract liabilities were immaterial.
Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations (All Registrants)
The followin g table shows the amounts of future revenues expected to be recorded in each year for performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2019 . This disclosure only includes contracts for which the total consideration
is fixed and determinable at contract inception. The average contract term varies by customer type and commodity but ranges from
one month to several years.
This disclosu re excludes Generation’ s power and gas sales contracts as they contain variable volumes and/or variable pricing. This
disclosure also excludes the Utility Registrants’  gas and electric tariff sales contracts and trans mission revenue contracts as they
generally have an original expected duration of one year or less and, therefore, do not contain any future, unsatisfied performance
obligations to be included in this disclosure.
254
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 2020  2021  2022 20232024 and
thereafter Total
Exelon $ 400  $ 141  $ 65 $ 45 $ 199 $ 850
Generation 501  196  80 45 199 1,021
Revenue Disaggregation (All Registrants)
The Registrants disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See Note Note 5 — Segment Information  for the
presentation of the Registrant's revenue disaggregation.
5. Segment Information  (All Registrants)
Operating segments for each of the Registrants are determined based on information used by the CODM in deciding how to
evaluate performance and allocate resources at each of the Registrants.
Exelon has eleven  reportable segments, which include Generati on's five reportable segments consisting of the Mid-Atlantic,
Midwest, New York, ERC OT and all other power regions referred to collectively as “Other Power Regions” and ComEd, PECO, BGE,
and PHI's three  repor table segments consisting of Pepco, DPL, and ACE. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE each
represent a single reportable segment, and as such, no separate segment information is provided for these Registrants. Exelon,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE's CODMs evaluate the performance of and allocate  resources to ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  and ACE based on net income.
The basis for Generation's reportable segments  is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different
geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize multiple supply
sources to provide elect ricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). Generation's hedging strategies and risk
metrics are also aligned  to these same geographic regions. Descriptions of each of Generation ’s five reportable segments are as
follows:
•Mid-Atlantic represents operations in the eastern half of PJM, which includes New Jersey , Maryland, Virginia, West
Virginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia and parts of Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
•Midwest  represents operations in the western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO, excluding MISO’ s
Southern Region.
•New York represents operations within NYISO.
•ERCOT  represents operations within Electric Reliability Council of Texas.
•Other Power Regions:
•New England  represents operations within ISO-NE.
•South  represents operations in the FRCC, MISO’ s Southern Region, the remaining portions of the SERC not included
within MISO or PJM.
•West represents operations in the WECC, including California ISO.
•Canada represents operations across the entire country  of Canada and includes AESO, OIESO and the Canadian
portion of MISO.
The CODMs for Exelon and Generation evaluate the performance of Generation’ s electric business activities and allocate resources
based on RNF. Generation believes that RNF is a useful measurement of operational performance. RNF is not a presentation
defined under GAAP  and may not be comparable to other companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP
information provided elsewhere in this report. Generation’ s operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to
the Utility Registrants. Purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including
capacity , energy and ancillary services. Fuel expense includes the fuel costs for Generation’ s owned generation and fuel costs
associated with tolling agreements. The results of Generation's other business activities are not regularly reviewed by the CODM
and are therefore not classified as operating segments or included in the regional reportable segment
255
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
amounts. These activities include natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to
Generation's overall operating revenues or results of operations. Further , Generation’ s unrealize d mark-to-market gains and losses
on economic hedging activities and its amortization of certain intangible assets and liabilities relating to commodity contracts
recorded at fair value from mergers and acquisi tions are also excluded from the regional reportable segment amounts. Exelon and
Generation do not use a measure of total assets in making decisions regarding allocating resourc es to or assessing the performance
of these reportable segments.
During the first quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our New England region, Generation changed the way that
information is reviewed by the CODM. The New England region is no longer regularly reviewed as a separate region by the CODM
nor is it presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. Informat ion for the New England region is
reviewed by the CODM as part of Other Power Regions. Exelon and Generation retrospectively applied this change.
An analysis and reconciliation of the Registrants’  reportable segment information to the respective information in the consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018 , and 2017  is as follows:
        
Generation (a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI Other (b)Intersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Operating revenues(c):       
2019        
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 16,285$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,165)$15,120
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,148 — — — — — (1) 2,147
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 491 — — — — — (4) 487
Rate-regulated
electric revenues — 5,747 2,490 2,379 4,626 — (47) 15,195
Rate-regulated
natural gas revenues — — 610 727 167 — (15) 1,489
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 13 1,921 (1,934) —
Total operating
revenues $ 18,924$ 5,747$3,100$3,106 $ 4,806$1,921 $ (3,166)$34,438
256
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
        
Generation (a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI Other (b)Intersegment
Eliminations Exelon
2018        
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 17,411$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,256)$16,155
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,718 — — — — — (8) 2,710
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 308 — — — — — (5) 303
Rate-regulated
electric revenues — 5,882 2,470 2,428 4,602 — (45) 15,337
Rate-regulated
natural gas revenues — — 568 741 181 — (20) 1,470
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 15 1,948 (1,960) 3
Total operating
revenues $ 20,437$ 5,882$3,038$3,169 $ 4,798$1,948 $ (3,294)$35,978
2017        
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 15,332$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,105)$14,227
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,575 — — — — — — 2,575
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 593 — — — — — (1) 592
Rate-regulated
electric revenues — 5,536 2,375 2,489 4,462 — (29) 14,833
Rate-regulated
natural gas revenues — — 495 687 161 — (10) 1,333
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 49 1,831 (1,880) —
Total operating
revenues $ 18,500$ 5,536$2,870$3,176 $ 4,672$1,831 $ (3,025)$33,560
        
Intersegment
revenues(d):        
2019 $ 1,172$ 30$ 6$ 26 $ 14$1,913 $ (3,159)$ 2
2018 1,269 27 8 29 15 1,942 (3,289) 1
2017 1,110 15 7 16 50 1,824 (3,020) 2
Depreciation and
amortization:        
2019 $ 1,535$ 1,033$ 333$ 502 $ 754$ 95 $ — $ 4,252
2018 1,797 940 301 483 740 92 — 4,353
2017 1,457 850 286 473 675 87 — 3,828
257
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
         
Generation (a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI Other (b)Intersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Operating expenses (c):        
2019 $ 17,628 $ 4,580$2,388 $2,574$ 4,084$1,996 $ (3,154) $30,096
2018 19,510 4,741 2,452 2,696 4,156 1,929 (3,341) 32,143
2017 18,001 4,214 2,215 2,562 3,911 1,742 (3,026) 29,619
Interest expense, net:        
2019 $ 429 $ 359$ 136 $ 121$ 263$ 308 $ — $ 1,616
2018 432 347 129 106 261 279 — 1,554
2017 440 361 126 105 245 283 — 1,560
Income (loss) before
income taxes:         
2019 $ 1,917 $ 851$ 593 $ 439$ 514$ (327) $ (2) $ 3,985
2018 365 832 466 387 425 (249) (1) 2,225
2017 1,455 984 538 525 571 (296) (2) 3,775
Income taxes:         
2019 $ 516 $ 163$ 65 $ 79$ 38$ (87) $ — $ 774
2018 (108) 168 6 74 33 (55) — 118
2017 (1,376) 417 104 218 217 294 — (126)
Net income (loss):         
2019 $ 1,217 $ 688$ 528 $ 360$ 477$ (240) $ (2) $ 3,028
2018 443 664 460 313 393 (193) (1) 2,079
2017 2,798 567 434 307 355 (590) (2) 3,869
Capital expenditures:         
2019 $ 1,845 $ 1,915$ 939 $1,145$ 1,355$ 49 $ — $ 7,248
2018 2,242 2,126 849 959 1,375 43 — 7,594
2017 2,259 2,250 732 882 1,396 65 — 7,584
Total assets:         
2019 $ 48,995 $32,765$11,469 $10,634$ 22,719$8,484 $ (10,089) $124,977
2018 47,556 31,213 10,642 9,716 21,952 8,355 (9,800) 119,634
__________
(a)See Note 24 — Related Party Transactions for additional information on intersegment revenues.
(b)Other primarily includes Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and investment activities.
(c)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(d)Intersegment revenues exclude sales to unconsolidated affiliates. The intersegment profit associated with Generation’s sale of certain products
and services by and between Exelon’s segments is not eliminated in consolidation due to the recognition of intersegment profit in accordance
with regulatory authoritative guidance. For Exelon, these amounts are included in Operating revenues in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
258
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
PHI:
 Pepco  DPL  ACE Other(b) Intersegment
Eliminations  PHI
Operating revenues(a):        
2019        
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,260 $ 1,139 $ 1,240$ — $ (13) $4,626
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 167 — — — 167
Shared service and other revenues — — — 396 (383) 13
Total operating revenues $ 2,260 $ 1,306 $ 1,240$ 396 $ (396) $4,806
2018        
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,232 $ 1,151 $ 1,236$ — $ (17) $4,602
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 181 — — — 181
Shared service and other revenues — — — 435 (420) 15
Total operating revenues $ 2,232 $ 1,332 $ 1,236$ 435 $ (437) $4,798
2017        
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,151 $ 1,139 $ 1,186$ — $ (14) $4,462
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 161 — — — 161
Shared service and other revenues — — — 52 (3) 49
Total operating revenues $ 2,151 $ 1,300 $ 1,186$ 52 $ (17) $4,672
Intersegment revenues:        
2019 $ 5 $ 7 $ 3$ 396 $ (397) $ 14
2018 6 8 3 435 (437) 15
2017 6 8 2 53 (19) 50
Depreciation and amortization:        
2019 $ 374 $ 184 $ 157$ 39 $ — $ 754
2018 385 182 136 37 — $ 740
2017 321 167 146 42 (1) $ 675
Operating expenses:       
2019 $ 1,899 $ 1,089 $ 1,089$ 403 $ (396) $4,084
2018 1,919 1,143 1,087 442 (435) $4,156
2017 1,760 1,071 1,029 68 (17) $3,911
Interest expense, net:       
2019 $ 133 $ 61 $ 58$ 10 $ 1 $ 263
2018 128 58 64 11 — $ 261
2017 121 51 61 13 (1) $ 245
Income (loss) before income taxes:       
2019 $ 259 $ 169 $ 99$ 476 $ (489) $ 514
2018 216 142 87 388 (408) $ 425
2017 303 192 103 377 (404) $ 571
Income taxes:       
2019 $ 16 $ 22 $ — $ (1) $ 1 $ 38
2018 11 22 12 (10) (2) $ 33
2017 105 71 26 15 — $ 217
259
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
 Pepco  DPL  ACE  Other(b) Intersegment
Eliminations PHI
Net income (loss):     
2019 $ 243 $ 147 $ 99 $ (26) $ 14 $ 477
2018 205 120 75 (22) 15 $ 393
2017 198 121 77 (91) 50 $ 355
Capital expenditures:     
2019 $ 626 $ 348 $ 375 $ 6 $ — $1,355
2018 656 364 335 20 — $1,375
2017 628 428 312 28 — 1,396
Total assets:      
2019 $ 8,661 $ 4,830 $ 3,933 $11,105 $ (5,810)$22,719
2018 8,267 4,588 3,699 10,819 (5,421) 21,952
__________
(a)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(b)Other primarily includes PHI’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and investment activities.
260
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
The following tables disaggregate the Registrants' revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how
the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. For Generation, the
disaggregation of revenues reflects Generation's two primary products of power sales and natural gas sales, with further
disaggregation of power sales provided by geographic region. For the Utility Registrants, the disaggregation of revenues reflects the
two primary utility services of rate-regulated electric sales and rate-regulated natural gas sales (where applicable), with further
disaggregation of these tariff sales provided by major customer groups. Exelon's disaggreg ated revenues are consistent with
Generation and the Utility Registrants but exclude any intercompany revenues.
Competitive Business Revenues (Generation):
 2019
 Revenues from external customers(a)    
 Contracts with
customers  Other(b) TotalIntersegment
Revenues  Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,053 $ 17 $ 5,070 $ 4 $ 5,074
Midwest 4,095 232 4,327 (34) 4,293
New York 1,571 25 1,596 — 1,596
ERCOT 768 229 997 16 1,013
Other Power Regions 3,687 608 4,295 (49) 4,246
Total Competitive Businesses Electric
Revenues 15,174 1,111 16,285 (63) 16,222
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas
Revenues 1,446 702 2,148 62 2,210
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues(c)440  51 491 1 492
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues 17,060 1,864 $ 18,924 $ — $ 18,924
 2018
 Revenues from external customers(a)   
 Contracts with
customers  Other(b) TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,241  $ 233 $ 5,474 $ 13 $ 5,487
Midwest 4,527  190 4,717 (11) 4,706
New York 1,723  (36) 1,687 — 1,687
ERCOT 572  560 1,132 1 1,133
Other Power Regions 3,530  871 4,401 (66) 4,335
Total Competitive Businesses Electric
Revenues 15,593  1,818 17,411 (63) 17,348
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas
Revenues 1,524  1,194 2,718 62 2,780
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues(c)510  (202) 308 1 309
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 17,627  $ 2,810 $ 20,437 $ — $ 20,437
261
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
 2017
 Revenues from external customers(a)   
 Contracts with
customers  Other(b) TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,523  $ (8)$ 5,515 $ 25 $ 5,540
Midwest 3,923  283 4,206 (25) 4,181
New York 1,605  (38) 1,567 (17) 1,550
ERCOT 641  317 958 4 962
Other Power Regions 2,658  428 3,086 (35) 3,051
Total Competitive Businesses Electric
Revenues 14,350  982 15,332 (48) 15,284
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas
Revenues 1,658  917 2,575 53 2,628
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues(c)744  (151) 593 (5) 588
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 16,752  $ 1,748 $ 18,500 $ — $ 18,500
__________
(a)Includes all wholesale and retail electric sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Includes revenues from derivatives and leases.
(c)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Includes a $38 million decrease to
revenues for the amortization of intangible assets and liabilities related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value in 2017, unrealized mark-
to-market losses of $4 million, $262 million, and $131 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, and elimination of intersegment revenues.
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense (Generation):
 2019  2018 2017
 RNF from
external
customers(a)Intersegment
RNF  Total
RNF  RNF from
external
customers(a)Intersegment
RNF  Total
RNFRNF from
external
customers(a) Intersegment
RNF  Total
RNF
Mid-Atlantic $ 2,637$ 18 $2,655 $ 3,022$ 51 $3,073$ 3,105$ 109 $3,214
Midwest 2,994 (32) 2,962 3,112 23 3,135 2,810 10 2,820
New York 1,081 13 1,094 1,112 10 1,122 1,007 1 1,008
ERCOT 338 (30) 308 501 (243) 258 575 (243) 332
Other Power
Regions 694 (74) 620 883 (154) 729 1,014 (195) 819
Total Revenues
net of
purchased power
and fuel for
Reportable
Segments $ 7,744$ (105) $7,639 $ 8,630$ (313) $8,317$ 8,511$ (318) $8,193
Other (b) 324 105 429 114 313 427 299 318 617
Total Generation
Revenues net of
purchased power
and fuel expense$ 8,068$ — $8,068 $ 8,744$ — $8,744$ 8,810$ — $8,810
__________ 
(a)Includes purchases and sales from/to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Includes a $54 million decrease in
RNF for the amortization of intangible assets and liabilities related to commodity contracts in 2017, unrealized mark-to-market losses of $215
million, $319 million, and $175 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the
announced early plant retirements as discussed in Note 6 - Early Plant Retirements of $13 million, $57 million and $12 million in 2019, 2018,
and 2017, respectively, and the elimination of intersegment RNF.
262
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Electric and Gas Revenue by Customer Class (Utility Registrants):
 2019
        
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO  BGE PHI  Pepco DPL  ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues        
Residential $ 2,916 $ 1,596 $ 1,326$ 2,316 $ 1,012 $ 645 $ 659
Small commercial & industrial 1,463 404 254 505 149 186 170
Large commercial & industrial 540 219 436 1,112 833 99 180
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 29 27 61 34 14 13
Other(a)888 249 321 650 227 204 218
Total rate-regulated electric revenues(b)5,854 2,497 2,364 4,644 2,255 1,148 1,240
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues        
Residential — 409 474 96 — 96 —
Small commercial & industrial — 169 77 44 — 45 —
Large commercial & industrial — 1 132 5 — 5 —
Transportation — 25 — 14 — 14 —
Other(c)— 6 31 7 — 7 —
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(d)— 610 714 166 — 167 —
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers 5,854 3,107 3,078 4,810 2,255 1,315 1,240
        
Other revenues        
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs (133) (21) 12 (14) (3) (11) —
Other rate-regulated electric revenues(e)26 13 12 10 8 2 —
Other rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(e)— 1 4 — — — —
Total other revenues (107) (7) 28 (4) 5 (9) —
Total rate-regulated revenues for
reportable segments $ 5,747 $ 3,100 $ 3,106$ 4,806 $ 2,260 $ 1,306 $ 1,240
263
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
 2018
        
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO  BGE PHI  Pepco DPL  ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues        
Residential $ 2,942 $ 1,566 $ 1,382 $ 2,351 $ 1,021 $ 669 $ 661
Small commercial & industrial 1,487 404 257 488 140 186 162
Large commercial & industrial 538 223 429 1,124 846 100 178
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 28 28 58 32 14 12
Other(a) 867 243 327 593 193 175 227
Total rate-regulated electric revenues(b)5,881 2,464 2,423 4,614 2,232 1,144 1,240
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues        
Residential — 395 491 99 — 99 —
Small commercial & industrial — 143 77 44 — 44 —
Large commercial & industrial — 1 124 8 — 8 —
Transportation — 23 — 16 — 16 —
Other(c) — 6 63 13 — 13 —
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(d) — 568 755 180 — 180 —
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers 5,881 3,032 3,178 4,794 2,232 1,324 1,240
        
Other revenues        
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs (29) (7) (26) (7) (7) 4 (4)
Other rate-regulated electric revenues(e)30 12 13 10 7 3 —
Other rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(e) — 1 4 1 — 1 —
Total other revenues 1 6 (9) 4 — 8 (4)
Total rate-regulated revenues for
reportable segments $ 5,882 $ 3,038 $ 3,169 $ 4,798 $ 2,232 $ 1,332 $ 1,236
264
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2017
Revenues from contracts with
customers ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues        
Residential $ 2,715 $ 1,505$ 1,365 $ 2,246$ 964 $ 663 $ 619
Small commercial & industrial 1,363 401 254 490 137 187 166
Large commercial & industrial 455 223 427 1,086 794 103  189
Public authorities & electric railroads 44 30 31 60 33 14 13
Other(a) 886 204 299 541 199 163 191
Total rate-regulated electric revenues(b)5,463 2,363 2,376 4,423 2,127 1,130 1,178
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues        
Residential — 331 437 90 — 90 —
Small commercial & industrial — 131 75 38 — 38 —
Large commercial & industrial — 1 119 8 — 8 —
Transportation — 23 — 15 — 15 —
Other(c) — 8 28 9 — 9 —
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(d) — 494 659 160 — 160 —
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers 5,463 2,857 3,035 4,583 2,127 1,290 1,178
       
Other revenues        
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs 43 — 124 33 19 6 8
Other rate-regulated electric
revenues(e)30 12 13 8 5 3 —
Other rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(e)— 1 4 1 — 1 —
Other revenues(f)— — — 47 — — —
Total other revenues 73 13 141 89 24 10 8
Total rate-regulated revenues for
reportable segments $ 5,536 $ 2,870$ 3,176 $ 4,672$ 2,151 $ 1,300 $ 1,186
__________
(a)Includes revenues from transmission revenue from PJM, wholesale electric revenue and mutual assistance revenue.
(b)Includes operating revenues from affiliates of $30 million, $5 million, $8 million, $14 million, $5 million, $7 million and $3 million at ComEd,
PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively, in 2019, $27 million, $7 million, $8 million, $15 million, $6 million, $8 million and $3 million
at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, in 2018, and $15 million, $6 million, $5 million, $3 million, $6 million, $8 million and $2
million at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively, in 2017.
(c)Includes revenues from off-system natural gas sales.
(d)Includes operating revenues from affiliates of $1 million and $18 million at PECO and BGE, respectively, in 2019, $1 million and $21 million at
PECO and BGE, respectively, in 2018, and $1 million and $11 million at PECO and BGE, respectively, in 2017.
(e)Includes late payment charge revenues.
(f)Includes operating revenues from affiliates of $47 million at PHI in 2017.
6. Early Plant Retirements  (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation continuously evaluate factors that affect the current and expected economic value of Generation’ s plants,
including, but not limited  to: market power prices, results of capacity auctions, potential legislativ e and regulatory solutions to ensure
plants are fairly compensated for benefits they provide through their carbon-free emissions, reliability , or fuel security , and the impact
of potential rules from the EPA requiring reduction of carbon and other emissions and the efforts of states to implement those final
rules. The precise timing of an early retirement date for any plant, and the resulting financial statement impacts, may be affected by
many factors,
265
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements
including the status of potential regulatory or legislative solutions, results of any transmission system reliability study assessments,
the nature of any co-owner requirements and stipulations, and NDT fund requirements for nuclear plants, among other factors.
However , the earliest retirement date for any plant would usually be the first year in which the unit does not have capacity or other
obligations, and where applicable, just prior to its next scheduled nuclear refueling outage.
Nuclear Generation
In 2015 and 2016, Generation identified the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear plants in Illinois, Ginna and Nine Mile Point nuclear
plants in New York and Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania as having the greatest risk of early retirement based on
economic valuation and other factors. In 2017, PSEG made public similar financial challenges facing its New Jersey nuclear plants,
including Salem, of which Generation owns a 42.59 % ownership interest. PSEG is the operator of Salem and also has the decision-
making authority to retire Salem.
Assuming the continued effectiveness of the Illinois ZES, New Jersey ZEC program and the New York CES, Generation and CENG,
through its ownership of Ginna and Nine Mile Point, no longer consider Clinton, Quad Cities, Salem, Ginna or Nine Mile Point to be
at heightened risk for early retirement. However , to the extent the Illinois ZES, New Jersey ZEC program or the New York CES do
not operate as expected  over their full terms, each of these plants could again be at heightened risk for early retirement, which could
have a material impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements. In addition, FERC’s December 19, 2019 order on
the MOPR in PJM may undermine the continued effectiveness of the Illinois ZES and the New Jersey ZEC program unless Illinois
and New Jersey implement an FRR mechanism under which the Generation plants in these states would be removed from PJM’ s
capacity auction. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  for additional informatio n on the Illinois ZES, New Jersey ZEC program, New
York CES and FERC's December 19, 2019 order .
In Pennsylvania, the TMI nuclear plant did not clear in the May 2017 PJM capacity auction for the 2020-2021 planning year, the third
consecutive year that TMI failed to clear the PJM base residual capacity auction and on May 30, 2017, based on these capacity
auction results, prolonged periods of low wholes ale power prices, and the absence of federal or state policies that place a value on
nuclear energy for its ability to produce electri city without air pollution, Generation announce d that it would permanently cease
generation operations at TMI. On September 20, 2019, Generation permanently ceased generation operations at TMI.
On February  2, 2018, Generation announced that it would permanently cease generation operations at the Oyster Creek nuclear
plant at the end of its current operating cycle and permanently ceased generation operations on September 17, 2018.
266
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements
As a result of these early nuclear plant retirement decisions, Exelon and Generation recognized incremental non-cash charges to
earnings stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets
(including any ARC) and accelerated amortizatio n of nuclear fuel, as well as operating and maintenance expenses. The total annual
impact of these charges by year are summarized in the table below .
Income statement expense (pre-tax) 2019(a) 2018(b) 2017(c)
Depreciation and Amortization    
Accelerated depreciation $ 216 $ 539 $ 250
Accelerated nuclear fuel amortization 13 57 12
Operating and Maintenance(d)(53) 32 77
Total $ 176 $ 628 $ 339
_________
(a)Reflects incremental charges for TMI from January 1, 2019 through September 20, 2019.
(b)Reflects incremental charges for TMI in 2018 and Oyster Creek from February 2, 2018 through September 17, 2018.
(c)Reflects incremental charges for TMI from May 30, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
(d)In 2019, primarily reflects the net impacts associated with the remeasurements of the TMI ARO in the first and third quarters. In 2018 and 2017,
primarily reflects materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee related costs and CWIP impairments associated with the early
retirement decisions for TMI and Oyster Creek. Excludes the charges in the third quarter of 2018 and second quarter of 2019 for the ARO
remeasurement due to the sale of Oyster Creek. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 9 — Asset Retirement
Obligations for additional information.
Generation’ s Dresden, Byron, and Braidwood nuclear plants in Illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, which
could lead to an early retirement, in a market that does not currently compensate them for their unique contribution to grid resiliency
and their ability to produce large amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. The May 2018 PJM capacity auction for the
2021-2022 planning year resulted in the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in the auction, including all of Dresden,
and portions  of Byron and Braidwood. Exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state policy  solutions, while also advocating for
broader market reforms at the regional and federal level.
Other Generation
On March 29, 2018, Generation notified grid operator ISO-NE of its plans to early retire Mystic Units 8 and 9 absent regulatory
reforms on June 1, 2022, at the end of the then-current capacity commitment for Mystic Units 7 and 8. Mystic Unit 9 was then
committed through May 2021.
On May 16, 2018, Generation made a filing with FERC to establish cost-of-service compensation and terms and conditions of
service for Mystic Units 8 and 9 for the period between June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2024. On December 20, 2018, FERC issued an order
accepting the cost of service compensation, reflecting a number of adjustments to the annual fixed revenue requirement and
allowing for recovery of a substantial portion of the costs associated with the Everett Marine Terminal. Those adjustments were
reflected in a compliance filing filed on March 1, 2019. In the December 20, 2018 order , FERC also directed a paper hearing on ROE
using a new methodolog y. On January 22, 2019, Exelon and several other parties filed request s for rehearing of certain findings in
the order .
On March 25, 2019, ISO-NE filed the Inventorie d Energy Program, which is intended to provide an interim fuel security program
pending conclusion of the stakeholder process to develop a long-term, market-based solution to address fuel security . The
Inventoried Energy Program went into effect on August 5, 2019. On October 7, 2019, requests for rehearing were denied and
several parties have appealed to the D.C. Circuit Court. FERC ordered ISO-NE to file long-term,  market-based fuel security rules by
October 15, 2019; FERC has granted an extension to April 15, 2020.
The following table provides the balance sheet amounts as of December 31, 2019  for Exelon's and Generation’ s significant assets
and liabilities associated with the Mystic Units 8 and 9 and Everett Marine Terminal assets that would potentially be impacted by the
failure to adopt long-term solutions for reliability and fuel security .
267
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements
  December 31, 2019
Asset Balances   
Materials and supplies inventory  $ 31
Fuel inventory  11
Property , plant and equipment, net  902
Liability Balances   
Asset retirement obligation  (3)
To ensure the continued reliable supply of fuel to Mystic Units 8 and 9 while they remain operati ng, on October 1, 2018, Generation
acquired the Everett Marine Terminal in Massachusetts for a purchase price of $81 millio n, with the majority of the fair value
allocated to Property , plant and equipment and no goodwill recorded.  Generation also settle d its existing long-term gas supply
agreement, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $75 million, which is included within Purchased power and fuel expense in Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
See Note 11 — Asset Impairments  for impairment assessment considerations on the New England Asset Group.
268
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Property , Plant and Equipment
7. Property , Plant and Equipment  (All Registrants)
The following tables present a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
Asset Category Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019         
Electric—transmission and
distribution $56,809$ — $27,566$8,957$8,326 $13,809$9,734 $4,464 $4,207
Electric—generation 29,839 29,839 — — — — — — —
Gas—transportation and
distribution 6,147 — — 2,899 2,999 525 — 690 —
Common—electric and
gas 1,907 — — 877 991 146 — 160 —
Nuclear fuel(a)5,656 5,656 — — — — — — —
Construction work in
progress 3,055 702 662 250 483 921 628 125 166
Other property, plant and
equipment(b)799 13 47 27 25 108 64 21 27
Total property, plant
and equipment 104,212 36,210 28,275 13,010 12,824 15,509 10,426 5,460 4,400
Less: accumulated
depreciation(c)23,979 12,017 5,168 3,718 3,834 1,213 3,517 1,425 1,210
Property, plant and
equipment, net $80,233$ 24,193$23,107$9,292$8,990 $14,296$6,909 $4,035 $3,190
December 31, 2018         
Electric—transmission and
distribution $53,090$ — $25,991$8,359$7,951 $12,664$9,217 $4,195 $3,866
Electric—generation 29,170 29,170 — — — — — — —
Gas—transportation and
distribution 5,530 — — 2,694 2,630 486 — 651 —
Common—electric and
gas 1,627 — — 756 860 126 — 136 —
Nuclear fuel(a)5,957 5,957 — — — — — — —
Construction work in
progress 3,377 997 705 343 410 912 536 151 209
Other property, plant and
equipment(b) 858 63 46 19 25 99 61 17 28
Total property, plant
and equipment 99,609 36,187 26,742 12,171 11,876 14,287 9,814 5,150 4,103
Less: accumulated
depreciation(c) 22,902 12,206 4,684 3,561 3,633 841 3,354 1,329 1,137
Property, plant and
equipment, net $76,707$ 23,981$22,058$8,610$8,243 $13,446$6,460 $3,821 $2,966
__________
(a)Includes nuclear fuel that is in the fabrication and installation phase of $1,025 million and $1,004 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively.
(b)Primarily composed of land and non-utility property.
(c)Includes accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel in the reactor core at Generation of $2,867 million and $2,969 million as of December 31,
2019 and 2018, respectively.
269
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Property , Plant and Equipment
The following table presents the average service life for each asset category in number of years:
 Average Service Life (years)
Asset Category Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric - transmission and distribution 5-80 N/A 5-80 5-65 5-75 5-75 5-75 5-70 5-65
Electric - generation 1-56 1-56 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas - transportation and distribution 5-80 N/A N/A 5-70 5-80 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Common - electric and gas 4-75 N/A N/A 5-50 4-50 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Nuclear fuel 1-8 1-8 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Other property, plant and equipment 1-50 1-10 34-50 50 20-50 3-50 33-50 8-50 13-15
Depreciation provisions are based on the estim ated useful lives of the stations, which reflect the first renewal of the operating
licenses for all of Generation's operating nuclear generating stations except for Clinton and Peach Bottom. Clinton depreciation
provisions are based on an estimated useful life through 2027, which is the last year of the Illinois ZES. Peach Bottom depreciation
provisions are based on estimated useful life of 2053 and 2054 for Unit 2 and Unit 3, respectively , which reflects the anticipated
second renewal of its operating licenses. Beginning in 2017, TMI and Oyster Creek depreciat ion provisions were based on their
2019 expected shutdown dates. Beginning February 2018, Oyster Creek depreciation provisi ons were based on its announced
shutdown date of September 2018. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information regarding license renewals and the
Illinois ZECs and Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  for additional information on the impacts of early plant retirements.
The following table presents the annual depreciation rates for each asset category . Nuclear fuel amortization is charged to fuel
expense using the unit-of-production method and not included in the below table.
 Annual Depreciation Rates
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019      
Electric—transmission and
distribution 2.80% N/A 2.99% 2.36% 2.60% 2.77% 2.47% 2.86% 2.94%
Electric—generation 4.35% 4.35% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and
distribution 2.04% N/A N/A 1.89% 2.30% 1.55% N/A 1.55% N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.37% N/A N/A 6.06% 8.30% 8.25% N/A 6.24% N/A
      
December 31, 2018      
Electric—transmission and
distribution 2.73% N/A 2.95% 2.35% 2.61% 2.61% 2.40% 2.77% 2.45%
Electric—generation 5.37% 5.37% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and
distribution 2.07% N/A N/A 1.90% 2.36% 1.59% N/A 1.59% N/A
Common—electric and gas 6.98% N/A N/A 5.44% 8.50% 6.30% N/A 3.70% N/A
      
December 31, 2017      
Electric—transmission and
distribution 2.75% N/A 2.99% 2.37% 2.58% 2.63% 2.35% 2.75% 2.46%
Electric—generation 4.36% 4.36% N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and
distribution 2.10% N/A N/A 1.89% 2.33% 2.07% N/A 2.07% N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.05% N/A N/A 5.47% 8.64% 6.50% N/A 4.14% N/A
270
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Property , Plant and Equipment
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC (All Registrants)
The following table summarizes capitalized interest and credits to AFUDC by year:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019         
Capitalized interest $ 24$ 24$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
AFUDC debt and equity 132 — 32 17 29 54 39 6 9
          
December 31, 2018         
Capitalized interest $ 31$ 31$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
AFUDC debt and equity 109 — 30 12 24 44 34 4 4
          
December 31, 2017         
Capitalized interest $ 63$ 63$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
AFUDC debt and equity 108 — 20 12 22 54 34 10 9
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  for additional informatio n regarding property , plant and equipment policies. See Note
16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  for additional information regarding Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s and PECO’ s property , plant and
equipment subject to mortgage liens.
8. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant  (Exelon, Generation, PECO, DPL  and ACE)
Exelon's, Generation's, PECO's, DPL's and ACE's material undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and
transmission facilities at December 31, 2019  and 2018  were as follows:
 Nuclear Generation  Transmission
 Quad Cities  Peach
Bottom Salem  Nine Mile Point
Unit 2  NJ/DE(a)
Operator Generation  GenerationPSEG
Nuclear  Generation  PSEG/DPL
Ownership interest 75.00 % 50.00 % 42.59 % 82.00 % various
Exelon’s share at December 31, 2019:       
Plant in service $ 1,161  $ 1,466 $ 663  $ 951  $ 102
Accumulated depreciation 627  571 249  156  53
Construction work in progress 13  21 53  27  —
Exelon’s share at December 31, 2018:       
Plant in service $ 1,131  $ 1,451 $ 648  $ 910  $ 103
Accumulated depreciation 587  523 227  126  53
Construction work in progress 13  15 44  56  —
__________
(a)PECO, DPL and ACE own a 42.55%, 1% and 13.9% share, respectively in 151.3 miles of 500kV lines located in New Jersey and of the Salem
generating plant substation. PECO, DPL and ACE also own a 42.55%, 7.45% and 7.45% share, respectively, in 2.5 miles of 500kV line located
over the Delaware River. ACE also has a 21.78% share in a 500kV New Freedom Switching substation.
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO's, DPL's and ACE's undivided ownership interests are financed with their funds and all operations are
accounted for as if such participating interests were wholly owned facilities. Exelon’ s, Generation ’s, PECO's, DPL's and ACE's share
of direct expenses of the jointly owned plants are included in Purchased power and fuel and Operating and maintenance expenses
in Exelon’ s and Gene ration’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and in Operating and
maintenance expenses in PECO's, PHI's, DPL's and ACE's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
271
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
9. Asset Retirement Obligations  (All Registrants)
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon and Generation)
Generation has a legal obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants following the expir ation of their operating licenses. To
estimate its decommissioning obligation related to its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes,
Generation uses a probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple outcome
scenarios that include significant estimates and assumptions, and are based on decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates,
probabilistic cash flow models and discount rates. Generation updates its ARO annually unless circumstances warrant more frequent
updates, based on its review of updated cost studies and its annual evaluation of cost escalatio n factors and probabilities assigned
to various scenarios. Generation began decommissioning the TMI nuclear plant upon permanently ceasing operations in 2019. See
below section for decommissioning of Zion Station.
The financial statement impact for changes in the ARO, on an individual unit basis, due to the changes in and timing of estimated
cash flows generally result in a corresponding change in the unit’s ARC within Property , plant and equipment on Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the ARO decreases for a Non-Regulatory Agreement unit without any remaining ARC,
the correspo nding change is recorded as decrease in Operating and maintenance expense  within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The following table provides a rollforward of the nuclear decommissioning ARO reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated
Balance Sheets, from January 1, 2018  to December 31, 2019 :
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at January 1, 2018 $ 9,662
Accretion expense 478
Net decrease due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows (77)
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (58)
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at December 31, 2018 (a) (b)10,005
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows
864
Sale of Oyster Creek (755)
Accretion Expense 479
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (89)
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at December 31, 2019 (a)$ 10,504
__________
(a)Includes $112 million and $22 million as the current portion of the ARO at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which is included in Other
current liabilities in Exelon’s and Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(b)Includes $772 million of ARO related to Oyster Creek which is classified as Liabilities held for sale in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
The net $864 million  increase in the ARO during 2019 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decommissioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year , some with of fsetting impacts. These adjustments primarily include:
•An increase of approximately $780 million  for changes in the assumed retirement timing probabilities for sites including
certain economically challenged nuclear plants and the extension of Peach Bottom’ s operating life; and
•An increase of approximately $490 million for other impacts that included updated cost escalation rates, primarily for labor ,
equipment and materials, and current discount rates; partially of fset by
•Lower estimated costs to decommission TMI, Nine Mile Point, Ginna, Braidwood, Byron and LaSalle nuclear units of
approximately $410 million  resulting from the completion of updated cost studies.
272
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
The 2019 ARO updates resulted in a decrease of $150 million  in Operating  and maintenance expense for the year ended December
31, 2019 within Exelon and Generation's Conso lidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 6—Early
Plant Retirements  for additional information regarding TMI and economically challenged nuclear plants and Note 3 - Regulatory
Matters regarding the Peach Bottom second license renewal.
The net $77 million decrease in the ARO during 2018 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decommissioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year , some with of fsetting impacts. These adjustments primarily include:
•A decrease of approxim ately $205 million  primarily due to lower estimated costs for the construction of interim spent fuel
storage at TMI and a net decrease in estimated costs to decommission Calvert Cliffs, FitzPa trick, Limerick, and Salem
nuclear units resulting from the completion of updated cost studies. There was also a decrease due to changes in
decommissioning scenarios and their probabilities. These decreases were partially of fset by
•An increase of approxim ately $115 million for the impact of the early retirement and the announced pending sale of Oyster
Creek which closed on July 1, 2019; and
•An increase of approxim ately $120 million  for estimated cost escalation rates, primarily for labor , energy and waste burial
costs.
See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note 6—Early Plant Retirements  for additional information regarding
Oyster Creek.
NDT Funds
NDT funds have been established for each generation station unit to satisfy Generation’ s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
Generally , NDT  funds established for a particular unit may not be used to fund the decommissioning obligations of any other unit.
The NDT funds associat ed with Generation's nuclear units have been funded with amounts collected from the previous owners and
their respective utility customers. PECO is authorized to collect funds, in revenues, for decomm issioning the former PECO nuclear
plants through regulated rates, and these collections are scheduled through the operating lives of the former PECO plants. The
amounts collected from PECO customers are remitted to Generation and deposited into the NDT funds for the unit for which funds
are collected. Every five years, PECO files a rate adjustment with the PAPUC that reflects PECO’s calculations of the estimated
amount need ed to decommission each of the former PECO units based on updated fund balances and estimated decommissioning
costs. The rate adjustme nt is used to determine the amount collectible from PECO customers. On March 31, 2017, PECO filed its
Nuclear Decommissioning Cost Adjustment with the PAPUC proposing an annual recovery from customers of approximately $4
million . This amoun t reflects a decrease from the previously approved annual collection of approximately $24 million  prima rily due to
the removal of the collections for Limerick Units 1 and 2 as a result of the NRC approving the extension of the operating licenses for
an additional 20 years. On August 8, 2017, the P APUC approved the filing and the new rates became ef fective January 1, 2018.
Any shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning, determined for each generating statio n unit, is ultimately required to be
funded by Generation, with the exception of a shortfall for the current decommissioning activities at Zion Station, where certain
decommissioning activities have been transferred to a third-party (see Zion Station Decommissioning below) and the CENG units,
where any shortfall is required to be funded by both Generation and EDF. Generation, throu gh PECO, has recourse to collect
additional amounts from PECO customers relate d to a shortfall of NDT funds for the former PECO units, subject to certain limitations
and threshol ds, as prescribed by an order from the PAPUC. Generally , PECO, and likewise Generation will not be allowed to collect
amounts associated with the first $50 million of any short fall of trust funds compared to decom missioning costs, as well as 5% of any
additional shortfalls, on an aggregate basis for all former PECO units. The initial $50 million  and up to 5% of any addit ional shortfalls
would be borne by Generation. No recourse exists to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of Generation's other
nuclear units . With respect to the former ComEd  and PECO units, any funds remaining in the NDTs after all decommissioning has
been comple ted are required to be refunded to ComEd’ s or PECO’ s customers, subject to certain limitations that allow sharing of
excess funds with Gene ration related to the former PECO units. With respect to Generation's other nuclear units, Generation retains
any funds remaining after decommissioning. However , in connection with CENG's acquisition  of the Nine Mile Point and Ginna
plants
273
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
and settlements with certain regulatory agencies, CENG is subject to certain conditions pertain ing to NDT funds that, if met, could
possibly result in obligations to make payments to certain third parties (clawbacks). For Nine Mile Point and Ginna, the clawback
provisions are triggered only in the event that the required decommissioning activities are discont inued or not started or completed in
a timely manner . In the event that the clawback  provisions are triggered for Nine Mile Point, then, depending upon the triggering
event, an amount equal  to 50% of the total amount withdrawn from the funds for non-decommissioning activities or 50% of any
excess funds in the trust funds above the amounts required for decommissioning (including spent fuel management and
decommissioning) is to be paid to the Nine Mile Point sellers. In the event that the clawback provisions are triggered for Ginna, then
an amount equal to any estimated cost savings realized by not completing any of the required decommissioning activities is to be
paid to the Ginna sellers. Generation expects to comply with applicable regulations and timely commence and complete all required
decommissioning activities.
At December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelon and Generation  had NDT funds totaling $13,353  million  and $12,695  million , respe ctively .
The NDT funds included  $890 million at December 31, 2018,  related to Oyster Creek NDT funds which were classified as Assets
held for sale in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for
additional information. The NDT funds include $163 million  and $144 million  for the curre nt portion of the NDT at December 31, 2019
and 2018 , respectivel y, which are included in Other current assets in Exelon's and Generation's Consolid ated Balance Sheets. See
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  for additional information on activities of the NDT  funds.
Accounting Implications of the Regulatory Agreements with ComEd and PECO
Based on the regulatory agreements with the ICC and PAPUC that dictate Generation’ s obligations related to the shortfall or excess
of NDT funds necessary  for decommissioning the former ComEd units on a unit-by-unit basis and the former PECO units in total,
decommissioning-related activities net of applicable taxes, including realized and unrealized gains and losses on the NDT funds and
accretion of the decommissioning obligation, are generally offset within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Compre hensive Income. For the former ComEd units, decommissioning-related  activities are generally offset within
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income as long as the NDT funds are
expected to exceed the total estimated decomm issioning obligation. For the former PECO units, decommissioning-related activities
are general ly offset within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
regardless of whether the NDT funds are expected to exceed or fall short of the total estimate d decommissioning obligation. The
offset of decommissionin g-related activities within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income results in
an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to affiliates at Generation. ComEd and PECO have recorded an equal noncurrent
affiliate receivable from Generation and corresponding regulatory liability .
Should the expected value of the NDT fund for any former ComEd unit fall below the amount of the expected decommissioning
obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Comprehensive Income and the adverse impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements could be material. As of December 31, 2019 , the NDT funds of each of the former ComEd units, except for Zion (see
Zion Station Decommissioning below), are expe cted to exceed the related decommissioning obligation for each of the units. For the
purposes of making this determination, the decommissioning obligation referred to is different, as described below , from the
calculation used in the NRC minimum funding obligation filings based on NRC guidelines.
Any changes to the PECO regulatory agreements could impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s ability to offset decommissioning-related
activities within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, and the impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
financial statements could be material.
The decomm issioning-related activities related to the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 24 — Related Party Transactions  for additional informati on regarding regulatory
liabilities at ComEd and PECO and intercompany balances between Generation, ComEd and PECO reflecting the obligation to
refund to customers any decommissioning-related assets in excess of the related decommissioning obligations.
274
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
Zion Station Decommissioning
In 2010, Generation completed an Asset Sale Agreement (ASA) under which ZionSolutions assumed responsibility for
decommissioning Zion Station and Generation transferred to ZionSolutions substantially all the Zion Station’ s assets, including the
related NDT funds. To reduce the risk of default by ZionSolutions, EnergySolutions has provided a $25 million  letter of credit to be
used to fund decommiss ioning costs in the event the NDT assets are insuf ficient. EnergySolutions and its parent company have also
provided a performance guarantee.
Following ZionSolutions' completion of its contractual obligations and transfer of the NRC license to Generation, Generation will
store the SNF at Zion Station until it is transferred to the DOE for ultimate disposal, and will comp lete all remaining decommissioning
activities associated with the SNF dry storage facility .
Generation had retained  its obligation for the SNF as well as certain NDT assets to fund its obligation to maintain the SNF at Zion
Station until transfer to the DOE and to complete all remaining decommissioning activities for the SNF storage facility . Any shortage
of funds necessary to maintain the SNF and decommission the SNF storage facility is ultimately required to be funded by
Generation. Any Zion Station NDT funds remaining after the completion of all decommissioning activities will be returned to ComEd
customers in accordance with the applicable orders.
NRC Minimum Funding Requirements
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in specified minimum amounts to decommission the facility at the end of its life. The estimat ed decommissioning obligations as
calculated using the NRC methodology differ from the ARO recorded in Generation’ s and Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets
primarily due to differen ces in the type of costs included in the estimates, the basis for estim ating such costs, and assumptions
regarding the decommissioning alternatives to be used, potential license renewals, decommissioning cost escalation, and the growth
rate in the NDT funds. Under NRC regulations, if the minimum funding requirements calculated under the NRC methodology are less
than the future value of the NDT funds, also calculated under the NRC methodology , then the NRC requires either further funding or
other financial guarantees.
Key assumptions used in the minimum funding calculation using the NRC methodology at December 31, 2019  include:
(1) considera tion of costs only for the removal of radiological contamination at each unit; (2) the option on a unit-by-unit basis to use
generic, non-site specific  cost estimates; (3) consideration of only one decommissioning scenario for each unit; (4) the plants cease
operation at the end of their current license lives (with no assumed license renewals for those units that have not already received
renewals); (5) the assum ption of current nominal dollar cost estimates that are neither escalate d through the anticipated period of
decommissioning, nor discounted using the CAR FR; and (6) assumed annual after-tax returns on the NDT funds of 2% (3% for the
former PECO units, as specified by the P APUC).
In contrast, the key criteria and assumptions used by Generation to determine the ARO and to forecast the target growth in the NDT
funds at December 31, 2019  include: (1) the use of site specific cost estimates that are updated at least once every five years; (2)
the inclusio n in the ARO estimate of all legally unavoidable costs required to decommission the unit (e.g., radiological
decommissioning and full site restoration for certain units, on-site spent fuel maintenance and storage subsequent to ceasing
operations and until DOE acceptance, and disposal of certain low-level radioactive waste); (3) the consideration of multiple
scenarios where decommissioning and site restoration activities, as applicable, are completed under possible scenarios ranging
from 10 to 70 years after the cessa tion of plant operations; (4) the consideration of multiple end of life scenarios; (5) the
measurement of the obligation at the present value of the future estimated costs and an annual average accretion of the ARO of
approximately 5% through a period of approximately 30 years after the end of the extended lives of the units; and (6) an estimated
targeted annual pre-tax return on the NDT funds  of 5.4% to 6.5% (as compared to a histo rical 5-year annual average pre-tax return
of approximately 6.7%).
Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired or are within five
years of the current approved license life), based on values as of December 31, addressing Generation’ s ability to meet the NRC
minimum funding levels. Depending on the value of the trust funds, Generation may be require d to take steps, such as providing
financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making addition al contributions to the trusts, which
could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that NRC minimum funding requirements are met. As a
result, Exelon’ s and Generation’ s cash flows and financial positions may be significantly adversely af fected.
275
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
Generation filed its bienn ial decommissioning funding status report with the NRC on April 1, 2019  for all units except for Zion Station
which is included in a separate report to the NRC submitted by ZionSolutions, LLC. The status report demonstrated adequate
decommissioning fundin g assurance as of December 31, 2018 for all units except for Clinton  and Peach Bottom Unit 1. As of
February 28, 2019, Clinton demonstrated adequate minimum funding assurance due to marke t recovery and no further action is
required. This demonstration was also included  in the April 1, 2019 submittal. As a former PECO plant, financial assurance for
decommissioning Peach  Bottom Unit 1 is provi ded by the NDT fund, collections from PECO ratepayers and the ability to adjust
those collec tions in accordance with the approved PAPUC tariff. No additional actions are required aside from the PAPUC filing in
accordance with the tarif f. See NDT  Funds section above for additional information.
Generation will file its next annual decommissioning funding status report with the NRC by March 31, 2020 for shutdown reactors,
reactors within five years of shutdown except for Zion Station which is included in a separate report to the NRC submitted by
EnergySolutions (see Zion Station Decommis sioning above). This report will reflect the status of decommissioning funding
assurance as of December 31, 2019 and will include an update for the retirement of TMI in 2019. A shortfall at any unit could
necessitate that Exelon post a parental guarantee for Generation's share of the funding assurance. However , the amount of any
required guarantee will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach adopted, the associated level of costs, and the
decommissioning trust fund investment performance going forward.
As the future values of trust funds change due to market conditions, the NRC minimum funding status of Generation’ s units will
change. In addition, if changes occur to the regulatory agreement with the PAPUC that currently allows amounts to be collected from
PECO custo mers for decommissioning the former PECO units, the NRC minimum funding status of those plants could change at
subsequent NRC filing dates.
Non-Nuclear Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Generation has AROs for plant closure costs associated with its fossil and renewable generating facilities, including asbestos
abatement, removal of certain storage tanks, restoring leased land to the condition it was in prior to construction of renewable
generating stations and other decommissioning-related activities. The Utility Registrants have AROs primarily associated with the
abatement and disposal  of equipment and buildings contaminated with asbestos and PCBs. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies  for additional information on the Registrants’  accounting policy for AROs. 
The following table provides a rollforward of the non-nuclear AROs reflected in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets from
January 1, 2018  to December 31, 2019 :
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Non-nuclear AROs at January 1, 2018 $384  $ 197 $113 $27 $24 $16 $ 3 $10 $ 3
Net increase due to changes in, and
timing of, estimated future cash
flows(a)80 35 7 — 2 36 34 1 1
Accretion expense(b)16 10 4 1 1 — — — —
Asset divestitures (3) (3) — — — — — — —
Payments (6) (1) (3) — (2) — — — —
Non-nuclear AROs at December 31,
2018 471  238 121 28 25 52 37 11 4
Net (decrease) increase due to
changes in, and timing of, estimated
future cash flows 17 7 8 — (2) 4 3 1 —
Development projects 2 2 — — — — — — —
Accretion expense(b)16 12 1 1 1 1 1 — —
Asset divestitures (42) (42) — — — — — — —
Payments (4) (1) (1) (1) (1) — — — —
Non-nuclear AROs at December 31,
2019 $460  $ 216 $129 $28 $23 $57 $ 41 $12 $ 4
276
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations
__________
(a)In 2018, Pepco recorded an increase of $22 million in Operating and maintenance expense primarily related to asbestos identified at its Buzzard
Point property as part of an annual ARO study. Buzzard Point is a waterfront property in the District of Columbia occupied by an active
substation and former Pepco operated steam plant building, which Pepco retired and closed in 1981.
(b)For ComEd and PECO, the majority of the accretion is recorded as an increase to a regulatory asset due to the associated regulatory treatment.
10. Leases  (All Registrants)
Lessee
The Registrants have operating leases for which they are the lessees. The following tables outline the significant types of operating
lease at each registrant and other terms and conditions of the lease agreements. The Registrants do not have material finance
leases.
 Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Contracted generation ●  ●        
Real estate ●  ● ●  ● ●  ● ●  ● ●
Vehicles and equipment ●  ● ●  ● ●  ● ●  ● ●
(in years) Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms1-86 1-36 1-5 1-14 1-86 1-12 1-12 1-12 1-6
Options to extend the
term 3-30 3-30 5 N/A N/A 3-30 5 3-30 N/A
Options to terminate
within 1-13 1 3 N/A 2 N/A N/A N/A N/A
The components of lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2019  were as follows:
 Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Operating lease costs$ 320 $ 222 $ 3 $ 1$ 33$ 48$ 12$ 14 $ 7
Variable lease costs300 282 2 — 2 6 2 2 1
Short-term lease costs19 19 — — — — — — —
Total lease costs (a)$ 639 $ 523 $ 5 $ 1$ 35$ 54$ 14$ 16 $ 8
__________
(a)Excludes $51 million, $44 million, $7 million and $7 million of sublease income recorded at Exelon, Generation, PHI and DPL.
The following table presents the Registrants' rental expense under the prior lease account ing guidance for the years ended
December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Exelon  Generation(a) ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
2018$ 670$ 558 $ 7 $ 10 $ 35 $ 48 $ 10$ 13 $ 8
2017709 578 9 9 32 63 11 16 14
__________
(a)Includes contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements that are not included in the minimum future
operating lease payments above. Payments made under Generation's contracted generation lease agreements totaled $493 million and $508
million during 2018 and 2017, respectively.
277
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
The following table provides additional information regarding the presentation of operating ROU assets and lease liabilities within the
Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 :
 Exelon(a) Generation(a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Operating lease ROU assets        
Other deferred debits and other assets$1,305 $ 895$ 9$ 2$77 $273 $ 56$63 $18
        
Operating lease liabilities        
Other current liabilities 225 157 3 — 32 31 6 9 4
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities1,307 925 8 1 50 254 51 65 14
Total operating lease liabilities $1,532 $ 1,082$ 11$ 1$82 $285 $ 57$74 $18
__________
(a)Exelon's and Generation's operating ROU assets and lease liabilities include $515 million and $664 million, respectively, related to contracted
generation.
The weighte d average remaining lease terms, in years, and discount rates for operating leases  as of December 31, 2019  were as
follows:
 Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Remaining lease term10.1 10.6 4.6 4.4 5.4 9.0 9.8 9.7 4.7
Discount rate4.6% 4.8% 3.0% 3.2% 3.6% 4.2% 4.0% 4.0% 3.6%
Future minimum lease payments for operating leases as of December 31, 2019  were as follows:
Year Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2020$ 287$ 203$ 3 $ — $ 34$ 42 $ 8$ 11$ 5
2021243 162 4 1 31 41 8 11 4
2022177 113 2 — 16 38 8 10 4
2023145 100 1 — 1 37 7 9 3
2024140 97 1 — — 35 5 9 2
Remaining years976 741 1 — 18 153 34 41 2
Total1,968 1,416 12 1 100 346 70 91 20
Interest436 334 1 — 18 61 13 17 2
Total operating lease
liabilities $1,532$ 1,082$ 11 $ 1$ 82$ 285 $ 57$ 74$ 18
278
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
Future minimum lease payments for operating leases under the prior lease accounting guidance as of December 31, 2018  were as
follows:
 Exelon(a)(b) Generation(a)(b) ComEd(a)(c) PECO(a)(c) BGE(a)(c)(d)(e) PHI(a) Pepco(a) DPL(a)(c) ACE(a)
2019$ 140 $ 33$ 7$ 5$ 35 $ 48 $ 11 $ 14$ 7
2020149 46 5 5 35 46 10 13 6
2021143 46 4 5 33 43 9 12 5
2022126 47 4 5 18 42 8 12 5
202397 46 3 5 3 39 8 10 4
Remaining
years 723 545 — — 19 159 40 35 5
Total minimum
future lease
payments $ 1,378 $ 763$ 23$ 25$ 143 $ 377 $ 86 $ 96$ 32
__________
(a)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(b)Excludes Generation’s contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation.
(c)Amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. As a result, ComEd, PECO, BGE
and DPL have excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. ComEd's, PECO’s, BGE’s and
DPL's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2019 - 2023, was $3 million, $5 million, $1 million and $1
million respectively. Also includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)Includes all future lease payments on a 99-year real estate lease that expires in 2106.
(e)The BGE column above includes minimum future lease payments associated with a 6-year lease for the Baltimore City conduit system that
became effective during the fourth quarter of 2016. BGE's total commitments under the lease agreement are $26 million, $28 million, $28 million
and $14 million related to years 2019 - 2022, respectively.
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2019  were as follows:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO  BGE PHI  Pepco  DPL ACE
Operating cash flows
from operating leases$ 287$ 206$ 3$ — $ 33$ 37 $ 9 $ 6$ 5
ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations for the year ended December 31, 2019  were as follows:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI  Pepco  DPL  ACE
Operating leases $ 52$ 14$ 6$ — $ 2 $ (3) $ (1) $ (2) $ (1)
Lessor
The Registrants have operating leases for which they are the lessors. The following tables outline the significant types of leases at
each registrant and other terms and conditions of their lease agreements.
 Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Contracted generation ●  ●        
Real estate ●  ● ●  ● ●  ● ●  ● ●
(in years) Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms1-83 1-32 1-17 1-83 23 1-13 1-6 12-13 1-2
Options to extend the
term 1-79 1-5 5-79 5-50 N/A 5 N/A N/A N/A
279
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Leases
The components of lease income for the year ended December 31, 2019  were as follows:
 Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Operating lease income$ 54 $ 47 $ — $ — $ — $ 5 $ — $ 4$ —
Variable lease income$ 261 $ 258 $ — $ — $ — $ 3 $ — $ 3$ —
Future minimum lease payments to be recovered under operating leases as of December 31, 2019  were as follows:
Year Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2020$ 51$ 46$ — $ — $ — $ 4$ — $ 3$ —
202151 45 — — — 4 1 3 —
202250 45 — — — 4 — 3 —
202349 44 — — — 5 — 4 —
202448 44 — — — 4 — 4 —
Remaining years265 226 1 3 1 34 — 34 —
Total$ 514$ 450$ 1 $ 3 $ 1$ 55$ 1 $ 51$ —
11. Asset Impairments  (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
The Registrants evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indic ators of impairment may include a
deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, specific regulatory
disallowance, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life. The Registrants determine if long-
lived assets or asset groups are impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value. When the
undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is
determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value
analysis is primarily base d on the income approach using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) including revenue and generation
forecasts, projected capital and maintenance expenditures and discount rates. A variation in the assumptions used could lead to a
different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could potentially result in material future
impairments of the Registrant's long-lived assets.
Equity Method Investments in Certain Distributed Energy Companies (Exelon and Generation)
In the third quarter of 2019, Generation’ s equity method investments in certain distributed energy  companies were fully impaired due
to an other-than-tempor ary decline in market conditions and underperforming projects. Exelon and Generation recorded a pre-tax
impairment charge of $164 million in Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates and an offsetting pre-tax $96 million in Net incom e
attributable to noncontrolling interests in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. As a result,
Generation accelerated the amortization of investment tax credits associated with these comp anies and Exelon and Generation
recorded a benefit of $46 million  in Income taxes. The impairment charge and the accelerated amortization of investment tax credits
resulted in a net $15 million  decrease to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s earnings. See Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities  for additiona l
information.
Antelope V alley Solar Facility (Exelon and Generation)
Generation’ s Antelope Valley, a 242 MW solar facility in Lancaster , CA, sells all of its output to PG&E through a PPA. As of
December 31, 2019 , Generation had approximately $725 million  of net long-lived assets related to Antelope Valley. As a result of the
PG&E bankruptcy filing in the first quarter of 2019, Generation completed a comprehensive review of Antelope Valley's estimated
undiscounted future cash flows and no impairme nt charge was recorded. Significant changes in assumptions such as the likelihood
of the PPA being rejecte d as part of the bankruptcy proceedings could potentially result in future impairments of Antelope Valley’ s net
long-lived assets, which could be material.
Antelope Valley is a wholly owned indirect subsi diary of EGR IV, which had approximately $1,893  million  of additional net long-lived
assets as of December 31, 2019 . EGR  IV is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation and includes Generation's
interest in EGRP  and other projects with non-controlling interests. To date, there have been no indicators to suggest that the carrying
amount of other net long-lived assets of EGR IV may not be recoverable.
Generation will continue to monitor the bankruptcy proceedings for any changes in circumstances that may indicate the carrying
amount of the net long-lived assets of Antelope V alley or other long-lived assets of EGR IV may not be recoverable.
See Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  for additional information on the PG&E bankruptcy .
New England Asset Group (Exelon and Generation)
During the first quarter of 2018, Mystic Unit 9 did not clear in the ISO-NE capacity auction for the 2021 - 2022 planning year. On
March 29, 2018, Generation notified ISO-NE of the early retirement of its Mystic Generating Station's Units 7, 8, 9 and the Mystic Jet
Unit (Mystic Generating Station assets) absen t regulatory reforms. These events suggested that the carrying value of its New
England asset group may be impaired. Generation completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows of the New England asset group and no impairment charge was required. Further developments such as the failure of ISO-NE
to adopt long-term soluti ons for reliability and fuel security could potentially result in material future impairments of the New England
asset group. See Note 6 — Early Plant Retirements  for additional information.
District of Columbia Sponsorship (Exelon and PHI)
In the third quarter of 2015, PHI entered into a sponsorship agreement with the District of Columbia for future sponsorship rights
associated with public property within the Distric t of Columbia, which Exelon and PHI had recorded as a finite-lived intangible asset
as of Decem ber 31, 2016. The specific sponsorship rights were to be determined through future negotiations. In the fourth quarter of
2017, based upon the lack of available sponsorship opportunities at that time, the asset was written off and a pre-tax impairment
charge of $25 million was recorded within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and PHI's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
ExGen T exas Power (Exelon and Generation)
On May 2, 2017, EGTP  entered into a consent agreement with its lenders to initiate the sale of the assets of its wholly owned
subsidiaries. As a result, Exelon and Generation classified certain of EGTP's assets and liabilities as held for sale at their respective
fair values less costs to sell and recorded a pre-tax impairment charge in 2017 of $460 million  within Operating and maintenance
expense in their Consoli dated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. On Nove mber 7, 2017, EGTP  and its wholly
owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United  States Code in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware and, as a result, Exelon and Generation deconsolidated EGTP's assets and liabilities
from their consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information.
12. Intangible Assets  (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE)
Goodwill
The following table prese nts the gross amount of goodwill, accumulated impairment loss and carrying amount of goodwill of Exelon,
ComEd and PHI as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 . There were  no additions, impairments or measurement period adjustments
during the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 .
 Gross amount Accumulated
impairment loss Carrying amount
Exelon $ 8,660  $ 1,983  $ 6,677
ComEd(a)4,608  1,983  2,625
PHI(b)4,005  — 4,005
__________
(a)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2000 from the PECO/Unicom merger (predecessor parent company of ComEd).
(b)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2016 from the PHI merger.
Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an assessment for impairment at least annually , or more frequently if events occur or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of ComEd's and PHI's reporting units below their carrying
amounts. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level
at which goodwill is tested for impairment. A component of an operating segment is a reporting  unit if the component constitutes a
business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment
management. ComEd has a single operating segment. PHI's operating segments are Pepco, DPL and ACE. See Note 5 — Segment
Information  for additional information. There is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are regularly
reviewed by segment management. Therefore, the ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE operating segments are also considered reporting
units for goodwill impair ment testing purposes. Exelon's and ComEd's $2.6 billion of goodwill has been assigned entirely to the
ComEd reporting unit, while Exelon's and PHI's $4.0 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting
units in the amounts of $2.1 billion , $1.4 billion  and $0.5 billion , respectively .
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments
280
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 12 — Intangible Assets
performed. If an entity bypasses the qualitative assessment, a quantitative two-step, fair value-ba sed test is performed. The first step
compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed. The second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and
liabilities using purchase price allocation authoritative guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill.
Application of the good will impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's
and ACE's businesses and the fair value of debt.  In applying the second step, if needed, management must estimate the fair value of
specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
2019  and 2018  Goodwill Impairment Assessment. ComEd and PHI qualita tively determined that it was more likely than not that
the fair values of their reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, did not perform quantitative assessments as of
November 1, 2019 and 2018 for ComEd and as of November 1, 2019 for PHI. The last quantitative assessments performed were as
of November 1, 2016 for ComEd and November 1, 2018 for PHI.
PHI performed a quantitative test for its 2018 annual goodwill impairment assessment as of November 1, 2018. The first step of the
test comparing the estimated fair values of the Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill,
indicated no impairments of goodwill; therefore, no second step was required.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly
sensitive to changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions  could potentially result in future impairments
of Exelon's, ComEd's and PHI’s goodwill, which could be material. Based on the results of the last quantitative goodwill test
performed, the estimated fair values of the Com Ed, Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting units would have needed to decrease by more
than 30%, 30%, 20% and 30%, respectively , for ComEd and PHI to fail the first step of their respective impairment tests.
Other Intangible Assets and Liabilities
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, ComEd’ s and PHI's other intangible assets and liabilities, included in Unamortized energy contract assets
and liabilitie s and Other deferred debits and other assets in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, consisted of the following as of
December 31, 2019  and 2018 . The intangible assets and liabilities shown below are amortized on a straight line basis, except for
unamortized energy contracts which are amortized in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows:
 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018
 GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net
Generation   
Unamortized Energy Contracts 1,967 (1,612 ) 355 1,957 (1,588 ) 369
Customer Relationships 343 (190) 153 325 (162) 163
Trade Name 243 (193) 50 243 (171) 72
ComEd   
Chicago Settlement Agreements 162 (155) 7 162 (148) 14
PHI   
Unamortized Energy Contracts (1,515 ) 1,073 (442) (1,515 ) 954 (561)
Exelon Corporate     
Software License 95 (44) 51 95 (34) 61
Exelon $1,295 $ (1,121 )$ 174 $1,267 $ (1,149 )$ 118
281
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 12 — Intangible Assets
The following table summarizes the amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities for each of the years ended
December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 :
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon (a)(b) Generation (a) ComEd PHI(b)
2019 $ (28) $ 74 $ 7$ (119)
2018 (109) 63 7 (188)
2017 (237) 83 7 (336)
__________
(a)At Exelon and Generation, amortization of unamortized energy contracts totaling $21 million, $14 million and $35 million for the years ended
December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, was recorded in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense in their
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(b)At Exelon and PHI, amortization of the unamortized energy contract fair value adjustment amounts and the corresponding offsetting regulatory
asset and liability amounts are amortized through Purchased power and fuel expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2019 :
For the Years Ending December 31, Exelon  Generation ComEd PHI
2020 $ (13) $ 85 $ 7$ (115)
2021 2 84 — (92)
2022 (21) 58 — (89)
2023 (18) 53 — (81)
2024 22 50 — (38)
Renewable Energy Credits (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s RECs are included in Other current assets and Other deferred debits and other assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchased RECs are recorded at cost on the date they are purchased. The cost of RECs purchased
on a stand-alone basis is based on the transaction price, while the cost of RECs acquired through PPAs represents the difference
between the total contract price and the market price of energy at contract inception. Generally , revenue for RECs that are sold to a
counterparty under a contract that specifically identifies a power plant is recognized at a point in time when the power is produced.
This includes both bund led and unbundled REC  sales. Otherwise, the revenue is recognized upon physical transfer of the REC to
the customer .
The following table presents the current and noncurrent Renewable Energy Credits as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 As of December 31, 2019  As of December 31, 2018
 Exelon Generation  Exelon  Generation
Current REC's 345 336  279  270
Noncurrent REC's 86 86 52 52
282
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
13. Income T axes  (All Registrants)
Components of Income T ax Expense or Benefit
Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations is comprised of the following components:
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2019
  Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:          
Federal          
Current $ 85 $ 147 $ 59 $ 45 $(51) $ 43 $ 16 $ 29 $ (3)
Deferred 489 346 15 20 95 (34) (6) (21) (6)
Investment tax credit
amortization (72) (69) (2) — — (1) — — —
State          
Current 5 10 (5) — — 3 — — —
Deferred 267 82 96 — 35 27 6 14 9
Total $ 774 $ 516 $163 $ 65 $ 79 $ 38 $ 16 $ 22 $ —
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
  Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:         
Federal         
Current $ 226 $ 337  $(63) $ 11 $ (5)$ (4)$ 28 $ (3) $ (14)
Deferred (99) (347) 145  10 47 23 (22) 13 18
Investment tax credit
amortization (24) (21) (2) — — (1) — — —
State         
Current (1) 6 (29) 1 — 7 — — —
Deferred 16 (83) 117  (16) 32 8 5 12 8
Total $ 118 $ (108) $168  $ 6 $ 74 $ 33 $ 11 $ 22 $ 12
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017
  Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:         
Federal         
Current $ 194  $ 584 $(191) $ 71 $ 74 $ (60) $(20)$(24) $ (12)
Deferred (470) (2,005 ) 523  28 101  251  115 82 34
Investment tax credit
amortization (25) (21) (2) — (1) (1) — — —
State         
Current 14 65 (49) 14 (5) (4) (2) — —
Deferred 161  1 136  (9) 49 31 12 13 4
Total $(126) $ (1,376 )$417  $104  $218  $ 217  $105 $ 71 $ 26
283
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
Rate Reconciliation
The ef fective income tax rate from continuing operations varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate principally due to the following:
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2019
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. Federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:             
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 5.4 3.8  8.5 —  6.4  4.7  2.0  6.8  7.0
Qualified NDT fund income 5.9 12.3  — —  —  —  —  —  —
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis difference (1.5) (3.0) (0.2) —  (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.2) (0.3)
Plant basis differences (1.4) —  — (7.2) (1.2) (1.2) (1.8) (0.4) (0.7)
Production tax credits and other
credits (3.1) (4.8) (1.2) —  (1.3) (0.2) (0.1) —  (0.1)
Noncontrolling interests (0.6) (1.2) — —  —  —  —  —  —
Excess deferred tax amortization (5.5) —  (9.7) (2.8) (6.8) (17.5) (15.1) (14.2) (27.0)
Other (0.8) (1.2) 0.8 —  —  0.8  0.3  —  0.1
Effective income tax rate 19.4 % 26.9 % 19.2 % 11.0 % 18.0 % 7.4 % 6.2 % 13.0 % — %
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. Federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:        
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 0.5 (16.6) 8.3  (2.6) 6.6  2.9  2.0  6.7  7.4
Qualified NDT fund income (1.9) (11.8) —  —  —  —  —  —  —
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis difference (1.2) (6.5) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) (0.4)
Plant basis differences (3.5) — (0.2) (14.1) (1.3) (1.6) (2.8) (0.3) (0.5)
Production tax credits and other
credits (2.2) (13.5) —  —  —  —  —  —  —
Noncontrolling interests (1.0) (6.1) —  —  —  —  —  —  —
Excess deferred tax amortization (8.3) — (9.1) (3.2) (8.0) (14.8) (15.3) (12.0) (14.9)
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 0.9 2.7 (0.1) —  —  0.1  —  —  —
Other 1.0 1.3 0.5  0.3  0.9  0.4  0.3  0.4  1.2
Effective income tax rate 5.3 % (29.5)% 20.2 % 1.3 % 19.1 % 7.8 % 5.1 % 15.5 % 13.8 %
284
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. Federal statutory rate 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:            
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 2.2  2.9  5.7  0.6  5.4  4.8 3.1  5.4 5.6
Qualified NDT fund income 3.8  9.9  —  —  —  — —  — —
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis difference (0.9) (2.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.2) (0.4)
Plant basis differences(a) (1.7) —  0.3  (13.8) 0.1  1.1 (0.4) 2.0 3.6
Production tax credits and other
credits (1.8) (4.7) —  —  —  — —  — —
Like-kind exchange (1.2) —  1.3  —  —  — —  — —
Merger expenses (3.6) (1.2) —  —  —  (9.6) (6.4) (7.8) (19.8)
FitzPatrick bargain purchase
gain (2.2) (5.6) —  —  —  — —  — —
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017(b) (33.1) (128.3 ) 0.1  (2.3) 0.9  6.4 2.8  2.5 1.6
Other 0.2  (0.5) 0.2  (0.1) 0.2  0.5 0.7  0.1 (0.4)
Effective income tax rate (3.3)% (94.6)% 42.4 % 19.3 % 41.5 % 38.0 % 34.7 % 37.0 % 25.2 %
__________
(a)Includes the charges related to the transmission-related income tax regulatory asset for Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE of
$35 million, $3 million, $5 million, $27 million, $14 million, $6 million and $7 million, respectively. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters for additional
information.
(b)As a result of TCJA, Generation recorded a net decrease to income tax expense, while the Utility Registrants recorded corresponding regulatory
liabilities or assets to the extent such amounts are probable of settlement or recovery through customer rates and an adjustment to income tax
expense for all other amounts.
285
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
Tax Differences and Carryforwards
The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards, which give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets
(liabilities), as of December 31, 2019  and 2018  are presented below:
 As of December 31, 2019
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences$(13,413 ) $ (2,814 )$(4,197 ) $(1,978 ) $(1,578 )$(2,681 ) $(1,204 )$(753) $ (687)
Accrual based contracts 61 (43) — — — 104  — — —
Derivatives and other
financial instruments 165  88 84 — — 2 — — —
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 1,504  (220) (270) (28) (28) (89) (75) (42) (10)
Nuclear
decommissioning
activities (503) (503) — — — — — — —
Deferred debt
refinancing costs 183  20 (7) — (3) 142  (3) (2) (1)
Regulatory assets and
liabilities (884) — 183  (169) 157 (10) 55 88 77
Tax loss carryforward 240  55 — 25 49 93 13 44 31
Tax credit carryforward 892  897 — — — — — — —
Investment in
partnerships (830) (808) — — — — — — —
Other, net 926  236 196  70 10 181  85 12 16
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(11,659 ) $ (3,092 )$(4,011 ) $(2,080 ) $(1,393 )$(2,258 )$(1,129 )$(653)$ (574)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (668) (648) (10) (1) (3) (7) (2) (2) (3)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and
unamortized investment tax
credits $(12,327 ) $ (3,740 )$(4,021 ) $(2,081 ) $(1,396 )$(2,265 )$(1,131 )$(655)$ (577)
286
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
 As of December 31, 2018
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences $(12,533 ) $ (2,495 )$ (4,059 )$(1,862 )$(1,399 ) $(2,577 )$(1,148 )$(743)$ (645)
Accrual based contracts 117  (44) — — — 161 — — —
Derivatives and other
financial instruments 89 35 69 — — 3 — — —
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 1,435  (188) (255) (26) (26) (102) (78) (46) (14)
Nuclear decommissioning
activities (351) (351) — — — — — — —
Deferred debt refinancing
costs 234  23 (7) — (3) 187 (4) (2) (1)
Regulatory assets and
liabilities (740) — 300 (129) 172  (81) 67 96 83
Tax loss carryforward 237  78 — 18 25 96 12 52 26
Tax credit carryforward 811  816 — — — — — — —
Investment in
partnerships (797) (775) — — — — — — —
Other, net 934  239 151 67 12 196 98 17 19
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(10,564 ) $ (2,662 )$ (3,801 )$(1,932 )$(1,219 )$(2,117 )$(1,053 )$(626)$ (532)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (724) (700) (12) (1) (3) (8) (2) (2) (3)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and
unamortized investment tax
credits $(11,288 ) $ (3,362 )$ (3,813 )$(1,933 )$(1,222 )$(2,125 )$(1,055 )$(628)$ (535)
The followin g table provides Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO’ s, BGE’ s, PHI’s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s and ACE’ s carryforwards, which are
presented on a post-apportioned basis, and any corresponding valuation allowances as of December 31, 2019 . Com Ed does not
have net operating losses or credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2019 .
 Exelon Generation PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Federal       
Federal general business credits
carryforwards(a)$891  $ 897 $— $— $ — $— $— $—
State       
State net operating losses 3,986  1,142 312 762 1,360  202  654 438
Deferred taxes on state tax attributes (net) 264  78 25 50 93 13 44 31
Valuation allowance on state tax attributes 26 24 — 1 — — — —
Year in which net operating loss or credit
carryforwards will begin to expire 2025  2029 2031 2026 2028  2028  2030 2031
__________
(a)Exelon's and Generation's federal general business credit carryforwards will begin expiring in 2034.
Tabular Reconciliation of Unrecognized T ax Benefits
The following table presents changes in unrecognized tax benefits, by Registrant.
287
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance at January 1, 2017 $916 $ 490  $(12)$ — $120 $ 172 $80 $37 $ 22
Increases based on tax positions
prior to 2017 28 — 14 — — 14 — — 14
Decreases based on tax
positions prior to 2017(a)(196) (17) — — — (61) (21) (16) (22)
Decrease from settlements with
taxing authorities (5) (5) — — — — — — —
Balance at December 31, 2017 743 468  2 — 120 125  59 21 14
Change to positions that only
affect timing 15 15 — — — — — — —
Increases based on tax positions
prior to 2018 30 21 — — — 8 7 1 —
Decreases based on tax
positions prior to 2018(b)(251) (36) — — (120) (88) (66) (22) —
Decrease from settlements with
taxing authorities (53) (53) — — — — — — —
Decreases from expiration of
statute of limitations (7) (7) — — — — — — —
Balance at December 31, 2018 477 408  2 — — 45 — — 14
Change to positions that only
affect timing 26 12 3 1 4 3 2 1 —
Increases based on tax positions
related to 2019 2 1 — — — — — — —
Increases based on tax positions
prior to 2019 34 19 3 2 3 — — — —
Decreases based on tax
positions prior to 2019 (3) (3) — — — — — — —
Decrease from settlements with
taxing authorities (29) 4 (2) — — — — — —
Balance at December 31, 2019 $507 $ 441  $ 6$ 3$ 7$ 48 $ 2$ 1$ 14
__________
(a)Exelon established a liability for an uncertain tax position associated with the tax deductibility of certain merger commitments incurred by Exelon
in connection with the acquisitions of Constellation and PHI. In 2017, as a part of its examination of Exelon's return, the IRS National Office
issued guidance concurring with Exelon's position that the merger commitments were deductible. As a result, Exelon, Generation, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE decreased their liability for unrecognized tax benefits by $146 million, $19 million, $59 million, $21 million, $16 million and $22
million, respectively, resulting in a benefit to Income taxes on Exelon's, Generation's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and corresponding decreases in their effective tax rates.
(b)Exelon, Generation, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL decreased their unrecognized state tax benefits primarily due to the receipt of favorable
guidance with respect to the deductibility of certain depreciable fixed assets. The recognition of the tax benefits related to BGE, PHI, Pepco, and
DPL was offset by corresponding regulatory liabilities and that portion had no immediate impact to their effective tax rate.
Like-Kind Exchange
In 2016, the Tax Court held that Exelon was not entitled to defer a gain on its 1999 like-kind exch ange transaction. In addition to the
tax and interest related to the gain deferral, the Tax Court also ruled that Exelon was liable for penalties and interest on the
penalties. Exelon had fully paid the amounts assessed resulting from the Tax Court decision in 2017. In September 2017, Exelon
appealed the Tax Court decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. In October  2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Seventh  Circuit affirmed the Tax Court’ s decision. Exelon filed a petition seeking rehearing of the Seventh Circuit’ s decision, but
the Seventh  Circuit denied that petition in December 2018.  In the first quarter of 2019, Exelon elected not to seek a further review
by the U.S. Supreme
288
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
Court. As a result, Exelon's and ComEd's unrecognized tax benefits decreased by approximately $33 millio n and $2 million ,
respectively , in the first quarter of 2019.
Recognition of unrecognized tax benefits
The following table presents Exelon's, Generation's and PHI's unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would decrease the
effective tax rate. ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's amounts are not material.
 Exelon  Generation  PHI(a)
December 31, 2019 $ 462  $ 429  $ 32
December 31, 2018 463  408  31
December 31, 2017 523  461  32
__________
(a)PHI has $21 million of unrecognized state tax benefits that, if recognized, $14 million would be in the form of a net operating loss carryforward,
which is expected to require a full valuation allowance based on present circumstances.
The followin g table presents Exelon's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE’ s unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, may be
included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the effective tax rate. Com Ed's and PECO's amounts are not
material.
 Exelon BGE PHI Pepco  DPL ACE
December 31, 2019 $ 19 $ 1$ 14 $ — $ — $ 14
December 31, 2018 14 — 14 — — 14
December 31, 2017 214 120 94 59 21 14
Reasonably possible the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within 12
months after the reporting date
Settlement of Income T ax Audits, Refund Claims, and Litigation
The following table represents Exelon's, Generation's and ACE's unrecognized federal and state tax benefits that could significantly
decrease within the 12 months after the reportin g date as a result of completing audits, potential settlements, refund claims, and the
outcomes of pending court cases as of December 31, 2019 . ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's and DPL's amounts are not
material.
Exelon(a)  Generation(a) ACE(b)
$ 425  $ 411 $ 14
__________
(a)Exelon and Generation have $411 million that, if recognized, would decrease the effective tax rate.
(b)The unrecognized tax benefit related to ACE, if recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the
effective tax rate.
Total amounts of interest and penalties recognized
The following table represents the net interest and penalties receivable (payable) related to tax positions reflected in Exelon's
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generation's and the Utility Registrants' amounts are not material.
Net interest and penalties receivable as of Exelon
December 31, 2019 $ 318
December 31, 2018 219
289
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
The Registrants did not record material interest and penalty expense related to tax positions reflected in their Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Interest expens e and penalty expense are recorded in Interest expense, net and Other , net, respectively , in Other income
and deductions in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Description of tax years open to assessment by major jurisdiction
Major Jurisdiction Open Years Registrants Impacted
Federal consolidated income tax returns 2002-2018 All Registrants
PHI Holdings and subsidiaries consolidated federal income tax returns 2016Exelon, Generation, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, ACE
Delaware separate corporate income tax returns Same as federal DPL
District of Columbia combined corporate income tax returns 2016-2018 Exelon, PHI, Pepco
Illinois unitary corporate income tax returns 2010-2018 Exelon, Generation, ComEd
Maryland separate company corporate net income tax returns Same as federal BGE, Pepco, DPL
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2013-2018 Exelon, Generation
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2014-2018 ACE
New York combined corporate income tax returns 2010-March 2012 Exelon, Generation
New York combined corporate income tax returns 2011-2018 Exelon, Generation
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2011-2018 Exelon, Generation
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2016-2018 PECO
Other T ax Matters
Federal Income T ax Law Changes
On December 22, 2017 , President Trump signed the TCJA  into law. Pursuant to the enactm ent of the TCJA, the Registrants
remeasured their existing deferred income tax balances as of December 31, 2017 to reflect the decrease in the corporate income tax
rate from 35% to 21%, which  resulted in a material decrease to their net deferred income tax liability balances as show n in the table
below . Generation recorded a corresponding net decrease to income tax expense, while the Utility Registrants recorded
corresponding regulatory  liabilities or assets to the extent such amounts are probable of settle ment or recovery through customer
rates and an adjustment to income tax expense for all other amounts.
The one-tim e impacts recorded by the Registrants to remeasure their deferred income tax balances at the 21% corporate federal
income tax rate as of December 31, 2017 are presented below:
 Exelon(b) Generation ComEd PECO(c) BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net Decrease to
Deferred Income Tax
Liability Balances
$8,624  $1,895 $2,819  $1,407 $1,120  $1,944 $968  $540 $456
Net Increase to
Regulatory Liabilities
Recorded(a)7,315  N/A 2,818  1,394 1,124  1,979 976  545 458
Net Deferred Income Tax
Benefit/(Expense)
Recorded $1,309  $1,895 $1  $13 $(4) $(35) $(8) $(5) $(2)
__________
(a)Reflects the net regulatory liabilities recorded on a pre-tax basis before taking into consideration the income tax benefits associated with the
ultimate settlement with customers.
(b)Amounts do not sum across due to deferred tax adjustments recorded at the Exelon Corporation parent company, primarily related to certain
employee compensation plans.
(c)Given the regulatory treatment of income tax benefits related to electric and gas distribution repairs, PECO remained in an overall net regulatory
asset position as of December 31, 2017 after recording the impacts related to the TCJA.
290
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
State Income T ax Law Changes
Illinois  - On June 5, 2019, the Governor of Illinois signed a tax bill which would increase the Illinois corporate income tax rate from
9.50% to 10.49 % effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021. The tax rate is contingent upon ratification of state
constitutional amendme nts in November 2020. The effect of the rate change will be recogniz ed in the period in which the new
legislation is enacted. Exelon, Generation and ComEd do not expect a material impact to their financial statements as a result of the
rate change.
In 2017, Exelon reviewed and updated its marginal state income tax rates based on 2016 state apportionment rates. In addition,
Exelon, Generation and ComEd recorded the impacts of Illinois’  statutory rate change, which increased the total corporate income
tax rate from 7.75% to 9.50% effective July 1, 2017. The followin g table provides the one-time impact  of the rate changes in 2017 for
Exelon, Generation and ComEd:
 Exelon  Generation  ComEd
Increase to Deferred Income Taxes $ 250  $ 20 $ 270
Increase in Regulatory Assets 270  — 270
(Decrease)/Increase to Income Tax Expense (20) 20 —
Long-T erm Marginal State Income T ax Rate (All Registrants)
Quarterly , Exelon reviews and updates its marginal state income tax rates for changes in state apportionment. The Registrants
remeasure their existing deferred income tax balances to reflect the changes in marginal rates, which results in either an increase or
decrease to their net deferred income tax liability  balances. Utility Registrants record correspond ing regulatory liabilities or assets to
the extent such amounts  are probable of settlement or recovery through customer rates and an adjustment to income tax expense
for all other amounts.
December 31, 2019 Exelon  Generation PHI  DPL
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability $ 23 $ 9 $ — $ —
Increase to Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes 23 9 — —
December 31, 2018    
Decrease to Deferred Income Tax Liability $ 50 $ 53 $ 4 $ 2
Decrease to Income Tax Expense, Net of Federal Taxes 50 53 3 —
There were no material adjustments to income tax expense in 2017 as a result of changes in state apportionment.
Allocation of T ax Benefits (All Registrants)
Generation and the Utility Registrants are all party to an agreement with Exelon and other subsidiaries of Exelon that provides for
the allocation of consoli dated tax liabilities and benefits (Tax Sharing Agreement). The Tax Sharing Agreement provides that each
party is allocated an amount of tax similar to that which would be owed had the party been separately subject to tax. In addition, any
net benefit attributable to Exelon is reallocated to the other Registrants. That allocation is treated as a contribution to the capital of
the party receiving the benefit.
The following table presents the allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement.
 Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL
December 31, 2019(a)$ 41 $ — $ 14 $ 3 $ 7$ 6$ 1
December 31, 2018(b)155 1 48 26 2 — —
December 31, 2017(c)102 — 16 10 7 — —
__________
(a)ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
(b)Pepco, DPL and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net
operating loss.
291
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Income Taxes
(c)ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a
tax net operating loss.
Research and Development Activities
In the fourth  quarter 2019, Exelon and Generation recognized additional tax benefits related to certain research and development
activities that qualify for federal and state tax incentives for the 2010 through 2018 tax years, which resulted in an increase to
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s net income of $108 million  and $75 million , respe ctively , for the year ended December 31, 2019, reflecting
a decrease to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Income tax expense of $ 97 million  and $ 66 million , respectively .
14. Retirement Benefits  (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for essentially all current employees. Substantially all non-union
employees and electing  union employees hired  on or after January 1, 2001 participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
January 1, 2009, substantially all newly-hired union-represented employees participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
February 1, 2018, most newly-hired Generation and BSC non-represented, non-craft, employees are not eligible for pension
benefits, and will instead be eligible to receive an enhanced non-discretionary employer contribution in an Exelon defined
contribution savings plan. Effective January 1, 2018, most newly-hired non-represented, non-c raft, employees are not eligible for
OPEB benefits and employees represented by Local 614 are not eligible for retiree health care benefits.
Effective January 1, 2019, Exelon merged the Exelon Corporation Cash Balance Pension Plan (CBPP) into the Exelon Corporation
Retirement Program (ECRP). The merging of the plans did not change the benefits offered to the plan participants and, thus, had no
impact on Exelon's pens ion obligation. However , beginning in 2019, actuarial losses and gains related to the CBPP  and ECRP  are
amortized over participants’  average remaining service period of the merged ECRP  rather than each individual plan.
292
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The table below shows the pension and OPEB plans in which employees of each operating company participated at December 31,
2019 :
 Operating Company(e)
Name of Plan: Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Qualified Pension Plans:          
Exelon Corporation Retirement Program(a) X X X X  X  X  X X
Exelon Corporation Pension Plan for Bargaining
Unit Employees(a) X   X          
Exelon New England Union Employees Pension
Plan(a) X           
Exelon Employee Pension Plan for Clinton, TMI and
Oyster Creek(a) X   X   X   X    X
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Group, Inc.(b) X   X X X   X  X  X  
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC(c) X X  X  X     
Nine Mile Point Pension Plan(c) X         
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC Union Employees
Pension Plan Including Plan A and Plan B(b) X           
Pepco Holdings LLC Retirement Plan(d) X X X X  X  X  X X
Non-Qualified Pension Plans:          
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Pension Benefit
Plan and 2000 Excess Benefit Plan(a) X   X   X     X     
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management
Retirement Plan(a) X   X   X   X  X  X  X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior Executive
Supplemental Plan(b) X     X       
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Supplemental
Pension Plan(b) X     X       
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits
Restoration Plan(b) X   X  X   X     
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC Executive
Retirement Plan(c) X     X     
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC Benefits
Restoration Plan(c) X         
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Executive
Benefit Plan(b) X     X       
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Manager Benefit
Plan(b) X   X  X       
Pepco Holdings LLC 2011 Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan(d)      X  X  X X
Conectiv Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan (d) X     X    X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Combined Executive
Retirement Plan (d)      X  X   
Atlantic City Electric Director Retirement Plan (d)         X
293
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
 Operating Company(e)
Name of Plan: Generation ComEd PECO  BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
OPEB Plans:         
PECO Energy Company Retiree Medical
Plan(a) X   X X   X X  X  X  X
Exelon Corporation Health Care Program(a) X   X   X  X X  X    X
Exelon Corporation Employees’ Life
Insurance Plan(a) X   X   X   X      
Exelon Corporation Health Reimbursement
Arrangement Plan(a) X   X   X   X      
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Medical Plan(b) X   X X  X   X  X    
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Dental Plan(b) X      X        
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Employee
Life Insurance Plan and Family Life
Insurance Plan(b) X   X X  X   X  X    
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC
Post-Employment Medical Account Savings
Plan(b) X           
Exelon New England Union Post-
Employment Medical Savings Account
Plan(a) X           
Retiree Medical Plan of Constellation Energy
Nuclear Group LLC(c) X    X   X    
Retiree Dental Plan of Constellation Energy
Nuclear Group LLC(c) X    X   X    
Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC Medical
Care and Prescription Drug Plan for Retired
Employees(c) X         
Pepco Holdings LLC Welfare Plan for
Retirees(d) X X X  X X  X  X  X
__________
(a)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Exelon plans.
(b)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Constellation Energy Group (CEG) Plans.
(c)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy CENG plans.
(d)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy PHI plans.
(e)Employees generally remain in their legacy benefit plans when transferring between operating companies.
Exelon’ s traditional and cash balance pension plans are intended to be tax-qualified defined benefit plans. Exelon has elected that
the trusts underlying these plans be treated as qualified trusts under the IRC. If certain conditions are met, Exelon can deduct
payments made to the qualified trusts, subject to certain IRC limitations.
Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets and Funded Status
During the first quarter of 2019 , Exelon received an updated valuation of its pension and OPEB to reflect actual census data as of
January 1, 2019 . This valua tion resulted  in an increase to the pension and OPEB obligations of $75 millio n and $36 millio n,
respectively . Additionally , accumulated other comprehensive loss increased by $39 millio n (after -tax) and regulatory assets and
liabilities increased by $53 million  and decreased by $5 million , respectively .
294
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The followin g tables provide a rollforward of the changes in the benefit obligations and plan asse ts of Exelon for the most recent two
years for all plans combined:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2019  2018 2019  2018
Change in benefit obligation:    
Net benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 20,692  $ 22,337 $ 4,369  $ 4,856
Service cost 357  405 93 112
Interest cost 883  802 188  175
Plan participants’  contributions — — 44 45
Actuarial (gain) loss(a)2,322  (1,561 ) 250  (540)
Plan amendments 68 (4) — —
Curtailments (3) — — —
Settlements (35) (48) (4) (4)
Contractual termination benefits 1 — — —
Gross benefits paid (1,417 ) (1,239 ) (282) (275)
Net benefit obligation at end of year $ 22,868  $ 20,692 $ 4,658  $ 4,369
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2019  2018 2019  2018
Change in plan assets:    
Fair value of net plan assets at beginning of year $ 16,678  $ 18,573 $ 2,408  $ 2,732
Actual return on plan assets 3,008  (945) 324  (136)
Employer contributions 356 337 51 46
Plan participants’  contributions — — 44 45
Gross benefits paid (1,417 ) (1,239 ) (282) (275)
Settlements (35) (48) (4) (4)
Fair value of net plan assets at end of year $ 18,590  $ 16,678 $ 2,541  $ 2,408
__________
(a)The pension actuarial loss in 2019 primarily reflects a decrease in the discount rate. The OPEB actuarial loss in 2019 primarily reflects a
decrease in the discount rate. The pension actuarial gain in 2018 primarily reflects an increase in the discount rate. The OPEB actuarial gain in
2018 primarily reflects an increase in the discount rate and favorable health care claims experience.
Exelon presents its benefit obligations and plan assets net on its balance sheet within the following line items:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2019  2018 2019  2018
Other current liabilities $ 31 $ 26 $ 41 $ 33
Pension obligations 4,247 3,988 — —
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — — 2,076 1,928
Unfunded status (net benefit obligation less plan
assets) $ 4,278 $ 4,014 $ 2,117 $ 1,961
295
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The following table provides the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and fair value of plan asse ts for all pension plans with an ABO
in excess of plan asse ts. Information for pens ion and OPEB plans with projected benefit obligations (PBO) and accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation (APBO), respe ctively , in excess of plan assets has been disclosed in the Obligations and Plan
Assets table above as all pension and OPEB plans are underfunded.
ABO in excess of plan assets Exelon
 2019  2018
Accumulated benefit obligation 21,727  19,656
Fair value of net plan assets 18,590  16,678
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs
The majority  of the 2019  pension benefit cost for the Exelon-sponsored plans is calculated using an expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets of 7.00% and a disco unt rate of 4.31%. The majority of the 2019  OPEB cost is calculated using an expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.67% for funded plans and a discount rate of 4.30%.
A portion of the net periodic benefit cost for all plans is capitalized within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following tables
present the components  of Exelon’ s net periodic benefit costs, prior to capitalization, for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018
and 2017 .
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2019 2018  2017(a) 2019 2018  2017(a)
Components of net
periodic benefit cost:      
Service cost $ 357 $ 405 $ 387 $ 93 $ 112 $ 106
Interest cost 883 802 842 188 175 182
Expected return on assets (1,225 ) (1,252 ) (1,196 ) (153) (173) (162)
Amortization of:      
Prior service cost
(credit) — 2 1 (179) (186) (188)
Actuarial loss 414 629  607 45 66 61
Settlement and other
charges 17 3 3 1 1 —
Contractual termination
benefits 1 — — — — —
Net periodic benefit cost $ 447 $ 589  $ 644 $ (5)$ (5) $ (1)
__________ 
(a)FitzPatrick net benefit costs are included for the period after acquisition.
Cost Allocation to Exelon Subsidiaries
All Registrants account for their participation in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans by applying multi-employer accounting. Exelon
allocates costs related to its pension and OPEB plans to its subsidiaries based on both active and retired employee participation in
each plan.
The amounts below represent the Registrants’  allocated pension and OPEB costs. As a result of new pension guidance effective on
January 1, 2018, certain  balances have been reclassified on Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive
Income for the year ended December 31, 2017. For Exelon, the service cost component is included in Operating and maintenance
expense and Property , plant and equipment, net, while the non–service cost components are included in Other , net and Regulatory
assets for the years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 and in Other , net and Property , plant and equipment, net,
for the year ended December 31, 2017. For Generation and the Utility Registrants, the service cost and non–service cost
components are included
296
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant and equipment, net on their consolidated financial statements.
For the Years Ended
December 31, Exelon  Generation(a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2019 $ 442  $ 135  $ 96 $ 12 $61 $ 95 $ 25 $ 15 $ 16
2018 583  204  177  18 60 67 15 6 12
2017 643  227  176  29 64 94 25 13 13
__________
(a)FitzPatrick net benefit costs are included for the period after acquisition.
Components of AOCI and Regulatory Assets
Exelon recognizes the overfunded or underfund ed status of defined benefit pension and OPEB plans as an asset or liability on its
balance sheet, with offsetting entries to AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities). A portion of current year actuarial gains and losses
and prior service costs (credits) is capitalized within Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets to reflect the expected regulatory
recovery of these amounts, which would otherw ise be recorded to AOCI. The followin g tables provide the components of AOCI and
regulatory assets (liabilities) for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017  for all plans combined.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2019 2018 2017 2019 2018 2017
Changes in plan assets
and benefit obligations
recognized in AOCI and
regulatory assets
(liabilities):       
Current year actuarial (gain)
loss $ 538 $ 635 $ (222)$ 80 $ (232)$ 166
Amortization of actuarial loss (414) (629) (607) (45) (66) (61)
Current year prior service
cost (credit) 68 (4) 9 — — —
Amortization of prior service
(cost) credit — (2) (1) 179 186 188
Curtailments (3) — — — — —
Settlements (17) (3) (3) (1) — —
Total recognized in AOCI
and regulatory assets
(liabilities) $ 172 $ (3)$ (824)$ 213 $ (112)$ 293
       
Total recognized in AOCI $ 169 $ 3$ (401)$ 107 $ (55)$ 168
Total recognized in
regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 3$ (6)$ (423)$ 106 $ (57)$ 125
297
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The following table provides the components of gross accumulated other comprehensive loss and regulatory assets (liabilities) for
Exelon that have not been recognized as components of periodic benefit cost at December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respectively , for all
plans combined:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2019 2018 2019  2018
Prior service (credit) cost $ 39 $ (29)$ (158) $ (337)
Actuarial loss 7,662 7,558 565  531
Total $ 7,701 $ 7,529 $ 407  $ 194
    
Total included in AOCI $ 4,068 $ 3,899 $ 177  $ 70
Total included in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 3,633 $ 3,630 $ 230  $ 124
Average Remaining Service Period
For pension benefits, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs and certain actuarial gains and losses, as applicable,
based on participants’  average remaining service periods.
For OPEB, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs over participants’  average remaining service period to benefit
eligibility age and amortizes certain actuarial gains and losses over participants’  average remaining service period to expected
retirement. The resulting average remaining service periods for pension and OPEB were as follows:
  2019 2018  2017
Pension plans  11.7 12.0  11.8
OPEB plans:     
Benefit Eligibility Age  8.7 8.8  8.8
Expected Retirement  9.3 9.5  9.6
Assumptions
The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under Exelon’ s define d benefit and other postretirement
plans involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. The
measurement of benefit obligations and costs is impacted by several assumptions and inputs, as shown below , among other factors.
When developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations.
Expected Rate of Return.  In selecting the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and GDP
growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectations regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by
Exelon’ s target asset class allocations.
Mortality . The mortal ity assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . For the year ended
December 31, 2018, Exelon’ s mortality assumpti on was supported by an actuarial experience study of Exelon's plan participants and
utilized the IRS's RP–2 000 base table projected to 2012 with improvement scale AA and projected thereafter with generational
improvement scale BB two-dimensional adjuste d to a 0.75% long-t erm rate reached  in 2027. For the year ended December 31,
2019, Exelon's mortality assumption utilizes the Society of Actuaries' 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2019  improvement scale
adjusted to a 0.75% long-term rate reached in 2035.
For Exelon, the following  assumptions were used  to determine the benefit obligations for the plans at December 31, 2019  and 2018 .
Assumptions used to determine year-end benefit obligations are the assumptions used to estimate the subsequent year’s net
periodic benefit costs.
298
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2019  2018  2019  2018  
Discount rate 3.34%(a)  4.31%(a)  3.31%(a)  4.30%(a)  
Investment Crediting Rate 3.82%(b)  4.46%(b)  N/A  N/A  
Rate of compensation increase     (c)     (c)     (c)     (c) 
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with
MP- 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Health care cost trend on covered charges N/A  N/A  5.00% with
ultimate trend of
5.00% in
2017  5.00% with
ultimate trend of
5.00% in
2017  
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB obligations. Certain benefit
plans used individual rates, which range from 3.02% - 3.44% and 3.27% - 3.4% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31,
2019 and 4.13% - 4.36% and 4.27% - 4.38% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31, 2018.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
(c)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
The following assumptions were used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2019 ,
2018  and 2017 : 
 Pension Benefits  Other Postretirement Benefits  
Exelon 2019  2018  2017  2019  2018  2017  
Discount rate 4.31%(a) 3.62%(a) 4.04%(a) 4.30%(a) 3.61%(a) 4.04%(a) 
Investment
Crediting Rate 4.46%(b)  4.00%(b)  4.46%(b)  N/A N/A N/A
Expected
return on plan
assets 7.00%(c) 7.00%(c) 7.00%(c) 6.67%(c) 6.60%(c) 6.58%(c) 
Rate of
compensation
increase     (d)   (d)   (e)     (d)   (d)   (e) 
Mortality tableRP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with Scale
BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with Scale
BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Health care
cost trend on
covered
charges N/A   N/A   N/A   5.00%
with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  5.00%
with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  5.50%
decreasing
to
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB costs. Certain benefit plans
used individual rates, which range from 4.13%-4.36% and 4.27%-4.38% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2019; 3.49%-3.65% and 3.57%-3.68% for pension and OPEB plans; respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2018; and
3.66%-4.11% and 4.00%-4.17% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2017.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
(c)Not applicable to pension and other postretirement benefit plans that do not have plan assets.
(d)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
(e)The legacy Exelon, CEG and CENG pension and other postretirement plans used a rate of compensation increase of 3.25% through 2019 and
3.75% thereafter, while the legacy PHI pension and OPEB plans used a weighted-average rate of compensation increase of 5% for all periods.
299
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
Contributions
Exelon allocates contribu tions related to its legacy Exelon pension and OPEB plans to its subsidi aries based on accounting cost. For
legacy CEG, CENG, FitzPatrick, and PHI plans, pension and OPEB contributions are allocated to the subsidiaries based on
employee participation (both active and retired). The following tables provide contributions to the pension and OPEB plans:
 Pension Benefits  OPEB
 2019(a)  2018(a)  2017(a)  2019  2018  2017
Exelon $ 356 $ 337 $ 341 $ 51 $ 46 $ 64
Generation 160  128  137  15 11 11
ComEd 72 38 36 5 4 5
PECO 27 28 24 1 — —
BGE 34 40 39 14 14 14
PHI 10 62 67 15 12 32
Pepco 2 6 62 12 11 10
DPL 1 — — — — 2
ACE — 6 — 1 — 20
__________
(a)Exelon's and Generation's pension contributions include $21 million related to the legacy CENG plans that was funded by CENG as provided in
an Employee Matters Agreement (EMA) between Exelon and CENG for the year ended December 31, 2017. There were no pension
contributions for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100%
funded status on an ABO basis over time. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension
contributions. Based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change, Exelon’ s estimated annual
qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million  beginning in 2020. Unlike the qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s
non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While other postretireme nt plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its
plans. For Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has
historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, including liabilities management,
levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
300
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
The following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2020 :
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 505 $ 36 $ 42
Generation 227 14 16
ComEd 141 2 3
PECO 17 1 —
BGE 56 2 16
PHI 22 9 7
Pepco — 2 7
DPL — 1 —
ACE 2 — —
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
Estimated future benefit payments to participants in all of the pension plans and postretirement benefit plans at December 31, 2019
were:
 Pension
Benefits OPEB
2020 $ 1,227 $ 258
2021 1,252 263
2022 1,295 267
2023 1,310 270
2024 1,324 275
2025 through 2029 6,770 1,402
Total estimated future benefit payments through 2029 $ 13,178 $ 2,735
Plan Assets
Investment Strategy . On a regula r basis, Exelon evaluates its investm ent strategy to ensure that plan assets will be sufficient to pay
plan benefits when due. As part of this ongoing evaluation, Exelon may make changes to its targeted asset allocation and
investment strategy .
Exelon has developed and implemented a liability hedging investment strategy for its qualified pension plans that has reduced the
volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. Exelon is likely to continue to gradually increase the liability hedging
portfolio as the funded status of its plans improves. The overall objective is to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns that will
balance the liquidity requirements of the plans’  liabilities while striving to minimize the risk of significant losses. Trust assets for
Exelon’ s other postretirement plans are managed in a diversified investment strategy that prioritizes maximizing liquidity and returns
while minimizing asset volatility .
Actual asset returns have an impact on the costs reported for the Exelon-sponsored pension and OPEB plans. The actual asset
returns across Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans for the year ended December 31, 2019  were 18.80 % and 14.40 %, respe ctively ,
compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00% and 6.67%, respectively . Exelon used an EROA  of 7.00% and
6.69% to estimate its 2020  pension and OPEB costs, respectively .
Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan target asset allocations at December 31, 2019  and 2018  were as follows:
301
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018
Asset Category Pension Benefits  OPEB Pension Benefits OPEB
Equity securities 33% 46% 35% 47%
Fixed income securities 44% 32% 37% 28%
Alternative investments(a)23% 22% 28% 25%
Total 100% 100% 100% 100%
__________
(a)Alternative investments include private equity, hedge funds, real estate, and private credit.
Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Exelo n evaluated its pension and OPEB plans’  asset portfolios for the existence of significant
concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2019 . Types of concentration s that were evaluated include, but are not limited to,
investment concentrations in a single entity , type of industry , foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2019 , there
were no significant concentrations (defined as greater than 10% of plan assets) of risk in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan assets.
Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present pension and OPEB plan assets measured and recorded at fair value in Exelon's Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy at December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
December 31, 2019(a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject to
leveling  Total
Pension plan assets      
Cash equivalents $ 258 $ — $ — $ — $ 258
Equities(b)3,616 — 5 2,589  6,210
Fixed income:   
U.S. Treasury and agencies 1,294 280 — — 1,574
State and municipal debt — 56 — — 56
Corporate debt — 4,342 245 — 4,587
Other(b)— 461 — 851  1,312
Fixed income subtotal 1,294 5,139 245 851  7,529
Private equity — — — 1,391  1,391
Hedge funds — — — 1,126  1,126
Real estate — — — 1,030  1,030
Private credit — — 237 929  1,166
Pension plan assets subtotal $ 5,168 $ 5,139 $ 487 $ 7,916  $18,710
302
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
December 31, 2019(a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject to
leveling  Total
OPEB plan assets      
Cash equivalents $ 39 $ — $ — $ — $ 39
Equities 473 3 — 719  1,195
Fixed income:   
U.S. Treasury and agencies 17 64 — — 81
State and municipal debt — 107 — — 107
Corporate debt — 49 — — 49
Other 258 78 — 201  537
Fixed income subtotal 275 298 — 201  774
Hedge funds — — — 293  293
Real estate — — — 109  109
Private credit — — — 131  131
OPEB plan assets subtotal $ 787 $ 301 $ — $ 1,453 $ 2,541
Total pension and OPEB plan assets(c) $ 5,955 $ 5,440 $ 487 $ 9,369  $21,251
December 31, 2018(a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject to
leveling  Total
Pension plan assets       
Cash equivalents $ 350  $ — $ — $ — $ 350
Equities(b)3,364  — 2 1,980  5,346
Fixed income:     
U.S. Treasury and agencies 996  173 — — 1,169
State and municipal debt — 59 — — 59
Corporate debt — 3,716 216  — 3,932
Other(b)— 329 — 613  942
Fixed income subtotal 996 4,277 216  613  6,102
Private equity — — — 1,219  1,219
Hedge funds — — — 1,608  1,608
Real estate — — — 1,029  1,029
Private credit — — 268  798  1,066
Pension plan assets subtotal $ 4,710 $ 4,277 $ 486  $ 7,247 $16,720
303
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
December 31, 2018(a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject to
leveling  Total
OPEB plan assets       
Cash equivalents $ 22 $ — $ — $ — $ 22
Equities 537  2 — 508  1,047
Fixed income:    
U.S. Treasury and agencies 11 56 — — 67
State and municipal debt — 126 — — 126
Corporate debt — 48 — — 48
Other 183  72 — 170  425
Fixed income subtotal 194 302 — 170  666
Hedge funds — — — 411  411
Real estate — — — 132  132
Private credit — — — 132  132
OPEB plan assets subtotal $ 753 $ 304 $ — $ 1,353  $ 2,410
Total pension and OPEB plan assets(c) $ 5,463  $ 4,581 $ 486  $ 8,600  $19,130
__________
(a)See Note 17—Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy.
(b)Includes derivative instruments of $2 million and less than $1 million, which have a total notional amount of $6,668 million and $5,991 million at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction
volume outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the amount of the company’s exposure to credit or market loss.
(c)Excludes net liabilities of $120 million and $44 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which are required to reconcile to the fair
value of net plan assets. These items consist primarily of receivables or payables related to pending securities sales and purchases, interest
and dividends receivable.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities for Exelon measured at fair value for pension and
OPEB plans for the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Fixed Income EquitiesPrivate
Credit Total
Pension Assets   
Balance as of January 1, 2019 $ 216 $ 2$ 268 $ 486
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held at the
reporting date 28 3 28 59
Relating to assets sold during the
period (7) — — (7)
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 26 — 41 67
Sales (4) — — (4)
Settlements(a)(2) — (100) (102)
Transfers out of Level 3 (12) — — (12)
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 245 $ 5$ 237 $ 487
304
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Retirement Benefits
 Fixed income  Equities  Private
Credit Total
Pension Assets    
Balance as of January 1, 2018 $ 232 $ 2 $ 224 $ 458
Actual return on plan assets:  
Relating to assets still held at the
reporting date (14) — 9 (5)
Relating to assets sold during the
period (1) — — (1)
Purchases, sales and settlements:  
Purchases 19 — 35 54
Sales (8) — — (8)
Settlements(a) (12) — — (12)
Balance as of December 31, 2018 $ 216 $ 2$ 268 $ 486
__________
(a)Represents cash settlements only.
There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2019  for the pension and
OPEB plan assets.
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
The techniques used to fair value the pension and OPEB assets invested in cash equivalents, equities, fixed income, derivatives,
private equit y, real estate, and private credit investments are the same as the valuation techniques for these types of investments in
NDTFs. See Cash Equivalents and NDT Fund Investments in Note 17 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  for further
information.
Pension and OPEB assets also include investm ents in hedge funds. Hedge fund investments include those seeking to maximize
absolute returns using a broad range of strategies to enhance returns and provide additional diversification. The fair value of hedge
funds is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, hedge funds are not classified within the fair
value hierarchy . Exelon has the ability to redeem these investments at NAV or its equivalent subject to certain restrictions which may
include a lock-up period or a gate.
Defined Contribution Savings Plan (All Registrants)
The Registr ants participate in various 401(k) defined contribution savings plans that are sponsored by Exelon. The plans are
qualified under applicable sections of the IRC and allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in
accordance with specified guidelines. All Registrants match a percentage of the employee contributions up to certain limits. The
following table presents matching contributions to the savings plan for the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 :
For the Year Ended
December 31, Exelon  Generation  ComEd  PECO BGE  PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
2019 $ 161  $ 73 $ 35 $ 11 $12 13 $ 3$ 3$ 2
2018 179  86 37 9 12 13 3 2 2
2017 128  55 31 10 10 13 3 2 2
15. Derivative Financial Instruments  (All Registrants)
The Registra nts use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk related to
ongoing business operations.
Authoritative guidance requires that derivative instruments be recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value, with changes in
fair value of the derivative recognized in earnings immediately . Other accounting treatments are
305
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
available through special election and designation, provided they meet specific, restrictive criteria both at the time of designation and
on an ongoing basis. These alternative permissible accounting treatments include NPNS, cash flow hedges and fair value hedges.
All derivative economic hedges related to commodities, referred to as economic hedges, are recorded at fair value through earnings
at Generation and are offset by a corresponding regulatory asset or liability at ComEd. For all NPNS derivative instruments,
accounts receivable or accounts payable are recorded when derivative settles and revenue or expense is recognized in earnings as
the underlying physical commodity is sold or consumed.
Authoritative guidance about offsetting assets and liabilities requires the fair value of derivative instruments to be shown in the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on a gross basis, even when the derivati ve instruments are subject to legally
enforceable master netting agreements and qualify for net presentation in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A master netting
agreement is an agreement between two counterparties that may have derivative and non-derivative contracts with each other
providing for the net settlement of all referencing contracts via one payment stream, which takes place as the contracts deliver , when
collateral is requested or in the event of default. In the tables below that present fair value balances, Generation’ s energy-related
economic hedges and proprietary trading derivat ives are shown gross. The impact of the netting of fair value balances with the same
counterparty that are subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements, as well as netting  of cash collateral, including margin
on exchange positions, is aggregated in the collateral and netting columns.
Generation’ s and ComEd’ s use of cash collateral is generally unrestricted unless Generation or ComEd are downgraded below
investment grade. Cash collateral held by PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE must be deposited in an unaffiliated major U.S.
commercial bank or foreign bank with a U.S. branch of fice that meet certain qualifications.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Each of the Registrants employ established policies and procedures to manage their risks associated with market fluctuations in
commodity prices by entering into physical and financial derivative contracts, including swaps, futures, forwards, options and short-
term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and commodity products. The Registrants believe these instruments,
which are either determined to be non-derivative  or classified as economic hedges, mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity
prices.
Generation. To the extent the amoun t of energy Generation  produces differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell,
Exelon and Generation are exposed to market  fluctuations in the prices of electricity , fossil fuels and other commodities. Within
Exelon, Generation has the most exposure to commodity price risk. As such, Generation uses a variety of derivative and non-
derivative instruments to manage the commodity  price risk of its electric generation facilities, including power and gas sales, fuel and
power purchases, natural gas transportation and pipeline capacity agreements and other energy-related products marketed and
purchased. To manage these risks, Generation may enter into fixed-price derivative or non-derivative contracts to hedge the
variability in future cash flows from expected sales of power and gas and purchases of power and fuel. The objectives for executing
such hedges include fixing the price for a portion of anticipated future electricity sales at a level that provides an acceptable return.
Generation is also expo sed to differences between the locational settlement prices of certain economic hedges and the hedged
generating units. This price difference is actively managed through other instruments which include derivative congestion products,
whose changes in fair value are recognized in earnings each period, and auction revenue rights, which are accounted for on an
accrual basis.
Additionally , Generation is exposed to certain market risks through its proprietary trading activities. The proprietary trading activities
are a comple ment to Generation’ s energy marketing portfolio but represent a small portion of Generation’ s overall energy marketing
activities and are subject to limits established by Exelon’ s RMC.
306
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
Utility Regi strants.  The Utility Registrants procure electric and natural gas supply through a competitive procurement process
approved by each of the respective state utility  commissions. The Utility Registrants’  hedging  programs are intended to reduce
exposure to energy and natural gas price volatility and have no direct earnings impact as the costs are fully recovered from
customers through regulatory-approved recovery mechanisms. The following table provides a summary of the Utility Registrants’
primary derivative hedging instruments, listed by commodity and accounting treatment.
Registrant Commodity Accounting Treatment Hedging instrument
ComEdElectricity NPNSFixed price contracts based on all requirements in the IPA
procurement plans.
ElectricityChanges in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liability(a)20-year floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts beginning June 2012
based on the renewable energy resource procurement requirements
in the Illinois Settlement Legislation of approximately 1.3 million
MWhs per year.
PECO(b)Gas NPNSFixed price contracts to cover about 20% of planned natural gas
purchases in support of projected firm sales.
BGEElectricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNSFixed price contracts for between 10-20% of forecasted system
supply requirements for flowing (i.e., non-storage) gas for the
November through March period.
Pepco Electricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
DPLElectricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
GasNPNS Fixed price contracts through full requirements contracts.
Changes in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liability(c)Exchange traded future contracts for 50% of estimated monthly
purchase requirements each month, including purchases for storage
injections.
ACE Electricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all BGS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
_________
(a)See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(b)As part of its hedging program, PECO enters into electric supply procurement contracts that do not meet the definition of a derivative instrument.
(c)The fair value of the DPL economic hedge is not material as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 and is not presented in the fair value tables below.
307
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
The following table provides a summary of the derivative fair value balances recorded by Exelon, Generation and ComEd as of
December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Exelon  Generation ComEd
December 31, 2019Total
Derivatives  Economic
Hedges  Proprietary
Trading  Collateral
(a)(b)  Netting(a) SubtotalEconomic
Hedges
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(current assets) $ 675  $3,506  $ 72 $ 287  $(3,190 ) $ 675 $ —
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(noncurrent assets) 508  1,238  25 122  (877) 508 —
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 1,183  4,744 97 409  (4,067 ) 1,183 —
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(current liabilities) (236) (3,713 ) (38) 357  3,190  (204) (32)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(noncurrent liabilities) (380) (1,140 ) (11) 163  877  (111) (269)
Total mark-to-market derivative
liabilities (616) (4,853 ) (49) 520  4,067  (315) (301)
Total mark-to-market derivative net
assets (liabilities) $ 567  $ (109)$ 48 $ 929  $ — $ 868 $ (301)
         
December 31, 2018         
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(current assets) $ 801  $3,505  $ 105  $ 121  $(2,930 ) $ 801 $ —
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(noncurrent assets) 445  1,266  41 51 (913) 445 —
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 1,246  4,771  146  172  (3,843 ) 1,246 —
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(current liabilities) (473) (3,429 ) (74) 125  2,931  (447) (26)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(noncurrent liabilities) (474) (1,203 ) (20) 60 912  (251) (223)
Total mark-to-market derivative
liabilities (947) (4,632 ) (94) 185  3,843  (698) (249)
Total mark-to-market derivative net
assets (liabilities) $ 299  $ 139  $ 52 $ 357  $ — $ 548 $ (249)
_________
(a)Exelon and Generation net all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance in the balance sheet. These amounts
include unrealized derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash
collateral. In some cases Exelon and Generation may have other offsetting exposures, subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such as
trade receivables and payables, transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, letters of credit and other forms of non-cash collateral. These
amounts are immaterial and not reflected in the table above.
(b)Of the collateral posted/(received), $511 million and $(94) million represents variation margin on the exchanges at December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively.
308
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
Economic Hedges (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation. For the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , Exelon and Generation recognized the following net pre-tax
commodity mark-to-market gains (losses) which are also located in the Net fair value change s related to derivatives line in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
2019  2018  2017
Income Statement Location Gain (Loss)
Operating revenues $ — $ (270) $ (126)
Purchased power and fuel (204) (47) (43)
Total Exelon and Generation $ (204) $ (317) $ (169)
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions that have not been hedged. Generation hedges commodity price risk on a ratable basis
over three-y ear periods.  As of December 31, 2019 , the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest,
New York and ERCOT  reportable segments is 91%-94% and 61%-64% for 2020  and 2021 , respectively .
Proprietary T rading (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation also execute s commodity derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. Proprietary trading includes all contracts executed
with the intent of benefiting from shifts or changes in market prices as opposed to those executed with the intent of hedging or
managing risk. Gains and losses associated with proprietary trading are reported as Operating revenues in Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are included in the Net fair value changes
related to derivatives line in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 ,
net pre-tax commodity mark-to-market gains (losses) for Exelon and Generation were not material. The Utility Registrants do not
execute derivatives for proprietary trading purposes.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation utilize interest rate swaps, which are treated as economic hedges, to manage their interest rate exposure.
On July 1, 2018, Exelon de-designated its fair value hedges related to interest rate risk and Generation de-designated its cash flow
hedges related to interest rate risk. The notiona l amounts were $1,269  million and $1,420  million at December 31, 2019  and 2018 ,
respectively , for Exelon and $569 million  and $620 million  at December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respectively , for Generation.
Generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives to manage foreign exchange rate exposure associated with international commodity
purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, which are treated as economic hedges. The notio nal amounts were $231 million and
$268 million  at December 31, 2019  and 2018 , respectively .
The mark-to-market derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2019  and 2018  and the mark-to-market gains (losses) for
the years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017  were not material for Exelon and Generation.
Credit Risk (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties on executed derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date.
Generation.  For commodity deriva tives, Generation enters into enabling agreements that allow for payment netting with its
counterparties, which reduces Generation’ s exposure to counterparty risk by providing for the offset of amounts payable to the
counterparty against amounts receivable from the counterparty . Typically , each enabling agreement is for a specific commodity and
so, with respect to each individual counterparty , netting is limited to transactions involving that specific commodity product, except
where master netting agreements exist with a counterparty that allow for cross product netting. In addition to payment netting
language in the enablin g agreement, Generation’ s credit department establishes credit limits, margining thresholds and collateral
requirements for each counterparty , which are defined in the derivative contracts. Counterparty credit limits are based on an internal
credit
309
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
review proce ss that considers a variety of factors, including the results of a scoring model, leverage, liquidity , profitability , credit
ratings by credit rating agencies, and risk management capabilities. To the extent that a coun terparty’ s margining thresholds are
exceeded, the counterparty is required to post collateral with Generation as specified in each enabling agreement. Generation’ s
credit depar tment monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an
aggregate basis.
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, NPNS and payables and
receivables, net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as of December 31, 2019 . The tables
further delin eate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the concentration of credit risk to
individual counterparties. The figures in the tables below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail counterparties, nuclear
fuel procurement contracts and exposure through R TOs, ISOs, NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX and Nodal commodity exchanges.
Rating as of December 31, 2019Total
Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral  Credit
Collateral(a)Net
ExposureNumber of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net ExposureNet Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 877 $ 20 $ 857 — $ —
Non-investment grade 79 63 16  
No external ratings  
Internally rated — investment
grade 218 — 218  
Internally rated — non-
investment grade 139 23 116  
Total $ 1,313 $ 106 $ 1,207 — $ —
Net Credit Exposure by Type of CounterpartyAs of
December 31, 2019
Financial institutions $ 9
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 930
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 235
Other 33
Total $ 1,207
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2019, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $25 million of cash and $81
million of letters of credit. The credit collateral does not include non-liquid collateral.
Utility Registrants.  The Utility Registrants have contracts to procure electric and natural gas supply that provide suppliers with a
certain amount of unsecured credit. If the expos ure on the supply contract exceeds the amoun t of unsecured credit, the suppliers
may be required to post collateral. The net credit exposure is mitigated primarily by the ability to recover procurement costs through
customer rates. As of December 31, 2019 , the Utility Registrants’  counterparty credit risk with suppliers was immaterial.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features (All Registrants)
Generation. As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physically or financially settled contracts for
the purchase and sale of electric capacity , electricity , fuels, emissions allowances and other energy-related products. Certain of
Generation’ s derivative instruments contain provisions that require Generation to post collateral. Generation also enters into
commodity transactions on exchanges where the exchanges act as the counterparty to each trade. Transactions on the exchanges
must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. This collateral may be posted in the form of cash or credit
support with thresholds contingent upon Generation’ s credit rating from each of the major credit  rating agencies. The collateral and
credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty . These credit-risk related contingent features stipulate that if
Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be
required to provide additional collateral. This incremental collateral requirement allows for the offsetting of derivative instruments that
are assets with the same counterparty , where the contractual right of offset exists under applicabl e master netting agreements. In the
absence of expressly agreed-to provisions that specify
310
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments
the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circum stances of the situation at the time
of the demand. In this case, Generation believes an amount of several months of future payments (i.e., capacity payments) rather
than a calculation of fair value is the best estimate for the contingent collateral obligation, which has been factored into the
disclosure below .
The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features in a liability position that are not fully
collateralized (excluding transactions on the exchanges that are fully collateralized) is detailed in the table below:
 As of December 31,
Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features 2019 2018
Gross fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature(a)$ (956)$ (1,723 )
Offsetting fair value of in-the-money contracts under master netting arrangements(b) 649 1,105
Net fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature(c) $ (307)$ (618)
__________
(a)Amount represents the gross fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk-related contingent features ignoring the
effects of master netting agreements.
(b)Amount represents the offsetting fair value of in-the-money derivative contracts under legally enforceable master netting agreements with the
same counterparty, which reduces the amount of any liability for which a Registrant could potentially be required to post collateral.
(c)Amount represents the net fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk related contingent features after considering
the mitigating effects of offsetting positions under master netting arrangements and reflects the actual net liability upon which any potential
contingent collateral obligations would be based.
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelo n and Generation  posted or held the following amounts of cash collateral and letters of
credit on derivative contracts with external counterparties, after giving consideration to offsetting derivative and non-derivative
positions under master netting agreements.
 As of December 31,
 2019 2018
Cash collateral posted $ 982 $ 418
Letters of credit posted 264 367
Cash collateral held 103 47
Letters of credit held 112 44
Additional collateral required in the event of a credit downgrade below investment
grade 1,509 2,104
Generation entered into supply forward contracts with certain utilities, including PECO and BGE, with one-sided collateral postings
only from Generation. If market prices fall below  the benchmark price levels in these contracts, the utilities are not required to post
collateral. However , when market prices rise above the benchmark price levels, counterparty suppliers, including Generation, are
required to post collateral once certain unsecured credit limits are exceeded.
Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants’  electric supply procurement contracts do not contain provisions that would require them to post collateral.
PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL’s natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require PECO, BGE, and DPL to post
collateral in the form of cash or credit support, which vary by contract and counterparty , with thresholds contingent upon PECO’ s,
BGE, and DPL’s credit rating. As of December 31, 2019 , PECO, BGE, and DPL were not required to post collateral for any of these
agreements. If PECO, BGE or DPL lost their investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2019 , they could have been required
to post incremental collateral to its counterparties of $44 million , $50 million , and $11 million , respectively .
311
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
16. Debt and Credit Agreements  (All Registrants)
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corporate, ComEd and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper .
Generation and PECO meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and
borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily
through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-
term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool.  The
Registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding
requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
Commercial Paper
The following table reflects the Registrants' commercial paper programs supported by the revolving credit agreements and bilateral
credit agreements at December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Maximum
Program Size at
December 31,  Outstanding
Commercial
Paper at
December 31,Average Interest Rate on
Commercial Paper Borrowings for
the Year Ended December 31,
Commercial Paper Issuer 2019(a)(b)(c) 2018(a)(b)(c) 2019  2018 2019  2018
Exelon(d)$ 9,000  $ 9,000  $ 870  $ 89 2.25% 2.15%
Generation 5,300  5,300  320  — 1.84% 1.96%
ComEd 1,000  1,000  130  — 2.38% 2.14%
PECO 600  600  — — 2.39% 2.24%
BGE 600  600  76 35 2.46% 2.18%
PHI 900  900  208  54 N/A  N/A
Pepco 300  300  82 40 2.56% 2.24%
DPL 300  300  56 — 2.02% 2.07%
ACE 300  300  70 14 2.43% 2.21%
__________
(a)Excludes $1,400 million and $545 million in bilateral credit facilities at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and $159 million in credit
facilities for project finance at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. These credit facilities do not back Generation's commercial paper
program.
(b)At December 31, 2019, excludes $142 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd,
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE with aggregate commitments of $44 million, $33 million, $33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million and $8
million, respectively. These facilities expire on October 9, 2020. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. At December 31,
2018, excludes $135 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL and ACE with aggregate commitments of $49 million, $33 million, $34 million, $5 million, $5 million, $5 million, and $5 million,
respectively.
(c)Pepco, DPL and ACE's revolving credit facility has the ability to flex to $500 million, $500 million, and $350 million, respectively. The borrowing
capacity may be increased or decreased during the term of the facility, except that (i) the sum of the borrowing capacity must equal the total
amount of the facility, and (ii) the aggregate amount of credit used at any given time by each of Pepco, DPL or ACE may not exceed $900 million
or the maximum amount of short-term debt the company is permitted to have outstanding by its regulatory authorities. The total number of the
borrowing reallocations may not exceed eight per year during the term of the facility.
(d)Includes revolving credit agreement at Exelon Corporate with a maximum program size of $600 million at both December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively. Exelon Corporate had $136 million of outstanding commercial paper at December 31, 2019 and no outstanding commercial paper
at the end of 2018.
In order to maintain their respective commercial paper programs in the amounts indicated abov e, each Registrant must have credit
facilities in place, at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper program. A registrant does not issue commercial paper in an
aggregate amount exceeding the then available capacity under its credit facility .
312
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
At December 31, 2019 , the Registrants had the following aggregate bank commitments, credit facility borrowings and available
capacity under their respective credit facilities:
      Available Capacity at December 31,
2019
Borrower Facility Type  Aggregate Bank
Commitment(a)  Facility DrawsOutstanding
Letters of Credit ActualTo Support
Additional
Commercial
Paper(b)
Exelon(b)Syndicated Revolver /
Bilaterals / Project
Finance  $ 10,559  $ — $ 1,443 $ 9,116 $ 7,353
Generation Syndicated Revolver  5,300  — 769 4,531 4,211
Generation Bilaterals  1,400  — 545 855 —
Generation Project Finance  159  — 120 39 —
ComEd Syndicated Revolver  1,000  — 2 998 868
PECO Syndicated Revolver  600  — — 600 600
BGE Syndicated Revolver  600  — — 600 524
PHI Syndicated Revolver  900  — — 900 692
Pepco Syndicated Revolver  300  — — 300 218
DPL Syndicated Revolver  300  — — 300 244
ACE Syndicated Revolver  300  — — 300 230
__________
(a)Excludes $142 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL
and ACE with aggregate commitments of $44 million, $33 million, $33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million and $8 million, respectively. These
facilities expire on October 9, 2020. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. As of December 31, 2019, letters of credit issued
under these facilities totaled $5 million, $5 million, $2 million for Generation, ComEd, and BGE, respectively.
(b)Includes $600 million aggregate bank commitment related to Exelon Corporate. Exelon Corporate had $6 million and $9 million outstanding
letters of credit at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Exelon Corporate had $458 million in available capacity to support additional
commercial paper at December 31, 2019.
313
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
The following tables present the short-term borrowings activity for Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE during 2019  and 2018 .
December 31, 2019 Exelon(a) Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Average borrowings $ 472$ 13$ 236$ — $103 N/A$ 45$ 21$ 51
Maximum borrowings outstanding 890 357 465 21 298 N/A 144 125 180
Average interest rates, computed on a
daily basis 2.25% 1.84% 2.38% 2.39% 2.46% N/A 2.56% 2.02% 2.43%
Average interest rates, at
December 31 2.25% 1.84% 2.38% 2.39% 2.46% N/A 2.56% 2.02% 2.43%
     
December 31, 2018 Exelon(a) Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Average borrowings $ 531$ 37$ 154$ 68$ 65 N/A$ 22$ 87$ 95
Maximum borrowings outstanding 1,237 583 520 350 239 N/A 90 245 210
Average interest rates, computed on a
daily basis 2.21% 1.96% 2.14% 2.24% 2.18% N/A 2.24% 2.07% 2.21%
Average interest rates, at
December 31 2.15% 1.96% 2.14% 2.24% 2.18% N/A 2.24% 2.07% 2.21%
__________
(a)Includes $3 million and $4 million average borrowings related to Exelon Corporate at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Exelon
Corporate had $144 million and $95 million maximum borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, with 1.92% and 1.93% average
interest rates computed on a daily basis for 2019 and 2018, and 1.92% and 1.93% average interest rates at December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively.
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a term loan agreement for $500 million, which was renewed on March 22, 2018
with an expiration of March 21, 2019.  The loan agreement was renewed on March 20, 2019 and will expire on March 19, 2020.
Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.95% and all
indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheet within Short-T erm
borrowings.
Revolving Credit Agreements
On May 26, 2016, Exelon Corporate, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE entered into amendments to each of their respective
syndicated revolving credit facilities, which extended the maturity of each of the facilities to May 26, 2021. Exelon Corporate also
increased the size of its facility from $500 million  to $600 million . On May 26, 2016, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE entered into an
amendment to their Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011, which (i) extended the maturity
date of the facility to May 26, 2021, (ii) removed PHI as a borrower under the facility , (iii) decreased the size of the facility from $1.5
billion  to $900 million  and (iv) aligned its financial covenant from debt to capitalization leverage ratio to interest coverage ratio. On
May 26, 2018, each of the Registrants' respectiv e syndicated revolving credit facilities had their maturity dates extended to May 26,
2023.
314
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Bilateral Credit Agreements
The following table reflects the bilateral credit agreements at December 31, 2019 :
Registrant Date Initiated  Latest Amendment Date  Maturity Date(a) Amount
Generation(b)October 26, 2012  October 24, 2019  October 24, 2020  $ 200
Generation(c)January 11, 2013  January 4, 2019  March 1, 2021  100
Generation(c)January 5, 2016  January 4, 2019  April 5, 2021  150
Generation(c)February 21, 2019  N/A  March 31, 2021  100
Generation(c)October 25, 2019  N/A  N/A  200
Generation(c)October 25, 2019  N/A  N/A  100
Generation(c)November 20, 2019  N/A  N/A  300
Generation(c)November 21, 2019  N/A  November 21, 2020  150
Generation(c)November 21, 2019  N/A  November 21, 2021  100
__________
(a)Credit facilities that do not contain a maturity date are specific to the agreements set within each contract. In some instances, credit facilities are
automatically renewed based on the contingency standards set within the specific agreement.
(b)Bilateral credit facility relates to CENG, which is incorporated within Generation, and supports the issuance of letters of credit and funding for
working capital and does not back Generation's commercial paper program.
(c)Bilateral credit agreements solely support the issuance of letters of credit and do not back Generation's commercial paper program.
Borrowings under Exelon Corporate’ s, Gener ation’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's revolving credit
agreements bear interest at a rate based upon either the prime rate or a LIBOR-based rate, plus an adder based upon the particular
Registrant’ s credit rating. The adders for the prime based borrowings and LIBOR-based borrowings are presented in the following
table:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  Pepco DPL  ACE
Prime based borrowings 27.5  27.5 7.5 — — 7.5 7.5 7.5
LIBOR-based borrowings 127.5  127.5 107.5  90.0 100.0  107.5 107.5  107.5
If any registrant loses its investment grade rating , the maximum adders for prime rate borrowings  and LIBOR-based rate borrowings
would be 65 basis points  and 165 basis points . The credit agreements also require the borrower to pay a facility fee based upon the
aggregate commitments. The fee varies depending upon the respective credit ratings of the borrower .
Variable Rate Demand Bonds
DPL has outstanding obligations in respect of Variable Rate Demand Bonds (VRDB). VRDB s are subject to repayment on the
demand of the holders and, for this reason, are accounted for as short-term debt in accordance with GAAP . However , these bonds
may be converted to a fixed-rate, fixed-term option to establish a maturity which corresponds  to the date of final maturity of the
bonds. On this basis, PHI views VRDBs as a source of long-term financing. As of both December 31, 2019  and December 31, 2018 ,
$79 million in variable rate demand bonds issued by DPL were outstanding and are included in the Long-term debt due within one
year in Exelon's, PHI's and DPL's Consolidated Balance Sheet.
315
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Long-T erm Debt 
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt at the Registrants as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
Exelon
   
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt     
First mortgage bonds(a)1.70%- 7.90% 2020 - 2049 $ 17,486  $ 16,496
Senior unsecured notes 2.45%- 7.60% 2020 - 2046 10,685  11,285
Unsecured notes 2.40%- 6.35% 2021 - 2049 3,300  2,900
Pollution control notes 2.50%- 2.70% 2025 - 2036 412  435
Nuclear fuel procurement contracts  3.15% 2020 3 39
Notes payable and other 2.53%- 7.99% 2020 - 2053 154  188
Junior subordinated notes 3.50% 2022 1,150  1,150
Long-term software licensing agreement  3.95% 2024 55 73
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds(b)1.63%- 5.40% 2022 - 2031 222  112
Medium-T erms Notes (unsecured) 7.61%- 7.72% 2027 10 22
Transition bonds  5.55% 2023 40 59
Loan Agreement  2.00% 2023 50 50
Nonrecourse debt:     
     Fixed rates 2.29%- 6.00% 2031 - 2037 1,182  1,253
     Variable rates 3.18%- 4.91% 2020 - 2024 811  849
Total long-term debt   35,560  34,911
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net   (72) (66)
Unamortized debt issuance costs   (214) (216)
Fair value adjustment   765  795
Long-term debt due within one year   (4,710 ) (1,349 )
Long-term debt   $ 31,329  $ 34,075
Long-term debt to financing trusts(c)     
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III  6.35% 2033 $ 206  $ 206
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 6.75%- 7.38% 2028 81 81
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV  5.75% 2033 103  103
Total long-term debt to financing trusts   390  390
Unamortized debt issuance costs   — —
Long-term debt to financing trusts   $ 390  $ 390
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets other than expressly excepted property and substantially all of PECO’s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's assets
are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)Bond amount totaling $110 million was previously disclosed within the first mortgage bonds line item, as it was classified as a secured tax-
exempt bond. In 2019, the callable bond was reissued as an unsecured tax-exempt bond, and is presented as such within this section.
(c)Amounts owed to these financing trusts are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
316
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Generation
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt        
Senior unsecured notes 2.95%- 7.60% 2020 - 2042 $ 5,420  $ 6,019
Pollution control notes 2.50%- 2.70% 2025 - 2036 412  435
Nuclear fuel procurement contracts  3.15% 2020 3 39
Notes payable and other 2.53%- 4.26% 2020 - 2028 115  164
Nonrecourse debt:        
Fixed rates 2.29%- 6.00% 2031 - 2037 1,182  1,253
Variable rates 3.18%- 4.91% 2020 - 2024 811  849
Total long-term debt      7,943  8,759
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      (5) (6)
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (42) (51)
Fair value adjustment      78 91
Long-term debt due within one year      (3,182 ) (906)
Long-term debt      $ 4,792  $ 7,887
ComEd
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt       
First mortgage bonds(a)2.55%- 6.45% 2020 - 2049 $ 8,578  $ 8,179
Notes payable and other  7.49% 2053 8 8
Total long-term debt     8,586  8,187
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net     (27) (23)
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (68) (63)
Long-term debt due within one year     (500) (300)
Long-term debt     $ 7,991  $ 7,801
Long-term debt to financing trust(b)       
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III   6.35% 2033 $ 206  $ 206
Total long-term debt to financing trusts     206  206
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (1) (1)
Long-term debt to financing trusts     $ 205  $ 205
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets, other than expressly excepted property, are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amount owed to this financing trust is recorded as Long-term debt to financing trust within ComEd’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
317
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
PECO
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt       
First mortgage bonds(a)1.70%- 5.95% 2021 - 2049 $ 3,400  $ 3,075
Loan Agreement   2.00% 2023 50 50
Total long-term debt     3,450  3,125
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net     (21) (18)
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (24) (23)
Long-term debt     $ 3,405  $ 3,084
Long-term debt to financing trusts(b)       
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 6.75%- 7.38% 2028 $ 81 $ 81
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV   5.75% 2033 103  103
Long-term debt to financing trusts     $ 184  $ 184
__________
(a)Substantially all of PECO’s assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amounts owed to this financing trust are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within PECO’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
BGE
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt        
Unsecured notes 2.40%- 6.35% 2021 - 2049 $ 3,300  $ 2,900
Total long-term debt      3,300  2,900
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      (9) (6)
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (21) (18)
Long-term debt      $ 3,270  $ 2,876
318
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
PHI
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt        
First mortgage bonds(a)1.76%- 7.90% 2021 - 2049 $ 5,508  $ 5,242
Senior unsecured notes  7.45% 2032 185  185
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds(b)1.63%- 5.40% 2022 - 2031 222  112
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.61%- 7.72% 2027 10 22
Transition bonds(c)5.55% 2023 40 59
Notes payable and other 3.54%- 7.99% 2021 - 2027 30 16
Total long-term debt      5,995 5,636
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      4 4
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (19) (14)
Fair value adjustment      583  633
Long-term debt due within one year      (103) (125)
Long-term debt      $ 6,460 $ 6,134
_________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
(b)Bond amount totaling $110 million was previously disclosed within the first mortgage bonds line item, as it was classified as a secured tax-
exempt bond. In 2019, the callable bond was reissued as an unsecured tax-exempt bond, and is presented as such within this section.
(c)Transition bonds are recorded as part of Long-term debt within ACE's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Pepco
  
Maturity
Date  December 31,
Rates 2019  2018
Long-term debt     
First mortgage bonds(a)3.05%- 7.90% 2022 - 2048  $2,775  $2,735
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds(b)  1.70% 2022  110  —
Notes payable and other 3.54%- 7.99% 2021 - 2027  12 16
Total long-term debt    2,897 2,751
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net    2 2
Unamortized debt issuance costs    (35) (34)
Long-term debt due within one year    (2) (15)
Long-term debt    $2,862 $2,704
__________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
(b)Bond amount totaling $110 million was previously disclosed within the first mortgage bonds line item, as it was classified as a secured tax-
exempt bond. In 2019, the callable bond was reissued as an unsecured tax-exempt bond, and is presented as such within this section.
319
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
DPL
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt        
First mortgage bonds(a)1.76%- 4.27% 2023 - 2049 $ 1,446  $ 1,370
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.63%- 5.40% 2024 - 2031 112  112
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.61%- 7.72% 2027 10 22
Other   3.54% 2027 10 —
Total long-term debt      1,578 1,504
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      1 2
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (12) (12)
Long-term debt due within one year      (80) (91)
Long-term debt      $ 1,487 $ 1,403
__________
(a)Substantially all of DPL's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
ACE
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2019  2018
Long-term debt        
First mortgage bonds(a) 3.38%- 6.80% 2021 - 2049 $ 1,287  $ 1,137
Transition bonds(b)  5.55% 2023 40 59
Other   3.54% 2027 8 —
Total long-term debt      $ 1,335 $ 1,196
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      (1) (1)
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (7) (7)
Long-term debt due within one year      (20) (18)
Long-term debt      $ 1,307 $ 1,170
__________
(a)Substantially all of ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
(b)Maturities of ACE's Transition Bonds outstanding at December 31, 2019 are $19 million in 2020 and $21 million in 2021.
320
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Long-term debt maturities at Exelon, Generation , ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE in the periods 2020  throug h 2024
and thereafter are as follows:
Year Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
2020 $4,710  $ 3,182 $ 500 $ — $ — $ 103 $ 2$ 80 $ 20
2021 1,517  2 350 300 300  265 2 2 261
2022 3,088  1,024 — 350 250  314 311 2 1
2023 855  1 — 50 300  504 1 502  1
2024 1,596  792 250 — — 553 401 1 151
Thereafter 24,184(a)  2,942 7,691(b) 2,934(c) 2,450  4,256 2,180 991  901
Total $35,950  $ 7,943 $8,791 $3,634 $3,300 $5,995 $2,897 $1,578 $1,335
__________
(a)Includes $390 million due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Includes $206 million due to ComEd financing trust.
(c)Includes $184 million due to PECO financing trusts.
Debt Covenants
As of Decem ber 31, 2019, the Registrants are in compliance with debt covenants, except for Antelope Valley's nonrecourse debt
event of default as discussed below .
Nonrecourse Debt 
Exelon and Generation have issued nonrecourse  debt financing, in which approximately $2.8 billion of generating assets have been
pledged as collateral at December 31, 2019 . Borrowings  under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each
respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon or Generation in the event of a default. If a specific project
financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific nonrecourse debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement
to accelerate  repayment of the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. In these instances, if such
repayment was not satisfied, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific
assets and related collateral. The potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise
anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly
before the end of their useful lives.
Antelope Valley Solar Ranch One. In Decembe r 2011, the DOE Loan Programs Office issued a guarantee for up to $646 million
for a nonrecourse loan from the Federal Financing Bank to support the financing of the construction of the Antelope Valley facility .
The project became fully operational in 2014. The loan will mature on January 5, 2037. Interest rates on the loan were fixed upon
each advanc e at a spread of 37.5 basis points above U.S. Treasuries of compara ble maturity . The advances were completed as of
December 31, 2015 and the outstanding loan balance will bear interest at an average blended interest rate of 2.82%. As of
December 31, 2019 , approximat ely $485 million  was outstanding. In addition, Generation has issued letters of credit to support its
equity invest ment in the project. As of December 31, 2019 , Generation  had $38 million in letters of credit outstanding related to the
project. In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Antelope Valley were also contributed to and are pledged as collateral for the EGR IV
financing structure referenced below .
Antelope Valley sells all of its output to PG&E through a PPA. On January 29, 2019, PG&E filed for protection under Chapter 11 of
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which created an event of default for Antelope Valley’ s nonrecourse debt that provides the lender with a
right to accelerate amou nts outstanding under the loan such that they would become immediately due and payable. As a result of
the ongoing event of default and the absence of a waiver from the lender foregoing their acceleration rights, the debt was
reclassified as current in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets in the first quarter of 2019 and continues to be
classified as current as of December 31, 2019 . Further , distributions from Antelope V alley to EGR IV are currently suspended.
Continental Wind.    In September 2013, Continental Wind, LLC (Continental Wind), an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and
Generation, completed the issuance and sale of $613 million  senior secured notes. Continental Wind owns
321
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements
and operates a portfolio of wind farms in Idaho, Kansas, Michigan, Oregon, New Mexico and Texas with a total net capacity of
667MW. The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for its general business purposes. The notes are scheduled to mature on
February 28, 2033. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.00% with interest payable semi-annually . As of December 31, 2019 ,
$447 million  was outstanding.
In addition, Continental Wind entered into a $131 million letter of credit facility and $10 million working capital revolver facility .
Continental Wind has issued letters of credit to satisfy certain of its credit support and security obligations. As of December 31, 2019 ,
the Continental Wind letter of credit facility had $115 million  in letters of credit outstanding related to the project.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Continental Wind were contributed to EGRP . Refer to Note 22 - Variable Interest Entities  for
additional information on EGRP .
Renewable Power Generation.    In March 2016, RPG, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, issued $150 million
aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured notes.  The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for paydown of
long term debt obligation s at Sacramento PV Energy and Constellation Solar Horizons and for general business purposes.  The loan
is scheduled to mature on March 31, 2035.  The term loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.11% payab le semi-annually .  As of
December 31, 2019 , $106 million  was outstanding.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Renewable Power Generation were contributed to EGRP . Refer to Note 22 - Variable Interest
Entities  for additional information on EGRP .
SolGen.     In September 2016, SolGen, LLC (SolGen), an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Gene ration, issued $150 millio n
aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured notes.  The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for general
business purposes.  The loan is scheduled to mature on September 30, 2036.  The term loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.93%
payable semi-annually .  As of December 31, 2019 , $131 millio n was outstan ding. In 2017, Generation’ s interests in SolGen were
also contributed to and are pledged as collateral for the EGR IV financing structure referenced below .
ExGen Renewables IV.    In November 2017, EGR IV, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, entered into an $850 million
nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility agreement. Generation’ s interests in EGRP, Antelope Valley, SolGen, and
Albany Gree n Energy were all contributed to and are pledged as collateral for this financing. The net proceeds of $785 million, after
the initial funding of $50 million for debt service and liquidity reserves as well as deductions for original discount and estimated costs,
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the execution and delivery of the credit facility agreement, were distributed to
Generation for general corporate purposes. The $50 million of debt service and liquidity reserves was treated as restricted cash in
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The loan is scheduled to
mature on November 28, 2024. The term loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR + 3%, subject to a 1% LIBOR floor
with interest payable quarterly . As of December 31, 2019 , $796 million  was outstan ding. In addition to the financing, EGR IV entered
into interest rate swaps with an initial notional amount of $636 million  at an interest rate of 2.32% to manage a portion of the interest
rate exposure in connection with the financing.
Although Antelope Valley’ s debt is in default, it is nonrecourse to EGR IV. However , if in the future Antelope Valley were to file for
bankruptcy protection as a result of events culminating from PG&E’ s bankruptcy proceedings  this would represent an event of
default for EGR IV’s debt that would provide the lender with an opportunity to accelerate EGR  IV’s debt. See Note 22 - Variable
Interest Entities  for additional information on EGRP .
17. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities  (All Registrants)
Exelon measure and records fair value measuremen ts in accordance with the hierarchy as defined by GAAP . The hierar chy
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels as follows:
•Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Registrants have the
ability to liquidate as of the reporting date.
•Level 2 — inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the asset or liability or
indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.
322
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
•Level 3 — unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models or third-party valuations for the asset or
liability due to little or no market activity for the asset or liability .
Fair V alue of Financial Liabilities Recorded at the Carrying Amount
The following tables present the carrying amounts and fair values of the Registrants’  short-te rm liabilities, long-term debt, SNF
obligation, and trust preferred securities (long-te rm debt to financing trusts or junior subordinate d debentures) as of December 31,
2019  and 2018 . The Registrants have no financial liabilities classified as Level 1.
The carrying amounts of the Registrants’  short-term liabilities as presented on their Consolidated Balance Sheets are representative
of their fair value (Level 2) because of the short-term nature of these instruments.
 December 31, 2019  December 31, 2018
 Carrying
Amount Fair Value  Carrying
AmountFair Value
  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year(a)
Exelon $ 36,039 $ 37,453 $ 2,580 $ 40,033 $ 35,424$ 33,711$ 2,158$ 35,869
Generation 7,974 7,304 1,366 8,670 8,793 7,467 1,443 8,910
ComEd 8,491 9,848 — 9,848 8,101 8,390 — 8,390
PECO 3,405 3,868 50 3,918 3,084 3,157 50 3,207
BGE 3,270 3,649 — 3,649 2,876 2,950 — 2,950
PHI 6,563 5,902 1,164 7,066 6,259 5,436 665 6,101
Pepco 2,864 3,198 388 3,586 2,719 2,901 196 3,097
DPL 1,567 1,408 311 1,719 1,494 1,303 193 1,496
ACE 1,327 1,026 464 1,490 1,188 987 275 1,262
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts(a)
Exelon $ 390 $ — $ 428 $ 428 $ 390$ — $ 400$ 400
ComEd 205 — 227 227 205 — 209 209
PECO 184 — 201 201 184 — 191 191
SNF Obligation
Exelon $ 1,199 $ 1,055 $ — $ 1,055 $ 1,171$ 949$ — $ 949
Generation 1,199 1,055 — 1,055 1,171 949 — 949
________
(a) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs which are not fair valued. Refer to Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements for each Registrants’
unamortized debt issuance costs.
Exelon uses the following methods and assumptions to estimate fair value of financial liabilities recorded at carrying cost:
323
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Type Level Registrants Valuation
Long-term debt, including amounts due within one year
Taxable Debt Securities 2 AllThe fair value is determined by a valuation model that is based on a
conventional discounted cash flow methodology and utilizes assumptions
of current market pricing curves. Exelon obtains credit spreads based on
trades of existing Exelon debt securities as well as other issuers in the
utility sector with similar credit ratings. The yields are then converted into
discount rates of various tenors that are used for discounting the
respective cash flows of the same tenor for each bond or note.
Variable Rate Financing
Debt2Exelon, Generation,
DPLDebt rates are reset on a regular basis and the carrying value
approximates fair value.
Taxable Private
Placement Debt
Securities3Exelon, Pepco,
DPL, ACERates are obtained similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due
to low trading volume and qualitative factors such as market conditions,
low volume of investors and investor demand, these debt securities are
Level 3.
Government Backed
Fixed Rate Project
Financing Debt3 Exelon, GenerationThe fair value is similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due to
the lack of market trading data on similar debt, the discount rates are
derived based on the original loan interest rate spread to the applicable
U.S. Treasury rate as well as a current market curve derived from
government-backed securities.
Non-Government
Backed Fixed Rate
Nonrecourse Debt3Exelon, Generation,
PepcoFair value is based on market and quoted prices for its own and other
nonrecourse debt with similar risk profiles. Given the low trading volume
in the nonrecourse debt market, the price quotes used to determine fair
value will reflect certain qualitative factors, such as market conditions,
investor demand, new developments that might significantly impact the
project cash flows or of f-taker credit, and other circumstances related to
the project
Long Term Debt to
Financing Trusts3Exelon, ComEd,
PECOFair value is based on publicly traded securities issued by the financing
trusts. Due to low trading volume of these securities and qualitative
factors, such as market conditions, investor demand, and circumstances
related to each issue, this debt is classified as Level 3.
SNF Obligation 2 Exelon, GenerationThe carrying amount is derived from a contract with the DOE to provide
for disposal of SNF from Generation’ s nuclear generating stations. When
determining the fair value of the obligation, the future carrying amount of
the SNF obligation is calculated by compounding the current book value
of the SNF obligation at the 13-week U.S. Treasury rate. The
compounded obligation amount is discounted back to present value
using Gene ration’ s discount rate, which is calculated using the same
methodology as described above for the taxable debt securities, and an
estimated maturity date of 2030.
324
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Recurring Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present assets and liabiliti es measured and recorded at fair value in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Exelon Generation
As of December 31, 2019Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject
to leveling Total
Assets          
Cash equivalents(a) $ 639 $ — $ — $ — $ 639 $ 214 $ — $ — $ — $ 214
NDT fund investments          
Cash equivalents(b) 365 87 — — 452 365 87 — — 452
Equities 3,353 1,753 — 1,388 6,494 3,353 1,753 — 1,388 6,494
Fixed income       
Corporate debt — 1,469 257 — 1,726 — 1,469 257 — 1,726
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 1,808 131 — — 1,939 1,808 131 — — 1,939
Foreign
governments — 42 — — 42 — 42 — — 42
State and
municipal debt — 90 — — 90 — 90 — — 90
Other(c) — 33 — 953 986 — 33 — 953 986
Fixed income
subtotal 1,808 1,765 257 953 4,783 1,808 1,765 257 953 4,783
Private credit — — 254 508 762 — — 254 508 762
Private equity — — — 402 402 — — — 402 402
Real estate — — — 607 607 — — — 607 607
NDT fund
investments
subtotal(d) 5,526 3,605 511 3,858 13,500 5,526 3,605 511 3,858 13,500
Rabbi trust investments       
Cash equivalents 50 — — — 50 4 — — — 4
Mutual funds 81 — — — 81 25 — — — 25
Fixed income — 12 — — 12 — — — — —
Life insurance
contracts — 78 41 — 119 — 25 — — 25
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal 131 90 41 — 262 29 25 — — 54
Commodity derivative
assets       
Economic hedges 768 2,491 1,485 — 4,744 768 2,491 1,485 — 4,744
Proprietary trading — 37 60 — 97 — 37 60 — 97
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e)(f) (908) (2,162) (588) — (3,658) (908) (2,162) (588) — (3,658)
Commodity
derivative assets
subtotal (140) 366 957 — 1,183 (140) 366 957 — 1,183
Total assets 6,156 4,061 1,509 3,858 15,584 5,629 3,996 1,468 3,858 14,951
325
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
 Exelon Generation
As of December 31, 2019 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject
to leveling Total
Liabilities       
Commodity derivative
liabilities       
Economic hedges (1,071) (2,855) (1,228) — (5,154) (1,071) (2,855) (927) — (4,853)
Proprietary trading — (34) (15) — (49) — (34) (15) — (49)
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e)(f) 1,071 2,714 802 — 4,587 1,071 2,714 802 — 4,587
Commodity
derivative liabilities
subtotal — (175) (441) — (616) — (175) (140) — (315)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (147) — — (147) — (41) — — (41)
Total liabilities — (322) (441) — (763) — (216) (140) — (356)
Total net assets $6,156 $3,739 $1,068 $ 3,858 $14,821 $5,629 $3,780 $1,328 $ 3,858 $14,595
 Exelon Generation
As of December 31, 2018Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Assets            
Cash equivalents(a) $1,243 $ — $ — $ — $ 1,243 $ 581 $ — $ — $ — $ 581
NDT fund investments           
Cash equivalents(b) 252 86 — — 338 252 86 — — 338
Equities 2,918 1,591 — 1,381 5,890 2,918 1,591 — 1,381 5,890
Fixed income     
Corporate debt — 1,593 230 — 1,823 — 1,593 230 — 1,823
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 2,081 99 — — 2,180 2,081 99 — — 2,180
Foreign
governments — 50 — — 50 — 50 — — 50
State and
municipal debt — 149 — — 149 — 149 — — 149
Other(c) — 30 — 846 876 — 30 — 846 876
Fixed income
subtotal 2,081 1,921 230 846 5,078 2,081 1,921 230 846 5,078
Private credit — — 313 367 680 — — 313 367 680
Private equity — — — 329 329 — — — 329 329
Real estate — — — 510 510 — — — 510 510
NDT fund
investments
subtotal(d) 5,251 3,598 543 3,433 12,825 5,251 3,598 543 3,433 12,825
326
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
 Exelon  Generation
As of December 31, 2018 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Rabbi trust investments      
Cash equivalents 48 — — — 48 5 — — — 5
Mutual funds 72 — — — 72 24 — — — 24
Fixed income — 15 — — 15 — — — — —
Life insurance
contracts — 70 38 — 108 — 22 — — 22
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal 120 85 38 — 243 29 22 — — 51
Commodity derivative
assets          
Economic hedges 541 2,760 1,470 — 4,771 541 2,760 1,470 — 4,771
Proprietary trading — 69 77 — 146 — 69 77 — 146
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e)(f) (582) (2,357) (732) — (3,671) (582) (2,357) (732) — (3,671)
Commodity
derivative assets
subtotal (41) 472 815 — 1,246 (41) 472 815 — 1,246
Total assets 6,573 4,155 1,396 3,433 15,557 5,820 4,092 1,358 3,433 14,703
Liabilities      
Commodity derivative
liabilities      
Economic hedges (642) (2,963) (1,276) — (4,881) (642) (2,963) (1,027) — (4,632)
Proprietary trading — (73) (21) — (94) — (73) (21) — (94)
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e)(f) 639 2,581 808 — 4,028 639 2,581 808 — 4,028
Commodity
derivative
liabilities subtotal (3) (455) (489) — (947) (3) (455) (240) — (698)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (137) — — (137) — (35) — — (35)
Total liabilities (3) (592) (489) — (1,084) (3) (490) (240) — (733)
Total net assets $6,570 $3,563 $ 907 $ 3,433 $14,473 $5,817 $3,602 $1,118 $ 3,433 $13,970
__________
(a)Exelon excludes cash of $373 million and $458 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and restricted cash of $110 million and
$80 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $177 million and $185 million at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generation
excludes cash of $177 million and $283 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively and restricted cash of $58 million and $39 million
at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
(b)Includes $90 million and $50 million of cash received from outstanding repurchase agreements at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively,
and is offset by an obligation to repay upon settlement of the agreement as discussed in (d) below.
(c)Includes derivative instruments of $2 million and $44 million, which have a total notional amount of $724 million and $1,432 million at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction
volume outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the amount of the company's exposure to credit or market loss.
(d)Excludes net liabilities of $147 million and $130 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. These items consist of receivables related
to pending securities sales, interest and dividend receivables, repurchase agreement obligations, and payables related to pending securities
purchases. The repurchase agreements are generally short-term in nature with durations generally of 30 days or less.
(e)Collateral posted/(received) from counterparties totaled $163 million, $551 million and $214 million allocated to Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3
mark-to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2019. Collateral posted/(received) from
327
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
counterparties totaled $57 million, $224 million and $76 million allocated to Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 mark-to-market derivatives,
respectively, as of December 31, 2018.
(f)Of the collateral posted/(received), $511 million and $(94) million represents variation margin on the exchanges as of December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively.
As of December 31, 2019 , Generation  has outstanding commitments to invest in fixed income, private credit, private equit y and real
estate investments of approximately $85 million , $166 million , $375 million  and $427 million , respectively . These commitments will
be funded by Generation’ s existing NDT  funds.
Exelon and Generation hold investments without readily determinable fair values with carrying amounts of $69 million  as of
December 31, 2019 . Changes were immaterial in fair value, cumulative adjustments and impairments for the year ended
December 31, 2019 .
 ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2019 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total
Assets           
Cash equivalents(a) $280 $ — $ — $280 $ 15 $ — $ — $ 15 $ — $ — $ — $ —
Rabbi trust investments          
Mutual funds — — — — 8 — — 8 8 — — 8
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 11 — 11 — — — —
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal — — — — 8 11 — 19 8 — — 8
Total assets 280 — — 280 23 11 — 34 8 — — 8
Liabilities  
Deferred compensation
obligation — (8) — (8) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities(b) — — (301) (301) — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (8) (301) (309) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $280 $ (8)$(301)$(29)$ 23 $ 2 $ — $ 25 $ 8 $ (5)$ — $ 3
328
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
 ComEd PECO  BGE
As of December 31, 2018 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total  Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total
Assets            
Cash equivalents(a) $209 $ — $ — $209 $111 $ — $ — $111 $ 4 $ — $ — $ 4
Rabbi trust investments           
Mutual funds — — — — 7 — — 7 6 — — 6
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 10 — 10 — — — —
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal — — — — 7 10 — 17 6 — — 6
Total assets 209 — — 209 118 10 — 128 10 — — 10
Liabilities    
Deferred compensation
obligation — (6) — (6) — (10) — (10) — (5) — (5)
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities(b) — — (249) (249) — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (6) (249) (255) — (10) — (10) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $209 $ (6)$(249)$(46)$118 $ — $ — $118 $ 10 $ (5)$ — $ 5
__________
(a)ComEd excludes cash of $90 million and $93 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018 and restricted cash of $33 million and $28 million at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $163 million and $166 million at December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  PECO excludes cash of $12 million and $24
million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  BGE excludes cash of $24 million and $7 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively, and restricted cash of $1 million and $2 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(b)The Level 3 balance consists of the current and noncurrent liability of $32 million and $269 million, respectively, at December 31, 2019, and $26
million and $223 million, respectively, at December 31, 2018, related to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
As of December 31, 2019 As of December 31, 2018
PHI Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets     
Cash equivalents(a)$ 124$ — $ — $ 124$ 147$ — $ — $ 147
Rabbi trust investments     
Cash equivalents 44 — — 44 42 — — 42
Mutual Funds 14 — — 14 13 — — 13
Fixed income — 12 — 12 — 15 — 15
Life insurance contracts — 24 41 65 — 22 38 60
Rabbi trust investments subtotal(b) 58 36 41 135 55 37 38 130
Total assets 182 36 41 259 202 37 38 277
Liabilities     
Deferred compensation obligation — (19) — (19) — (21) — (21)
Total liabilities — (19) — (19) — (21) — (21)
Total net assets $ 182$ 17 $ 41$ 240$ 202$ 16 $ 38$ 256
329
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
 Pepco  DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2019 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total  Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total
Assets             
Cash equivalents(a) $ 34 $ — $ — $ 34 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 16 $ — $ — $ 16
Rabbi trust investments          
Cash equivalents 43 — — 43 — — — — — — — —
Fixed income — 2 — 2 — — — — — — — —
Life insurance
contracts — 24 41 65 — — — — — — — —
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 43 26 41 110 — — — — — — — —
Total assets 77 26 41 144 — — — — 16 — — 16
Liabilities             
Deferred compensation
obligation — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — —
Total net assets $ 77 $ 24 $ 41 $142 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 16 $ — $ — $ 16
 Pepco  DPL  ACE
As of December 31, 2018Level 1 Level 2  Level 3 Total Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Total Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets            
Cash equivalents(a) $ 38 $ — $ — $38 $ 16 $ — $ — $16 $ 23 $ — $ — $23
Rabbi trust investments           
Cash equivalents 41 — — 41 — — — — — — — —
Fixed income — 5 — 5 — — — — — — — —
Life insurance contracts — 22 37 59 — — — — — — — —
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 41 27 37 105 — — — — — — — —
Total assets 79 27 37 143 16 — — 16 23 — — 23
Liabilities            
Deferred compensation
obligation — (3) — (3) — (1) — (1) — — — —
Total liabilities — (3) — (3) — (1) — (1) — — — —
Total net assets $ 79 $ 24 $ 37 $140 $ 16 $ (1)$ — $15 $ 23 $ — $ — $23
__________
(a)PHI excludes cash of $57 million and $39 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and includes long term restricted cash of $14
million and $19 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets.  Pepco excludes cash of $29 million and $15 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. DPL excludes cash of $13 million
and $8 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. ACE excludes cash of $12 million and $7 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $14 million and $19 million at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which is
reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
330
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The following tables present the fair value reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities measur ed at fair value on a recurring basis
during the years ended December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Exelon  Generation  ComEd  PHI and Pepco  
For the year ended December 31, 2019 Total  NDT Fund
Investments Mark-to-Market
Derivatives Total Generation Mark-to-Market
Derivatives Life Insurance
ContractsEliminated in
Consolidation
Balance as of January 1, 2019 $ 907 $ 543 $ 575 $ 1,118 $ (249) $ 38 $ —
Total realized / unrealized gains
(losses)        
Included in net income (23) 5 (31)(a) (26) — 3 —
Included in noncurrent
payables to affiliates — 34 — 34 — — (34)
Included in regulatory
assets/liabilities (18) — — — (52)(b) — 34
Change in collateral 138 — 138 138 — — —
Purchases, sales, issuances and
settlements        
Purchases 176 44 132 176 — — —
Sales (23) (21) (2) (23) — — —
Settlements (89) (94) 5 (89) — — —
Transfers into Level 3 5 — 5(c) 5 — — —
Transfers out of Level 3 (5) — (5)(c) (5) — — —
Balance as of December 31, 2019$ 1,068 $ 511 $ 817 $ 1,328 $ (301) $ 41 $ —
The amount of total gains (losses)
included in income attributed to
the change in unrealized (losses)
gains related to assets and
liabilities held as of December 31,
2019 $ 359 $ 5 $ 351 $ 356 $ — $ 3 $ —
331
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
ExelonGenerationComEd PHI and Pepco  
For the year ended December 31, 2018 TotalNDT Fund
Investments Mark-to-Market
Derivatives Total GenerationMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts Eliminated in
Consolidation
Balance as of January 1, 2018 $ 966 $ 648 $ 552 $ 1,200 $ (256) $ 22 $ —
Total realized / unrealized gains
(losses)   
Included in net income (101) — (105)(a) (105) — 4 —
Included in noncurrent
payables to affiliates — (1) — (1) — — 1
Included in regulatory
assets/liabilities 6 — — — 7(b) — (1)
Change in collateral (5) — (5) (5) — — —
Purchases, sales, issuances and
settlements    
Purchases 226 36 190 226 — — —
Sales (4) — (4) (4) — — —
Settlements (123) (140) 5 (135) — 12 —
Transfers into Level 3 (22) — (22)(c) (22) — — —
Transfers out of Level 3 (36) — (36)(c) (36) — — —
Balance as of December 31, 2018$ 907 $ 543 $ 575 $ 1,118 $ (249) $ 38 $ —
The amount of total gains (losses)
included in income attributed to
the change in unrealized gains
(losses) related to assets and
liabilities held as of December 31,
2018 $ 160 $ (5)$ 165 $ 160 $ — $ — $ —
__________
(a)Includes a reduction for the reclassification of $377 million and $265 million of realized gains due to the settlement of derivative contracts for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(b)Includes $78 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $26 million recorded in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2019. Includes $24
million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $17 million recorded in purchased power expense
associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2018.
(c)Transfers into and out of Level 3 generally occur when the contract tenor becomes less and more observable respectively, primarily due to
changes in market liquidity or assumptions for certain commodity contracts.
The followin g tables present the income statement classification of the total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
income for Level 3 asset s and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2019  and
2018 :
 Exelon GenerationPHI and
Pepco
 Operating
Revenues Purchased
Power and
Fuel Operating and
Maintenance Other, netOperating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel Other, netOperating and
Maintenance
Total gains (losses) included in net
income for the year ended
December 31, 2019 $ 219 $ (245) $ 3 $ 5$ 219$ (245)$ 5$ 3
Change in the unrealized gains
(losses) relating to assets and
liabilities held for the year ended
December 31, 2019 546 (195) 3 5 546 (195) 5 3
332
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
 Exelon  GenerationPHI and
Pepco
 Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel  Operating and
Maintenance Other, net Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel  Other, netOperating and
Maintenance
Total (losses) gains included in net
income for the year ended
December 31, 2018 $ (7)$ (93) $ 4$ 3 $ (7)$ (93) $ 3 $ 4
Change in the unrealized gains
(losses) relating to assets and
liabilities held for the year ended
December 31, 2018 144 21 — (2) 144 21 (2) —
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
Cash Equivalents (All Registrants).  Investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, including mutual
and money market funds, are considered cash equivalents. The fair values are based on obser vable market prices and, therefore,
are included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1.
NDT Fund Investments (Exelon and Generation). The trust fund investments have been established to satisfy Generation’ s and
CENG's nuclear decommissioning obligations as required by the NRC. The NDT funds hold debt and equity securities directly and
indirectly through commingled funds and mutual funds, which are included in equities and fixed income. Generation’ s and CENG's
NDT fund investments policies outline investment guidelines for the trusts and limit the trust funds’  exposures to investments in
highly illiquid markets and other alternative investments, including private credit, private equity and real estate. Investments with
maturities of three months or less when purchased, including certain short-term fixed income securities are considered cash
equivalents and included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1 or Level 2.
Equities.  These investments consist of individually held equity securities, equity mutual funds and equity commingled funds in
domestic and foreign markets. With respect to individually held equity securities, the trustees obtain prices from pricing services,
whose price s are generally obtained from direct feeds from market exchanges, which Exelon and Generation are able to
independently corroborate. Equity securities held individually , including real estate investment trusts, rights and warrants, are
primarily traded on exchanges that contain only actively traded securities due to the volume trading requirements imposed by these
exchanges. The equity securities that are held directly by the trust funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and
categorized as Level 1. Certain equity securities have been categorized as Level 2 because they are based on evaluated prices that
reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities. Certain private placement equity
securities are categorized as Level 3 because they are not publicly traded and are priced using significant unobservable inputs.
Equity comm ingled funds and mutual funds are maintained by investment companies, and fund investments are held in accordance
with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly
quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For equity
commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted, the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund
share, deriv ed from the quoted prices in active  markets of the underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value
hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly or more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without
further restrictions.
Fixed income.  For fixed income securities, which consist primarily of corporate debt securities, U.S. government securities, foreign
government securities, municipal bonds, asset and mortgage-backed securities, commingled funds, mutual funds and derivative
instruments, the trustees obtain multiple prices from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations in
addition to checks for unusual daily movements. A primary price source is identified based on asset type, class or issue for each
security . With respect to individually held fixed income securities, the trustees monitor prices supplied by pricing services and may
use a supplemental price source or change the primary price source of a given security if the portfolio managers challenge an
assigned price and the trustees determine that another price source is considered to be prefe rable. Exelon and Generation have
obtained an understandi ng of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such
prices. Additionally , Exelon and Generation selectively corroborate the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based
price sources. Investments in U.S. Treasury securities have been categorized as Level 1 beca use they trade in highly-liquid and
transparent markets. Certain private placement fixed income securities have been categorized as Level 3 because they are priced
using certain significant unobservable inputs and are typically illiquid. The remaining fixed income securities, including certain other
fixed income investments,
333
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
are based on evaluated  prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar securities,
adjusted for observable dif ferences and are categorized as Level 2.
Other fixed income investments primarily consi st of fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds, which are maintained by
investment companies and hold fund investmen ts in accordance with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these
funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active
markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted,
the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the
underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly or
more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Derivative instruments.  These instru ments, consisting primarily of futures and swaps to manage risk, are recorded at fair value. 
Over-the-counter derivat ives are valued daily based on quoted prices in active markets and trade in open markets, and have been
categorized as Level 1.  Derivative instruments other than over-the-counter derivatives are valued based on external price data of
comparable securities and have been categorized as Level 2.
Private credit.  Private credit investments primarily consist of investments in private debt strategies. These investments are generally
less liquid assets with an underlying term of 3 to 5 years and are intended to be held to maturity .  The fair value of these investments
is determine d by the fund manager or administra tor and include unobservable inputs such as cost, operating results, and discounted
cash flows. Private credit investments held directly by Exelon and Generation are categorized as Level 3 because they are based
largely on inputs that are unobservable and utilize complex valuation models. Private credit fund investments with multiple investors
are not classified within the fair value hierarchy  because their fair value is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical
expedient.
Private equity . These investments include those in limited partnerships that invest in operating companies that are not publicly traded
on a stock exchange such as leveraged buyouts , growth capital, venture capital, distressed investments and investments in natural
resources. Private equity valuations are reported by the fund manager and are based on the valuation of the underlying investments,
which include unobservable inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market based comparable data.
The fair value of private equity investments is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a pract ical expedient, and therefore, these
investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Real estate.  These inves tments are funds with a direct investment in pools of real estate properties. These funds are valued by
investment managers on a periodic basis using pricing models that use independent appraisals from sources with professional
qualifications. These valuation inputs are not highly observable. The fair value of real estate investments is determined using NAV or
its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Generation evaluated its NDT portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2019 . Types
of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to, investment concentrations  in a single entity , type of industry ,
foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2019 , there were no significant concentrations (generally defined as greater
than 10 percent) of risk in Generation's NDT  assets.
See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations  for additional informatio n on the NDT fund investments. See Note 14 — Retirement
Benefits  for the valuation techniques used for hedge fund investments.
Rabbi Trust Investments (Exelon, Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE). The Rabbi trusts were established to
hold assets related to deferred compensation plans existing for certain active and retired members of Exelon’ s executive
management and directors. The Rabbi trusts' assets are included in investments in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets
and consist primarily of money market funds, mutual funds, fixed income securities and life insurance policies. Money market funds
and mutual funds are publicly quoted and have been categorized as Level 1 given the clear observability of the prices. The fair
values of fixed income securities are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade
information or similar securities, adjusted for observable differences and are categorized in Level 2. The life insurance policies are
valued using the cash surrender value of the policies, net of loans against those policies, which is provided by a third-party . Certain
life insurance policies, which consist primarily of mutual funds that are priced based on observable market
334
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
data, have been categorized as Level 2 because the life insurance policies can be liquidated at the reporting date for the value of the
underlying assets. Life insurance policies that are valued using unobservable inputs have been  categorized as Level 3, where the
fair value is determined  based on the cash surrender value of the policy , which contains unobservable inputs and assumptions.
Because Exelon relies on its third-party insurance provider to develop the inputs without adjustment for the valuations of its Level 3
investments, quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in valuing these investments is not reasonably
available to Exelon. Therefore, Exelon has not disclosed such inputs.
Deferred Compensation Obligations (All Registrants).   The Regist rants’  deferr ed compensation plans allow participants to defer
certain cash compensation into a notional investment account. The Registrants include such plans in other current and noncurrent
liabilities in their Consol idated Balance Sheets. The value of the Registrants’  deferred compensation obligations is based on the
market value of the participants’  notional investment accounts. The underlying notional inves tments are comprised primarily of
equities, mutual funds, commingled funds and fixed income securities which are based on direc tly and indirectly observable market
prices. Since  the deferred compensation obligations themselves are not exchanged in an active market, they are categorized as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
The value of certain employment agreement obligations (which are included with the Deferred Compensation Obligation in the tables
above) are based on a known and certain stream of payments to be made over time and are categorized as Level 2 within the fair
value hierarchy .
Mark-to-Market Derivat ives (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PHI and DPL).  Derivative contracts are traded in both exchange -based
and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
are categorized in Level  1 in the fair value hierarchy . Certain derivatives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available
through brokers or over-the-counter , on-line exchanges and are categorized in Level 2. These price quotations reflect the average of
the bid-ask,  mid-point prices and are obtained from sources that the Registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the
commodity . The price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly
transaction between market participants. This includes consideration of actual transaction volumes, market delivery points, bid-ask
spreads and contract duration. The remainder of derivative contracts are valued using the Black  model, an industry standard option
valuation model. The Black model takes into account inputs such as contract terms, including maturity , and market parameters,
including assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness and credit spread. For derivatives that
trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, model inputs are generally observable. Such instruments are
categorized in Level 2. The Registrants’  derivatives are predominantly at liquid trading points. For derivatives that trade in less liquid
markets with limited pricing information, model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs. These
valuations may include an estimated basis adjustment from an illiquid trading point to a liquid trading point for which active price
quotations are available. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3.
For valuations that include both observable and unobservable inputs, if the unobservable input is determined to be significant to the
overall input s, the entire valuation is categorized  in Level 3. This includes derivatives valued using indicative price quotations whose
contract tenure extends into unobservable periods. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the
assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability . This includes assumptions about market risks such
as liquidity , volatility and contract duration. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3 as the model inputs generally are not
observable. Forward price curves for the power market utilized by the front office to manage the portfolio, are reviewed and verified
by the middle office, and used for financial reporting by the back office. The Registrants consider credit and nonperformance risk in
the valuation  of derivative contracts categorized in Level 2 and 3, including both historical and current market data in its assessment
of credit and nonperformance risk by counterparty . Due to master netting agreements and collateral posting requirements, the
impacts of credit and nonperformance risk were not material to the financial statements.
Disclosed below is detail surrounding the Registrants’  significant Level 3 valuations. The calculated fair value includes marketability
discounts for margining provisions and other attributes. Generation’ s Level 3 balance generally consists of forward sales and
purchases of power and natural gas and certain transmission congestion contracts. Generation utilizes various inputs and factors
including market data and assumptions that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities as well as assumptions
about the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. The inputs and factors include forward commodity prices,
commodity price volatility , contractual volumes, delivery location, interest rates, credit quality of counterparties and credit
enhancements.
335
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
For commodity derivatives, the primary input to the valuation models is the forward commodity price curve for each instrument.
Forward commodity price curves are derived by risk management for liquid locations and by the traders and portfolio managers for
illiquid locati ons. All locations are reviewed and verified by risk management considering published exchange transaction prices,
executed bilateral transactions, broker quotes, and other observable or public data sources. The relevant forward commodity curve
used to value each of the derivatives depends on a number of factors, including commodity type, delivery location, and delivery
period. Price volatility varies by commodity and location. When appropriate, Generation discoun ts future cash flows using risk free
interest rates with adjustments to reflect the credit quality of each counterparty for assets and Generation’ s own credit quality for
liabilities. The level of observability of a forward  commodity price varies generally due to the delivery location and delivery period.
Certain delivery locations including PJM West Hub (for power) and Henry Hub (for natural gas) are more liquid and prices are
observable for up to three years in the future. The observability period of volatility is generally shorter than the underlying power
curve used in option valuations. The forward curve for a less liquid location is estimated by using the forward curve from the liquid
location and applying a spread to represent the cost to transport the commodity to the delivery location. This spread does not
typically represent a majority of the instrument’ s market price. As a result, the change in fair value is closely tied to liquid market
movements and not a change in the applied spread. The change in fair value associated with a change in the spread is generally
immaterial. An average spread calculated acros s all Level 3 power and gas delivery locations is approximately $2.22 and $0.54 for
power and natural gas, respectively . Many of the commodity derivatives are short term in nature and thus a majority of the fair value
may be based on observable inputs even though the contract as a whole must be classified as Level 3.
On December 17, 2010, ComEd entered into several 20-year floating to fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for
the procurement of long-term renewable energy and associated RECs. See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for
additional information. The fair value of these swaps has been designated as a Level 3 valua tion due to the long tenure of the
positions and internal modeling assumptions. The modeling assumptions include using natural gas heat rates to project long term
forward power curves adjusted by a renewable  factor that incorporates time of day and seasonality factors to reflect accurate
renewable energy pricing. In addition, marketability reserves are applied to the positions based on the tenor and supplier risk.
See Note 15 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information on mark-to-market derivatives.
336
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The following table presents the significant inputs to the forward curve used to value these positions:
Type of tradeFair Value at
December 31,
2019Fair Value at
December 31,
2018Valuation
Technique Unobservable
Input  2019 Range 2018 Range
Mark-to-market derivatives—
Economic hedges (Exelon and
Generation)(a)(b) $ 558$ 443Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward power price $9 -$180 $12 -$174
     Forward gas price  $0.83-$10.72 $0.78-$12.38
   Option Model Volatility percentage 8% -236% 10% -277%
        
Mark-to-market derivatives—
Proprietary trading (Exelon and
Generation)(a)(b) $ 45$ 56Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward power price $25 -$180 $14 -$174
        
Mark-to-market derivatives
(Exelon and ComEd) $ (301)$ (249)Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward heat rate(c) 9X - 10X 10X - 11X
     Marketability reserve 3% - 7% 4% - 8%
     Renewable factor  91% -123% 86% -120%
______
(a)The valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and ranges are the same for the asset and liability positions.
(b)The fair values do not include cash collateral posted on level three positions of $214 million and $76 million as of December 31, 2019 and
December 31, 2018, respectively.
(c)Quoted forward natural gas rates are utilized to project the forward power curve for the delivery of energy at specified future dates. The natural
gas curve is extrapolated beyond its observable period to the end of the contract’s delivery.
The inputs listed above , which are as of the balance sheet date, would have a direct impa ct on the fair values of the above
instruments if they were adjusted. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Generation’ s
commodity derivatives are forward commodity prices and for options is price volatility . Increases (decreases) in the forward
commodity price in isolation would result in significantly higher (lower) fair values for long positi ons (contracts that give Generation
the obligatio n or option to purchase a commodity), with offsetting impacts to short positions (contracts that give Generation the
obligation or right to sell a commodity). Increases (decreases) in volatility would increase (decrease) the value for the holder of the
option (writer of the option). Generally , a change in the estimate of forward commodity prices is unrelated to a change in the estimate
of volatility of prices. An increase to the reserves listed above would decrease the fair value of the positions. An increase to the heat
rate or renewable factors would increase the fair value accordingly . Generally , interrelationships exist between market prices of
natural gas and power . As such, an increase in natural gas pricing would potentially have a similar impact on forward power markets.
337
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
18. Commitments and Contingencies  (All Registrants)
Commitments
PHI Merger Commitments (Exelon, PHI, Pepc o, DPL and ACE).  Approval of the PHI Merger in Delaware, New Jersey , Maryland
and the District of Columbia was conditioned upon Exelon and PHI agreeing to certain commitments. The following amounts
represent total commitment costs that have been  recorded since the acquisition date and the total remaining obligations for Exelon,
PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE as of December 31, 2019 :
Description Exelon PHI  Pepco  DPL  ACE
Total commitments $ 513 $ 320  $ 120  $ 89 $ 111
Remaining commitments(a)$ 101 $ 79 $ 65 $ 8 $ 6
_________
(a)Remaining commitments extend through 2026 and include rate credits, energy efficiency programs and delivery system modernization.
In addition, Exelon is committed to develop or to assist in the commercial development of approximately 37 MWs  of new solar
generation in Maryland, District of Columbia, and Delaware at an estimated cost of approximate ly $127 million , which  will generate
future earnin gs at Exelon and Generation. Investment costs, which are expected to be primarily capital in nature, are recognized as
incurred and recorded in Exelon's and Generatio n's financial statements. As of December 31, 2019 , 27 MWs of new generation  were
developed and Exelon and Generation have incurred costs of $120 million. Exelon has also comm itted to purchase 100 MWs of
wind energy in PJM. DPL has committed to conducting three RFPs to procure up to a total of 120 MWs  of wind RECs for the
purpose of meeting Delaware's renewable portfolio standards. DPL has conducted two of the three wind REC RFPs. The first 40 MW
wind REC tranche was conducted in 2017 and did not result in a purchase agreement. The second 40 MW wind REC tranche was
conducted in 2018 and resulted in a proposed REC purchase agreement that was approved by the DPSC in March 2019. The third
and final 40 MW wind REC tranche will be conducted in 2022.
338
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
Commercial Commitments (All Registrants). The Registrant s' commercial commitments as of December 31, 2019 , representin g
commitments potentially triggered by future events, were as follows:
 Expiration within
Exelon Total 2020  2021 2022  2023 2024  2025 and
beyond
Letters of credit $ 1,455  $ 1,314  $ 141  $ —  $ —  $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a) 855 809 46 — — — —
Financing trust guarantees 378  — — — — — 378
Guaranteed lease residual values(b) 26 2 2 4 3 6 10
Total commercial commitments $ 2,714  $ 2,125  $ 189  $ 4 $ 3 $ 6 $ 388
      
Generation      
Letters of credit $ 1,440 $ 1,302  $ 138 $ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a) 670 662 8 — — — —
Total commercial commitments $ 2,110  $ 1,964  $ 146  $ —  $ — $ — $ —
      
ComEd      
Letters of credit $ 7 $ 7 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a) 50 48 2 — — — —
Financing trust guarantees 200 — — — — — 200
Total commercial commitments $ 257  $ 55  $ 2 $ —  $ — $ — $ 200
      
PECO      
Surety bonds(a) $ 9 $ 9 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Financing trust guarantees 178 — — — — — 178
Total commercial commitments $ 187  $ 9 $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ 178
      
BGE      
Letters of credit $ 2 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a) 3 3 — — — — —
Total commercial commitments $ 5 $ 5 $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ —
      
PHI      
Surety bonds(a) $ 21 $ 21 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b) 26 2 2 4 3 6 10
Total commercial commitments $ 47  $ 23  $ 2 $ 4 $ 3 $ 6 $ 10
      
Pepco      
Surety bonds(a) $ 14 $ 14 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b) 9 — — 1 1 2 5
Total commercial commitments $ 23  $ 14  $ —  $ 1 $ 1 $ 2 $ 5
      
DPL      
Surety bonds(a) $ 4 $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b) 11 1 1 2 1 3 3
Total commercial commitments $ 15  $ 5 $ 1 $ 2 $ 1 $ 3 $ 3
      
ACE      
Surety bonds(a) $ 3 $ 3 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b) 7 1 1 1 1 1 2
Total commercial commitments $ 10  $ 4 $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 $ 2
_________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
339
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at the end of
the minimum lease term would be $69 million guaranteed by Exelon and PHI, of which $23 million, $29 million and $18 million is guaranteed by
Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively. Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and PHI believes the likelihood of
payments being required under the guarantees is remote.
Nuclear Insurance (Exelon and Generation)
Generation is subject to liability , property damage and other risks associated with major incidents at any of its nuclear stations.
Generation has mitigated its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions.
The Price-Anderson Act was enacted to ensure the availability of funds for public liability claims arising from an incident at any of the
U.S. license d nuclear facilities and to limit the liability of nuclear reactor owners for such claims from any single incident. As of
December 31, 2019 , the current  liability limit per incident is $13.9 billion  and is subje ct to change to account for the effects of inflation
and changes in the number of licensed reactors at least once every five years with the last adjustment effective November 1, 2018.
In accordance with the Price-Anderson Act, Generation maintains financial protection at levels equal to the amount of liability
insurance available from private sources through the purchase of private nuclear energy liability insurance for public liability claims
that could arise in the event of an incident. Effective January 1, 2017, the required amount of nuclear energy liability insurance
purchased is $450 million  for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a
financial protection pool, as required by the Price Anderson-Act, which provides the additional $13.5 billion per incident in funds
available for public liability claims. Participation in this secondary financial protection pool requires the operator of each reactor to
fund its proportionate share of costs for any single incident that exceeds the primary layer of financial protection. Exelon’ s share of
this secondary layer would be approximately $2.9 billion , however any amounts payable under this secondary layer would be
capped at $434 million  per year .
In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay public liability claims
exceeding the $13.9 billion  limit for a single incident.
As part of the execution of the NOSA  on April 1, 2014, Generation executed an Indemnity Agree ment pursuant to which Generation
agreed to indemnify EDF and its affiliates against third-party claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the
Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the CEN G nuclear plants or their operations. Exelon guarantees Generation’ s obligations
under this indemnity . See Note 22 — Variable Interest Entities  for additional information on Generation’ s operations relating to
CENG.
Generation is required each year to report to the NRC the current levels and sources of property insurance that demonstrates
Generation possesses sufficient financial resources to stabilize and decontaminate a reactor and reactor station site in the event of
an accident. The property insurance maintained for each facility is currently provided through insurance policies purchased from
NEIL, an industry mutual insurance company of which Generation is a member .
NEIL  may declare distri butions to its members as a result of favorable operating experience. In recent years, NEIL  has made
distributions to its memb ers, but Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. Generation's
portion of the annual distribution declared by NEIL  is estimated to be $136 million  for 2019 , and was $58 million  and $60 million  for
2018  and 2017 , respectivel y. In addition, in March 2018, NEIL  declared a supplemental distribution. Genera tion's portion of the
supplemental distributio n declared by NEIL  was $31 million . The distributions were  recorded as a reduction to Operating and
maintenance expense within Exelon and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Premiums paid to NEIL  by its members are also subject to a potential assessment for advers e loss experience in the form of a
retrospective premium obligation. NEIL  has never assessed this retrospective premium since its formation in 1973, and Generation
cannot predict the level of future assessments, if any. The current maximum aggregate annual retrospective premium obligation for
Generation is approximately $334 million. NEIL requires its members to maintain an investment grade credit rating or to ensure
collectability of their annual retrospective premiu m obligation by providing a financial guarantee, letter of credit, deposit premium, or
some other means of assurance.
340
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
NEIL  provides “all risk” property damage, decontamination and premature decommissioning insurance for each station for losses
resulting from damage to its nuclear plants, either due to accidents or acts of terrorism. If the decision is made to decommission the
facility , a portion of the insurance proceeds will be allocated to a fund, which Generation is required by the NRC to maintain, to
provide for decommissio ning the facility . In the event of an insured loss, Generation is unable to predict the timing of the availability
of insurance proceeds to Generation and the amount of such proceeds that would be available. In the event that one or more acts of
terrorism cause accidental property damage within a twelve-month period from the first accidental property damage under one or
more policie s for all insured plants, the maxim um recovery by Exelon will be an aggregate of $3.2 billion plus such additional
amounts as the insurer may recover for all such losses from reinsurance, indemnity and any other source, applicable to such losses.
For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recoverable from insurers or the nuclear industry ,
could also be borne by Generation. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements.
Spent Nuclear Fuel Obligation (Exelon and Generation)
Under the NWP A, the DOE is responsible for the development of a geologic repository for and the disposal of SNF and high-level
radioactive waste. As required by the NWP A, Generation is a party to contracts with the DOE (Standard Contracts) to provide for
disposal of SNF from Generation’ s nuclear generating stations. In accordance with the NWP A and the Standard Contracts,
Generation historically had paid the DOE one mill ($0.001 ) per kWh of net nuclear generation for the cost of SNF disposal. Due to
the lack of a viable disposal program, the DOE reduced the SNF disposal fee to zero in May 2014. Until a new fee structure is in
effect, Exelon and Gene ration will not accrue any further costs related to SNF disposal fees. This fee may be adjusted prospectively
to ensure full cost recovery .
Generation currently assumes the DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2030 and uses that date for purposes of estimating the nuclear
decommissioning asset retirement obligations. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on management’ s estimates of the
amount of time required for DOE to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term SNF storage.
The NWPA and the Standard Contracts required the DOE to begin taking possession of SNF generated by nuclear generating units
by no later than January  31, 1998. The DOE, however , failed to meet that deadline and its performance is expected to be delayed
significantly . In August 2004, Generation and the DOJ, in close consultation with the DOE, reached a settlement under which the
government agreed to reimburse Generation, subject to certain damage limitations based on the extent of the government’ s breach,
for costs associated with storage of SNF at Generation’ s nuclear stations pending the DOE’ s fulfillment of its obligations.
Generation’ s settlement agreement does not include FitzPatrick and FitzPatrick does not currently have a settlement agreement in
place. Calve rt Cliffs, Ginna and Nine Mile Point each have separate settlement agreements in place with the DOE which were
extended during 2017 to provide for the reimbursement of SNF storage costs through Decembe r 31, 2019. Generation expects the
terms for each of the settlement agreements to be extended during 2020 for another three years to cover SNF storage costs through
December 31, 2022. Generation submits annual reimbursement requests to the DOE for costs associated with the storage of SNF.
In all cases , reimbursem ent requests are made only after costs are incurred and only for costs resulting from DOE delays in
accepting the SNF .
Under the settlement agreements, Generation has received cumulative cash reimbursements for costs incurred as follows:
 Total Net(a)
Cumulative cash reimbursements
$ 1,288 $ 1,113
__________
(a)Total after considering amounts due to co-owners of certain nuclear stations and to the former owner of Oyster Creek.
341
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , the amount of SNF storage costs for which reimbursement has been or will be requested from
the DOE under the DOE settlement agreements is as follows:
 December 31, 2019  December 31, 2018
DOE receivable - current(a)$ 249  $ 124
DOE receivable - noncurrent(b)30 15
Amounts owed to co-owners(a)(c)(37) (17)
__________
(a)Recorded in Accounts receivable, other.
(b)Recorded in Deferred debits and other assets, other.
(c)Non-CENG amounts owed to co-owners are recorded in Accounts receivable, other.  CENG amounts owed to co-owners are recorded in
Accounts payable. Represents amounts owed to the co-owners of Peach Bottom, Quad Cities, and Nine Mile Point Unit 2 generating facilities.
The Standard Contracts with the DOE also required the payment to the DOE of a one-time fee applicable to nuclear generation
through April 6, 1983. The below table outlines  the SNF liability recorded at Exelon and Generation as of December 31, 2019  and
2018 :
 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018
Former ComEd units(a)$ 1,075 $ 1,052
Fitzpatrick(b) 124 119
Total SNF Obligation $ 1,199 $ 1,171
__________
(a)ComEd previously elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $277 million for its units (which are now part of Generation), with interest to
the date of payment, until just prior to the first delivery of SNF to the DOE. The unfunded liabilities for SNF disposal costs, including the one-time
fee, were transferred to Generation as part of Exelon’s 2001 corporate restructuring.
(b)A prior owner of FitzPatrick elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $34 million, with interest to the date of payment, for the FitzPatrick
unit. As part of the FitzPatrick acquisition on March 31, 2017, Generation assumed a SNF liability for the DOE one-time fee obligation with
interest related to FitzPatrick along with an offsetting asset, included in Other deferred debits and other assets, for the contractual right to
reimbursement from NYPA, a prior owner of FitzPatrick, for amounts paid for the FitzPatrick DOE one-time fee obligation.
Interest for Exelon's and Generation's SNF liabilities accrues at the 13-week Treasury Rate. The 13-week Treasury Rate in effect for
calculation of the interest accrual at December 31, 2019  was 1.551 % for the deferred amount transferred from ComE d and 1.879 %
for the deferred FitzPatrick amount.
The following table summarizes sites for which Exelon and Generation do not have an outstanding SNF Obligation:
Description Sites
Fees have been paid Former PECO units, Clinton and Calvert Clif fs
Outstanding SNF Obligation remains with former owners Nine Mile Point, Ginna and TMI
Environmental Remediation Matters
General (All Registrants).  The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures to
comply with environmental laws. Additionally , under Federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for
the costs of remediating  environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by
hazardous substances generated by them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate  parcels, including parcels on which
their operations or the operations of others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under
environmental laws. In addition, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceeding s relating to sites where hazardous
substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. Unless otherwise disclosed, the
Registrants cannot reasonably estimate whether they will incur significant liabilities for additional  investigation and remediation costs
at these or additional sites identified by the Registrants, environmental agencies
342
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
or others, or whether such costs will be recoverable from third parties, including customers. Additional costs could have a material,
unfavorable impact on the Registrants' financial statements.
MGP  Sites (Exelon and the Utility Registrant s). ComEd, PECO, BGE and DPL have identified sites where former MGP  or gas
purification activities have or may have resulted in actual site contamination. For almost all of these sites, there are additional PRPs
that may share responsibility for the ultimate remediation of each location.
•ComEd has 21 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. ComEd expects the majority
of the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2025.
•PECO has 8 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. PECO expects the majority of
the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2022.
•BGE has 4 sites that currently require some level of remediation and/or ongoing activity . BGE expects the majority of the
remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2021.
•DPL has 1 site that is currently under study and the required cost at the site is not expected to be material.
The historical nature of the MGP  and gas purification sites and the fact that many of the sites have been buried and built over,
impacts the ability to determine a precise estimate of the ultimate costs prior to initial sampling and determination of the exact scope
and method of remedial activity . Management determines its best estimate of remediation costs using all available information at the
time of each study , including probabilistic and deterministic modeling for ComEd and PECO, and the remediation standards currently
required by the applicab le state environmental agency . Prior to completion of any significant clean up, each site remediation plan is
approved by the appropriate state environmental agency .
ComEd, pursuant to an ICC order , and PECO, pursuant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, are
currently recovering environmental remediation costs of former MGP  facility sites through customer rates. While BGE and DPL do
not have riders for MGP  clean-up costs, they have historically received recovery of actual clean-up costs in distribution rates.
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , the Registr ants had accrued the following undis counted amounts for environmental liabilities in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities within their respective Consolidated Balance Sheets:
 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018
 Total environmental
investigation and
remediation reservePortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediationTotal environmental
investigation and
remediation reservePortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediation
Exelon $ 478 $ 320 $ 496 $ 356
Generation 105 — 108 —
ComEd 304 303 329 327
PECO 19 17 27 25
BGE 2 — 5 4
PHI 48 — 27 —
Pepco 46 — 25 —
DPL 1 — 1 —
ACE 1 — 1 —
Cotter Corporation (Exelon and Generation).  The EPA has advised Cotter Corporation (Cotter), a former ComEd subsidiary , that it
is potentially liable in connection with radiological contamination at a site known as the West Lake Landfill in Missouri. In 2000,
ComEd sold Cotter to an unaffiliated third-party . As part of the sale, ComEd agreed to indemnify Cotter for any liability arising in
connection with the West Lake Landfill. In connection with Exelon’ s 2001 corporate restructuring, this responsibility to indemnify
Cotter was transferred to Generation. Including  Cotter , there are three PRPs participating in the West Lake Landfill remediation
proceeding. Investigation by Generation has identified a number of other parties who also may be PRPs and could be liable to
contribute to the final remedy . Further investigation is ongoing.
343
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
In September 2018, the EPA issued its Record of Decision (ROD) Amendment for the selec tion of the final remedy . The ROD
modified the EPA’s previously proposed plan for partial excavation of the radiological mater ials by reducing the depths of the
excavation. The ROD also allows for variation in depths of excavation depending on radiological concentrations. The EPA and the
PRPs have entered into a Consent Agreement to perform the Remedial Design, which is expected to be completed in the 2020 -
2021 time frame. In March 2019 the PRPs received Special Notice Letters from the EPA to perform the Remedial Action work. On
October 8, 2019, Gener ation provided a non-binding good faith offer to conduct, or finance, a portion of the remedy , subject to
certain cond itions. The total estimated cost of the remedy , taking into account the current EPA technical requirements and the total
costs expected to be incurred collectively by the PRPs in fully executing the remedy , is approximately $280 million , including cost
escalation on an undiscounted basis, which would be allocated among the final group of PRPs . Generation has determined that a
loss associa ted with the EPA’s partial excavat ion and enhanced landfill cover remedy is probable and has recorded a liability
included in the table above, that reflects manage ment’ s best estimate of Cotter ’s allocable share of the ultimate cost. Given the joint
and several nature of this liability , the magnitu de of Generation’ s ultimate liability will depend on the actual costs incurred to
implement the required remediation remedy as well as on the nature and terms of any cost-sharing arrangements with the final
group of PRPs. Therefore, it is reasonably poss ible that the ultimate cost and Generation’ s associated allocable share could differ
significantly once these uncertainties are resolve d, which could have a material impact on Exelon's and Generation's future financial
statements.
One of the other PRPs has indicated it will be making a contribution claim against Cotter for costs that it has incurred to prevent the
subsurface fire from spreading to those areas of the West Lake Landfill where radiological materials are believed to have been
disposed. At this time, Exelon and Generation do not possess sufficient information to assess this claim and therefore are unable to
estimate a range of loss, if any. As such, no liability has been recorded for the potential contribu tion claim. It is reasonably possible,
however , that resolution of this matter could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation's financial statements.
In January 2018, the PRPs were advised by the EPA that it will begin an additional investigation and evaluation of groundwater
conditions at the West Lake Landfill. In September 2018, the PRPs agreed to an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on
Consent for the performance by the PRPs of the groundwater Remedial Investigation (RI)/Feasibility Study (FS). The purpose of this
RI/FS is to define the nature and extent of any groundwater contamination from the West Lake Landfill site and evaluate remedial
alternatives. Generation estimates the undiscounted cost for the groundwater RI/FS to be approximately $20 million. Generation
determined a loss asso ciated with the RI/FS is probable and has recorded a liability includ ed in the table above that reflects
management’ s best estimate of Cotter ’s allocab le share of the cost among the PRPs. At this time Generation cannot predict the
likelihood or the extent to which, if any, remediation activities may be required and therefore cannot estimate a reasonably possible
range of loss for respo nse costs beyond those associated with the RI/FS component. It is reasonably possible, however , that
resolution of this matter could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements.
In August 2011, Cotter was notified by the DOJ that Cotter is considered a PRP with respect to the government’ s clean-up costs for
contamination attributab le to low level radioactive residues at a former storage and reprocessing facility named Latty Avenue near
St. Louis, Missouri. The Latty Avenue site is included in ComEd’ s indemnification responsibilities discussed above as part of the sale
of Cotter. The radioactive residues had been generated initially in connection with the processing of uranium ores as part of the U.S.
Government’ s Manhattan Project. Cotter purchased the residues in 1969 for initial processing at the Latty Avenue facility for the
subsequent extraction of uranium and metals. In 1976, the NRC found that the Latty Avenue site had radiation levels exceeding
NRC criteria  for decontamination of land areas. Latty Avenue was investigated and remediated by the United States Army Corps of
Engineers pursuant to funding under FUSRAP . The DOJ has not yet formally advised the PRPs of the amount that it is seeking, but it
is believed to be approximately $90 million  from all PRPs. Pursuant to a series of annual agreements since 2011, the DOJ and the
PRPs have tolled the statute of limitations until February 2020 so that settlement discussions could proceed. Generation has
determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable under its indemnification agreement with Cotter and has recorded an
estimated liability , which is included in the table above.
Benning Road Site (Exelon, Generation, PHI and Pepco) . In Septem ber 2010, PHI received a letter from EPA identifying the
Benning Road site as one of six land-based sites potentially contributing to contamination of the lower Anacostia River . A portion of
the site was formerly the location of a Pepco Energy Services electric generating facility , which was deactivated in June 2012. The
remaining portion of the site consists of a Pepco transmission and distribution service center that remains in operation. In December
2011, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia approved a Consent Decree entered into by Pepco and Pepco Energy
Services with the DOEE, which
344
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
requires Pepco and Pepco Energy Services to conduct a RI/FS for the Benning Road site and an approximately 10 to 15-acre
portion of the adjacent Anacostia River .
Since 2013,  Pepco and Pepco Energy Services (now Generation, pursuant to Exelon's 2016 acquisition of PHI) have been
performing RI work and have submitted multiple draft RI reports to the DOEE. In September 2019, Pepco and Generation issued a
draft “final” RI report which DOEE approved and on October 4, 2019 released this document for review and comment by the public.
The 45 day comment period ended on November 18, 2019 and a public meeting was held by Pepco on November 2, 2019. Pepco
and Generation will proceed to develop a FS to evaluate possible remedial alternatives for submission to DOEE. The Court has
established a schedule for completion of the FS, and approval by the DOEE, by September 16, 2021.
DOEE will then prepare a Proposed Plan and issue a Record of Decision identifying any further response actions determined to be
necessary , after considering public comment on the Proposed Plan. PHI, Pepco and Generation have determined that a loss
associated with this matter is probable and have accrued an estimated liability , which is included in the table above.
Anacostia River Tidal Reach (Exelon, PHI and Pepco) . Contemporaneous with the Benning Road site RI/FS being performed by
Pepco and Generation, DOEE and the Nationa l Park Service have been conducting a separat e RI/FS focused on the entire tidal
reach of the Anacostia River extending from just north of the Maryland-District of Columbia boundary line to the confluence of the
Anacostia and Potomac Rivers. The river-wide RI incorporated the results of the river samplin g performed by Pepco and Pepco
Energy Services as part of the Benning RI/FS, as well as similar sampling efforts conducted by owners of other sites adjacent to this
segment of the river and supplemental river sampling conducted by DOEE’ s contractor . DOEE asked Pepco, along with parties
responsible for other sites along the river, to participate in a "Consultative Working Group" to provide input into the process for future
remedial actions and to ensure proper coordinat ion with the other river cleanup efforts currently  underway , including cleanup of the
river segment adjacent to the Benning Road site resulting from the Benning Road site RI/FS. In addition, the District of Columbia
Council directed DOEE to form an official advisory committee made up of members of federal, state and local environmental
regulators, community and environmental groups and various academic and technical experts to provide guidance and support to
DOEE as the project progressed. This group, called the Anacostia Leadership Council, has met regularly since it was formed. Pepco
has participated in the Consultative Working Group. In April 2018, DOEE released a draft RI report for public review and comment.
Pepco submitted written comments to the draft RI and participated in a public hearing.
Pepco has determined that it is probable that costs for remediation will be incurred and recorde d a liability in the third quarter 2019
for managem ent’s best estimate of its share of those costs based on DOEE’ s stated position following a series of meetings attended
by representatives from the Anacostia Leadership Council and the Consultative Working Group. On December 27, 2019, DOEE
released a Focused Feasibility Study (FFS) and a Proposed Plan (PP) for review and comment by the public which will be the basis
for the Interim ROD, which is expected to be completed in September 2020. The FFS and PP are consistent with the DOEE’ s stated
position to follow an adaptive management approach which will allow several identified “hot spots” in the river to be addressed first
while contin uing to conduct studies and to monitor the river to evaluate improvements and determine potential future remediation
plans. The adaptive management process chos en by DOEE is less intrusive, provides more long term environmental certainty , is
less costly , and allows for site specific remediation plans already underway , including the plan for the Benning Road site to proceed
to conclusion. The comment period ends on March 2, 2020 and a public meeting will be held on January 23, 2021. Pepco concluded
that increme ntal exposure remains reasonably possible, however management cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss beyond
the amounts recorded, which are included in the table above.
In addition to the activities associated with the remedial process outlined above, there is a complementary statutory program that
requires an assessment  to determine if any natural resources have been damaged as a result of the contamination that is being
remediated, and, if so, that a plan be developed by the federal, state and local Natural Resource  Damage Trustees, who are defined
by CERCLA  as the responsible parties for the restoration or compensation for any loss of those  resources from the environmental
contaminants at the site. If natural resources cannot be restored, then compensation for the injury can be sought from the
responsible parties. The assessment of Natural Resource Damages (NRD) typically takes place following cleanup because cleanups
sometimes also effectively restore habitat. During the second quarter of 2018, Pepco became aware that the Trustees are in the
beginning stages of this process that often takes many years beyond the remedial decision to complete. Pepco has concluded that a
loss associated with the eventual NRD assessment is reasonably possible. Due to the very early stage of the assessment process,
Pepco cannot reasonably estimate the range of loss.
345
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
Asbestos Personal Injury Claims (Exelon and Generation). Generation maintains a reserve for claims associated with asbestos-
related personal injury actions in certain facilities that are currently owned by Generation or were previously owned by ComEd and
PECO. The estimated liabilities are recorded on an undiscounted basis and exclude the estimated legal costs associated with
handling these matters, which could be material.
At December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelo n and Generation  had recorded estimate d liabilities of approximately $83 millio n and $79
million , respe ctively , in total for asbestos-related bodily injury claims. As of December 31, 2019 , approximately $26 millio n of this
amount related to 263 open claims presented to Generation, while the remaining $57 million is for estima ted future asbestos-related
bodily injury  claims anticipated to arise through 2055, based on actuarial assumptions and analyses, which are updated on an
annual basis . On a quarterly basis, Generation monitors actual experience against the number of forecasted claims to be received
and expected claim payments and evaluates whether adjustments to the estimated liabilities are necessary .
It is reasona bly possible that additional exposure to estimated future asbestos-related bodily injury claims in excess of the amount
accrued could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements.
Fund Transfer Restrictions (All Registrants).  Under applicable law, Exelon may borrow or receive an extension of credit from its
subsidiaries. Under the terms of Exelon’ s intercompany money pool agreement, Exelon can lend to, but not borrow from the money
pool.
Under applicable law, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE can pay dividends only from retained,
undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may limit
the dividends that these companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with financings arranged through ComEd Financing III that it will not declare dividends on any
shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payme nt periods on the subordinated debt
securities issued to Com Ed Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures, which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC or (b) Pepco’ s senior
unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of
the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are calculated
under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit
rating agencies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a
346
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies
dividend restriction which requires ACE to obtain the prior approval of the NJBPU before dividends can be paid it its equity as a
percent of its total capitalization, excluding securitization debt, falls below 30%. No such events have occurred.
City of Ever ett Tax Increment Financing Agreement (Exelon and Generation). On April 10, 2017, the City of Everett petitioned
the Massachusetts Economic Assistance Coord inating Council (EACC) to revoke the 1999 tax increment financing agreement (TIF
Agreement) relating to Mystic Units 8 and 9 on the grounds that the total investment in Mystic Units 8 and 9 materially deviates from
the investment set forth in the TIF Agreement. On October 31, 2017, a three-member panel of the EACC conducted an
administrative hearing on the City’s petition. On November 30, 2017, the hearing panel issued a tentative decision denying the City’s
petition, finding that there was no material misrepresentation that would justify revocation of the TIF Agreement. On December 13,
2017, the tentative decision was adopted by the full EACC. On January 12, 2018, the City filed a complaint in Massachusetts
Superior Court requesting, among other things, that the court set aside the EACC’ s decision, grant the City’s request to decertify the
Project and the TIF Agre ement, and award the City damages for alleged underpaid taxes over the period of the TIF Agreement. On
January 8, 2020, the Massachusetts Superior Court affirmed the decision of the EACC denying the City's petition. The deadline for
appeal is March 9, 2020 . Generation continues to believe that the City’s claim lacks merit. Accordingly , Generation has not recorded
a liability for payment resulting from such a revocation, nor can Generation estimate a reasonably possible range of loss, if any,
associated with any such revocation. Further , it is reasonably possible that property taxes assessed in future periods, including those
following the expiration of the current TIF Agreement in 2020, could be material to Generation’ s financial statements.
Subpoenas (Exelon and ComEd). Exelon and ComEd received a grand jury subpoena in the second quarter of 2019 from the U.S.
Attorney’ s Office for the Northern District of Illinois requiring production of information concerning  their lobbying activities in the State
of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, Exelon and ComEd received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Northern District of Illinois requiring production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities. On October
22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it has also opened an investigation into their lobbying activities. Exelon and
ComEd have cooperate d fully and intend to continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with the U.S. Attorney’ s Office and the
SEC. Exelon  and ComEd cannot predict the outcome of the U.S. Attorney's Office or the SEC investigations. No loss contingency
has been reflected in Exelon's and ComEd's consolidated financial statements as this contingency is neither probable nor
reasonably estimable at this time. Management is currently unable to estimate a range of reason ably possible loss as these matters
are subject to change.
Subsequent to Exelon announcing the receipt of the subpoenas, a putative class action lawsuit  has been filed against Exelon and
certain officers of Exelon and ComEd alleging misrepresentations or omissions by Exelon purpor ting to relate to matters that are the
subject of the subpoenas and the SEC investigation. Exelon believes that these claims lack merit and intends to defend against
them, and though the costs or any loss associated with the lawsuit cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, Exelon does not
believe that the lawsuit will have a material adverse impact on Exelon’ s or ComEd’ s consolidated financial statements.
General (All Registrants). The Registrants are involved in various other litigation matters that are being defended and handled in
the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a
range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. The Registrants maintain accruals for
such losses that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. Management is sometimes unable to estimate
an amount or range of reasonably possible loss, particularly where (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings
are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such case s, there is considerable uncertainty
regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss.
347
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Shareholders' Equity
19. Shareholders' Equity  (Exelon and Utility Registrants)
ComEd Common Stock W arrants
The followin g table presents warrants outstanding to purchase ComEd common stock and shares of common stock reserved for the
conversion of warrants. The warrants entitle the holders to convert such warrants into common stock of ComEd at a conversion rate
of one share of common stock for three warrants.
 December 31,
 2019 2018
Warrants outstanding 60,228 60,285
Common Stock reserved for conversion 20,076 20,095
Equity Securities Offering
In June 2014, Exelon issued $1.15 billion  of junior subordinated notes in the form of 23 million  equity units. In June 2017, Exelon
settled the forward equity purchase contract on these equity units through issuance of 33 million shares of common stock from
treasury stock, which triggered full dilution in the EPS calculation. Previously , the equity units were included in the calculation of
diluted EPS using the treasury stock method.
Share Repurchases
There currently is no Exelon Board of Director authority to repurchase shares. Any previous shares repurchased are held as treasury
shares, at cost, unless cancelled or reissued at the discretion of Exelon’ s management.
Preferred and Preference Securities
The followin g table presents the Registrants' shares of preferred securities authorized, none of which are outstanding as of
December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Preferred Securities Authorized
Exelon 100,000,000
ComEd 850,000
PECO 15,000,000
BGE 1,000,000
Pepco 6,000,000
ACE(a)2,799,979
__________
(a)Includes 799,979 shares of cumulative preferred stock and 2,000,000 of no-par preferred stock as of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively.
The followin g table presents ComEd's, BGE's and ACE's preference securities authorized, none of which are outstanding as of
December 31, 2019  and 2018 :
 Preference Securities Authorized
ComEd - Cumulative preference securities 6,810,451
BGE(a)6,500,000
ACE 3,000,000
__________
(a)Includes 4,600,000 shares of unclassified preference securities and 1,900,000 shares of previously redeemed preference securities as of
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
348
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Shareholders' Equity
20. Stock-Based Compensation Plans  (All Registrants)
Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Exelon grants stock-based awards through its LTIP, which primarily includes performance share awards, restricted stock units and
stock options. At December 31, 2019 , there were approximat ely 12 million  shares authorized for issuance under the LTIP. For the
years ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017 , exercised and distributed stock-based awards were primarily issued from
authorized but unissued common stock shares.
The Registra nts grant cash awards. The following table does not include expense related to these plans as they are not considered
stock-based compensation plans under the applicable authoritative guidance .
The followin g table presents the stock-based  compensation expense included in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The Utility Registrants' stock-based compensation expense for the years
ended December 31, 2019 , 2018  and 2017  was not material.
Exelon Year Ended December 31,
Components of Stock-Based Compensation Expense 2019  2018  2017
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating and
maintenance expense $ 77 $ 208  $ 191
Income tax benefit (20) (54) (74)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 57 $ 154  $ 117
Generation    
Components of Stock-Based Compensation Expense    
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating and
maintenance expense $ 37 $ 77 $ 88
Income tax benefit (10) (20) (34)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 27 $ 57 $ 54
Exelon recei ves a tax deduction based on the intrinsic value of the award on the exercise date for stock options and the distribution
date for performance share awards and restricted stock units. For each award, throughout the requisite service period, Exelon
recognizes the tax benefit related to compensation costs. The following table presents information regarding Exelon’ s realized tax
benefit when distributed:
 Year Ended December 31,
 2019  2018  2017
Performance share awards $ 41 $ 16 $ 29
Restricted stock units 24 28 35
Performance Share Awards
Performance share awards are granted under the LTIP. The performance share awards are settled 50% in common stock and 50%
in cash at the end of the three-year performanc e period, except for awards granted to vice presidents and higher officers that are
settled 100% in cash if certain ownership requirements are satisfied.
The common stock portion of the performance share awards is considered an equity award and is valued based on Exelon's stock
price on the grant date. The cash portion of the performance share awards is considered a liabili ty award which is remeasured each
reporting period based on Exelon’ s current stock  price. As the value of the common stock and cash portions of the awards are based
on Exelon’ s stock price during the performance period, coupled with changes in the total shareh older return modifier and expected
payout of the award, the compensation costs are subject to volatility until payout is established.
349
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
For nonretire ment-eligible employees, stock-bas ed compensation costs are recognized over the vesting period of three years using
the straight- line method. For performance share awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, the value of the performance
shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period, which is the year of grant.
Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested performance share awards activity:
 SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2018(a)3,403,228 $ 33.13
Granted 1,089,903 47.37
Change in performance (799,618 ) 40.85
Vested (1,610,146 ) 28.90
Forfeited (25,249 ) 45.03
Undistributed vested awards(b)(348,363 ) 48.82
Nonvested at December 31, 2019(a)1,709,755 $ 39.21
__________
(a)Excludes 2,017,870 and 3,586,259 of performance share awards issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents performance share awards that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2019.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of performance share awards
granted and settled.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2019  (a)  2018  2017
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 47.37  $ 38.15  $ 35.00
Total fair value of performance shares settled 158  61 72
Total fair value of performance shares settled in cash 131  49 56
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2019, $17 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance shares are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 1.6 years.
Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock units are granted under the LTIP with the majority being settled in a specific number of shares of common stock
after the service conditio n has been met. The corresponding cost of services is measured base d on the grant date fair value of the
restricted stock unit issued.
The value of the restrict ed stock units is expensed over the requisite service period using the straight-line method. The requisite
service perio d for restricted stock units is gener ally three to five years . However , certain restricted stock unit awards become fully
vested upon the employee reaching retirement-eligibility . The value of the restricted stock units granted to retirement-eligible
employees is either recognized immediately upon the date of grant or through the date at which the employee reaches retirement
eligibility . Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
350
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested restricted stock unit activity:
 SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2018(a)2,293,341 $ 35.06
Granted 902,857 45.65
Vested (1,232,704 ) 32.83
Forfeited (33,603 ) 39.01
Undistributed vested awards (b)(431,178 ) 44.75
Nonvested at December 31, 2019(a)1,498,713 $ 40.35
__________
(a)Excludes 863,196 and 1,131,487 of restricted stock units issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2019 and 2018,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents restricted stock units that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2019.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of restricted stock units granted
and vested.
 Year Ended December 31,
 2019  (a)  2018  2017
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 45.65  $ 38.60  $ 34.98
Total fair value of restricted stock units vested 92 106  88
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2019, $28 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested restricted stock units are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 2.8 years.
Stock Options
Non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Exelon’ s common stock were granted through 2012 under the LTIP. The exercise
price of the stock option s is equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of option grant. Stock options will
expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
At December 31, 2019 all stock options were vested and there were no unrecognized compensation costs.
The following table presents information with respect to stock option activity:
 SharesWeighted
Average
Exercise
Price
(per share)Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life
(years)  Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31, 2018 4,027,652 $ 43.95 2.90  $ 14
Options exercised (1,388,165 ) 42.25    
Options expired (750,442 ) 55.96    
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31, 2019 1,889,045 $ 40.43 1.56  $ 10
Exercisable at December 31, 2019(a)1,889,045 $ 40.43 1.56  $ 10
__________
(a)Includes stock options issued to retirement eligible employees.
351
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
The following table summarizes additional information regarding stock options exercised:
 Year Ended December 31,
 2019  2018  2017
Intrinsic value(a)$ 9 $ 12 $ 15
Cash received for exercise price 59 56 107
__________
(a)The difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the option exercise price.
21. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  (Exelon)
The following tables present changes in Exelon's AOCI, net of tax, by component:
 Gains and
(Losses) on
Cash Flow
HedgesUnrealized
Gains and
(Losses) on
Marketable
SecuritiesPension and
Non-Pension
Postretirement
Benefit Plan
Items (a)Foreign
Currency
ItemsAOCI of Investments
Unconsolidated
Affiliates (b) Total
Balance at December 31, 2016 $ (17)$ 4$ (2,610 )$ (30)$ (7)$(2,660 )
OCI before reclassifications (1) 6 11 7 6 29
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 4 — 140  — — 144
Net current-period OCI 3 6 151  7 6 173
Impact of adoption of
Reclassification of Certain Tax
Effects from AOCI(c) — — (539) — — (539)
Balance at December 31, 2017 $ (14)$ 10 $ (2,998 )$ (23)$ (1)$(3,026 )
OCI before reclassifications 11 — (143) (10) 1 (141)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 1 — 181 — — 182
Net current-period OCI 12 — 38 (10) 1 41
Impact of adoption of Recognition
and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities
standard(d) — (10) — — — (10)
Balance at December 31, 2018 $ (2)$ — $ (2,960 )$ (33)$ — $(2,995 )
OCI before reclassifications — — (289) 6 (2) (285)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — — 84 — 2 86
Net current-period OCI — — (205) 6 — (199)
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ (2)$ — $ (3,165 )$ (27)$ — $(3,194 )
__________ 
(a)This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB cost. See Note 14 — Retirement Benefits for additional
information. See Exelon's Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for individual components of AOCI.
(b)All amounts are net of noncontrolling interests.
(c)Exelon early adopted the new standard Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from AOCI. The standard was adopted retrospectively as of
December 31, 2017, which resulted in an increase to Exelon’s Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $539 million,
primarily related to deferred income taxes associated with Exelon’s pension and OPEB obligations.
(d)Exelon prospectively adopted the new standard Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard was
adopted as of January 1, 2018, which resulted in an increase to Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $10 million for
Exelon. The amounts reclassified related to Rabbi Trusts.
352
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
The following table presents income tax benefit (expense) allocated to each component of Exelon's other comprehensive income
(loss):
 For the Year Ended December 31,
 2019  2018  2017
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:     
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost $ 23 $ 24 $ 36
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost (52) (86) (128)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans valuation
adjustment 100  50 13
22. Variable Interest Entities  (Exelon, Generation, PHI and ACE)
At December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelon, Generation, PHI and ACE collectively consolidated several VIEs or VIE groups for which
the applicable Registrant was the primary bene ficiary (see Consolidated VIEs  below) and had significant interests in several other
VIEs for which the applicable Registrant does not have the power to direct the entities’  activities and, accordingly , was not the
primary beneficiary (see Unconsolidated VIEs  below). Consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs are aggregated to the extent that the
entities have similar risk profiles.
Consolidated VIEs
The table below shows  the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated VIEs’  assets and liabilities included in the
consolidated financial statements of Exelon, Generation, PHI and ACE as of December 31, 2019  and 2018 . The assets , except as
noted in the footnotes to the table below , can only be used to settle obligations of the VIEs. The liabilities, except as noted in the
footnotes to the table below , are such that creditors, or beneficiaries, do not have recours e to the general credit of Exelon,
Generation, PHI and ACE.
 December 31, 2019  December 31, 2018
 Exelon(a) Generation PHI(a) ACE Exelon Generation PHI ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $ 163  $ 163  $ — $ — $ 414 $ 414  $ — $ —
Restricted cash and cash
equivalents 88 85 3 3 66 62 4 4
Accounts receivable, net          
Customer 151  151  — — 146 146  — —
Other 39 39 — — 23 23 — —
Unamortized energy contract asset
(b) 23 23 — — 25 25 — —
Inventories, net          
Materials and supplies 227  227  — — 212 212  — —
Other current assets 32 31 1 — 52 49 3 —
Total current assets 723 719 4 3 938 931  7 4
Property , plant and equipment, net
(c) 6,022  6,022  — — 6,188 6,188  — —
Nuclear decommissioning trust
funds 2,741  2,741  — — 2,351 2,351  — —
Unamortized energy contract asset
(b) 250  250  — — 274 274  — —
Other noncurrent assets 89 73 16 14 258 232  26 19
Total noncurrent assets 9,102 9,086 16 14 9,071 9,045  26 19
Total assets $9,825 $ 9,805 $ 20 $ 17 $10,009 $ 9,976  $ 33 $ 23
          
Long-term debt due within one year $ 544  $ 523  $ 21 $ 20 $ 87 $ 66 $ 21 $ 18
Accounts payable 106  106  — — 96 96 — —
Accrued expenses 70 70 — — 73 72 1 1
Unamortized energy contract
liabilities 8 8 — — 15 15 — —
Other current liabilities 3 3 — — 3 3 — —
Total current liabilities 731 710 21 20 274 252  22 19
Long-term debt 527  504  23 21 1,072 1,025  47 40
Asset retirement obligations (d)2,128  2,128  — — 2,165 2,165  — —
Unamortized energy contract
liabilities 1 1 — — 1 1 — —
Other noncurrent liabilities 89 89 — — 42 42 — —
Total noncurrent liabilities 2,745 2,722 23 21 3,280 3,233  47 40
Total liabilities $3,476 $ 3,432 $ 44 $ 41 $3,554 $ 3,485  $ 69 $ 59
__________
(a)Includes certain purchase accounting adjustments not pushed down to the ACE standalone entity.
(b)These are unrestricted assets to Exelon and Generation.
(c)Exelon's and Generation's balances include unrestricted assets of $20 million and $43 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(d)Exelon's and Generation's balances include liabilities with recourse of $3 million and $5 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
353
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — V ariable Interest Entities
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelon's and Generation's consolidated VIEs consist of:
Consolidated VIE or VIE groups: Reason entity is a VIE: Reason Generation is primary beneficiary:
CENG - A joint venture between Generation and
EDF. Generation has a 50.01% equity ownership in
CENG. See additional discussion below.Disproportionate relationship between equity interest
and operational control as a result of the Nuclear
Operating Services Agreement (NOSA) described
further below.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
EGRP - A collection of wind and solar project
entities. Generation has a 51% equity ownership in
EGRP. See additional discussion below.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
Blue Stem Wind - A Tax Equity structure which is
consolidated by EGRP. Generation is a minority
interest holder.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
Antelope Valley - A solar generating facility, which is
100% owned by Generation. Antelope Valley sells all
of its output to PG&E through a PPA.The PPA contract absorbs variability through a
performance guarantee.Generation conducts all activities.
Equity investment in distributed energy company -
Generation has a 31% equity ownership. This
distributed energy company has an interest in an
unconsolidated VIE. (See Unconsolidated VIEs
disclosure below).
Generation fully impaired this investment in the third
quarter of 2019. See note 11- Asset Impairments for
additional information.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
CENG  - On April 1, 2014, Generation, CENG, and subsidiaries of CENG executed the NOSA  pursuant to which Generation conducts
all activities associated with the operations of the CENG fleet and provides corporate and admin istrative services to CENG and the
CENG fleet for the rema ining life of the CENG nuclear plants as if they were a part of the Generation nuclear fleet, subject to the
CENG member rights of EDF . See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information.
Exelon and Generation, where indicated, provide the following support to CENG:
•Generation provided a $400 million  loan to CENG. The remaining balance was fully paid by CENG in January 2019.
•Generation executed an Indemnity Agreement pursuant to which Generation agreed to indemnify EDF against third-party
claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the
CENG nuclear plants or their operations. Exelon guarantees Generation’ s obligations under this Indemnity Agreement.
(See Note 18 — Commitments and Contingencies  for more details),
•Generation and EDF share in the $688 million  of contingent payment obligations for the payment of contingent
retrospective premium adjustments for the nuclear liability insurance, and
•Exelon has executed an agreement to provide up to $245 million  to support the operation s of CENG as well as a $165
million  guarantee of CENG’ s cash pooling agreement with its subsidiaries.
EGRP  - EGRP  is a collection of wind and solar project entities and some of these project entities are VIEs that are consolidated by
EGRP . Generation owns a number of limited liability companies that build, own, and operate solar and wind power facilities some of
which are owned by EGRP . While Generation or EGRP  owns 100% of the solar entities and 100% of the majority of the wind entities,
it has been determined that certain of the solar and wind entities are VIEs because the entities require additional subordinated
financial support in the form of a parental guarantee of debt, loans from the customers in order to obtain the necessary funds for
construction of the solar
354
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — V ariable Interest Entities
facilities, or the custome rs absorb price variability from the entities through the fixed price power and/or REC purchase agreements.
Generation is the primar y beneficiary of these solar and wind entities that qualify as VIEs becau se Generation controls the design,
construction, and operation of the facilities. Generation provides operating and capital funding  to the solar and wind entities for
ongoing construction, operations and maintenance and there is limited recourse related to Generation related to certain solar and
wind entities.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in EGRP  were contributed to and are pledged for the ExGen Renewables IV non-recourse debt
project financing structure. Refer to Note 16 — Debt and Credit Agreements  for additional information on ExGen Renewables IV .
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelon's, PHI's and ACE's consolidated VIE consists of:
Consolidated VIEs: Reason entity is a VIE:Reason ACE is the primary
beneficiary:
ACE Transition Funding - A special purpose entity formed by ACE for
the purpose of securitizing authorized portions of ACE’s recoverable
stranded costs through the issuance and sale of transition bonds.
Proceeds from the sale of each series of transition bonds by ATF were
transferred to ACE in exchange for the transfer by ACE to ATF of the
right to collect a non-bypassable Transition Bond Charge from ACE
customers pursuant to bondable stranded costs rate orders issued by
the NJBPU in an amount sufficient to fund the principal and interest
payments on transition bonds and related taxes, expenses and fees.ACE’s equity investment is a variable
interest as, by design, it absorbs any
initial variability of ACETF. The
bondholders also have a variable
interest for the investment made to
purchase the transition bonds.ACE controls the servicing
activities.
Unconsolidated VIEs
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs generally include equity investments and energy purchase and
sale contrac ts. For the equity investments, the carrying amount of the investments is reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Balance Sheets in Investments. For the energy purchase and sale contracts (commercial agreements), the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets that relate to their involvement with the
VIEs are predominately related to working capital accounts and generally represent the amoun ts owed by, or owed to, Exelon and
Generation for the deliveries associated with the current billing cycles under the commercial agreements.
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelo n and Generation  had significant uncons olidated variable interests in several VIEs for
which Exelon or Generation, as applicable, was not the primary beneficiary . These interests include certain equity method
investments and certain commercial agreements.
The following table presents summary information about Exelon and Generation’ s significant unconsolidated VIE entities:
 December 31, 2019  December 31, 2018
 Commercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs  Total  Commercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs Total
Total assets(a)$ 636 $ 443  $ 1,079  $ 597 $ 472 $ 1,069
Total liabilities(a)33 227  260  37 222 259
Exelon's ownership interest in VIE(a)— 191  191  — 223 223
Other ownership interests in VIE(a)604 25 629  560 27 587
Registrants’  maximum exposure to
loss:     
Carrying amount of equity method
investments — — — — 223 223
__________
(a)These items represent amounts on the unconsolidated VIE balance sheets, not in Exelon’s or Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
These items are included to provide information regarding the relative size of the unconsolidated VIEs.
355
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — V ariable Interest Entities
For each of the unconsolidated VIEs, Exelon and Generation have assessed the risk of a loss equal to their maximum exposure to
be remote and, accordingly , Exelon and Generation have not recognized a liability associated  with any portion of the maximum
exposure to loss.
As of December 31, 2019  and 2018 , Exelon's and Generation's unconsolidated VIEs consist of:
Unconsolidated VIE groups: Reason entity is a VIE:Reason Generation is not the primary
beneficiary:
Equity investments in distributed energy companies -
1) Generation has a 90% equity ownership in a distributed
energy company.
2) Generation, via a consolidated VIE, has a 90% equity
ownership in a distributed energy company (See Consolidated
VIEs disclosure above).
Generation fully impaired this investment in the third quarter of
2019. See note 11- Asset Impairments for additional information.Similar structures to a limited
partnership and the limited partners do
not have kick out rights with respect to
the general partner.Generation does not conduct the
operational activities.
Energy Purchase and Sale agreements - Generation has
several energy purchase and sale agreements with generating
facilities.PPA contracts that absorb variability
through fixed pricing.Generation does not conduct the
operational activities.
23. Supplemental Financial Information  (All Registrants)
Supplemental Statement of Operations Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
 Taxes other than income taxes
 Exelon
 Generation
 ComEd
 PECO
 BGE
 PHI Pepco
 DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2019          
Utility(a)
$ 881 $ 112 $ 242 $ 132 $90 $304$ 286 $18$ —
Property
595 274 29 17 153 122 85 34 2
Payroll
232 115 27 15 17 24 7 4 2
           
For the year ended December 31, 2018          
Utility(a)$ 919 $ 114 $ 243 $ 131 $94 $337$ 316 $21$ —
Property 557 273 30 15 143 94 58 32 3
Payroll 247 130 27 16 17 24 5 3 2
           
For the year ended December 31, 2017          
Utility(a)$ 898 $ 126 $ 240 $ 125 $89 $318$ 300 $18$ —
Property 545 269 28 14 132 101 62 32 3
Payroll 230 121 26 15 15 26 6 4 2
__________
(a)Generation’s utility tax represents gross receipts tax related to its retail operations and the Utility Registrants’ utility taxes represents municipal
and state utility taxes and gross receipts taxes related to their operating revenues.
356
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
 Other, Net
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2019       
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds(a)
Regulatory agreement units $ 297$ 297 $ — $ — $ — $— $ — $ — $ —
Non-regulatory agreement units 363 363 — — — — — — —
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds       
Regulatory agreement units 795 795 — — — — — — —
Non-regulatory agreement units 411 411 — — — — — — —
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities(b) (876) (876) — — — — — — —
Decommissioning-related activities 990 990 — — — — — — —
AFUDC—Equity 85 — 17 13 21 34 25 4 5
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 13 — — — — — — — —
       
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds(a)
Regulatory agreement units $ 506$ 506 $ — $ — $ — $— $ — $ — $ —
Non-regulatory agreement units 302 302 — — — — — — —
Net unrealized losses on NDT funds       
Regulatory agreement units (715) (715) — — — — — — —
Non-regulatory agreement units (483) (483) — — — — — — —
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities(b) 171 171 — — — — — — —
Decommissioning-related activities (219) (219) — — — — — — —
AFUDC—Equity 69 — 19 7 18 25 22 2 1
Non-service net periodic benefit cost (47) — — — — — — — —
       
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds(a)
Regulatory agreement units $ 488$ 488 $ — $ — $ — $— $ — $ — $ —
Non-regulatory agreement units 209 209 — — — — — — —
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds       
Regulatory agreement units 455 455 — — — — — — —
Non-regulatory agreement units 521 521 — — — — — — —
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities(b) (724) (724) — — — — — — —
Decommissioning-related activities 949 949 — — — — — — —
AFUDC—Equity 73 — 12 9 16 36 23 7 6
Non-service net periodic benefit cost (109) — — — — — — — —
__________
(a)Realized income includes interest, dividends and realized gains and losses on sales of NDT fund investments.
(b)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of income taxes
related to all NDT fund activity for those units. See Note 9 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting
for nuclear decommissioning.
357
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2019        
Property, plant and equipment $3,665 $ 1,485$ 886$ 303$359 $547 $ 239$146 $123
Amortization of regulatory assets 528 — 147 30 143 207 135 38 34
Amortization of intangible assets, net 59 50 — — — — — — —
Amortization of energy contract assets
and liabilities(a)21 21 — — — — — — —
Nuclear fuel(b)1,016 1,016 — — — — — — —
ARO accretion(c) 491 491 — — — — — — —
Total depreciation, amortization and
accretion $5,780 $ 3,063$1,033$ 333$502$754 $ 374$184$157
         
For the year ended December 31, 2018        
Property, plant and equipment $3,740 $ 1,748$ 820$ 274$335 $480 $ 218$131 $94
Amortization of regulatory assets 555 — 120 27 148 260 167 51 42
Amortization of intangible assets, net 58 49 — — — — — — —
Amortization of energy contract assets
and liabilities(a)14 14 — — — — — — —
Nuclear fuel(b)1,115 1,115 — — — — — — —
ARO accretion(c) 489 489 — — — — — — —
Total depreciation, amortization and
accretion $5,971 $ 3,415$ 940$ 301$483 $740 $ 385$182 $136
         
For the year ended December 31, 2017        
Property, plant and equipment $3,293 $ 1,409$ 777$ 261$312 $457 $ 203$124 $89
Amortization of regulatory assets 478 — 73 25 161 218 118 43 57
Amortization of intangible assets, net 57 48 — — — — — — —
Amortization of energy contract assets
and liabilities(a)35 35 — — — — — — —
Nuclear fuel(b)1,096 1,096 — — — — — — —
ARO accretion(c) 468 468 — — — — — — —
Total depreciation, amortization and
accretion $5,427 $ 3,056$ 850$ 286$473 $675 $ 321$167$146
__________
(a)Included in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
(b)Included in Purchased power and fuel expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(c)Included in Operating and maintenance expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
358
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
 Cash paid (refunded) during the year:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2019       
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $1,470$ 373 $ 343 $129 $106 $255 $130 $59 $55
Income taxes (net of refunds) 265 (44) (42) 82 17 29 7 19 (5)
       
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $1,421$ 369 $ 332 $125 $94 $250 $123 $56 $61
Income taxes (net of refunds) 95 746 (153) (2) 14 (32) 41 (6) (12)
       
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $2,430$ 391 $ 307 $103 $96 $236 $114 $49 $59
Income taxes (net of refunds) 540 337 83 47 (2) (144) (104) (49) (2)
359
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
 Other non-cash operating activities:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2019       
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 438 $ 135 $ 96 $ 12$61$95 $ 25 $15 $16
Provision for uncollectible accounts120 31 33 31 8 17 7 4 5
Other decommissioning-related activity(a)(506) (506) — — — — — — —
Energy-related options(b)22 22 — — — — — — —
Amortization of rate stabilization deferral(4) — — — — (4) (4) — —
Discrete impacts from EIMA and FEJA(d)128 — 128 — — — — — —
Long-term incentive plan10 — — — — — — — —
Amortization of operating ROU asset 244 172 3 — 30 33 8 8 4
Change in environmental liabilities23 — — — — 23 23 — —
        
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 583 $ 204 $ 177 $ 18$59$67 $ 15 $ 6 $12
Provision for uncollectible accounts159 48 40 33 10 28 11 6 11
Other decommissioning-related activity(a)(2) (2) — — — — — — —
Energy-related options(b)10 10 — — — — — — —
Amortization of rate stabilization deferral21 — — — — 21 21 — —
Asset retirement costs20 — — — — 20 22 (1) (1)
Discrete impacts from EIMA and FEJA(d)28 — 28 — — — — — —
Long-term incentive plan140 — — — — — — — —
        
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 643 $ 227 $ 176 $ 29$62$94 $ 25 $13 $13
Provision for uncollectible accounts 125 38 34 26 8 19 8 3 8
Other decommissioning-related activity(a)(313) (313) — — — — — — —
Energy-related options(b)7 7 — — — — — — —
Amortization of rate stabilization deferral(3) — — — 7 (10) (10) — —
Discrete impacts from EIMA and FEJA(d)(52) — (52) — — — — — —
Vacation accrual adjustment(e)(68) (35) (12) — — (8) (8) — —
Long-term incentive plan109 — — — — — — — —
Change in environmental liabilities44 44 — — — — — — —
__________
(a)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of operating
revenues, ARO accretion, ARC amortization, investment income and income taxes related to all NDT fund activity for these units. See Note 9 —
Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear decommissioning.
(b)Includes option premiums reclassified to realized at the settlement of the underlying contracts and recorded to results of operations.
(c)See Note 2 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
360
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
(d)Reflects the change in ComEd's distribution and energy efficiency formula rates . See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(e)On December 1, 2017, Exelon adopted a single, standard vacation accrual policy for all non-represented, non-craft (represented and craft
policies remained unchanged) employees effective January 1, 2018.  To reflect the new policy, Exelon recorded a one-time, $68 million pre-tax
credit to expense to reverse 2018 vacation cost originally accrued throughout 2017 that was accrued ratably during 2018.
The following tables provide a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019           
Cash and cash equivalents $ 587 $ 303 $ 90 $ 21$ 24$131$ 30 $ 13 $ 12
Restricted cash 358 146 150 6 1 36 33 — 2
Restricted cash included in
other long-term assets 177 — 163 — — 14 — — 14
Total cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash $1,122 $ 449 $ 403 $ 27$ 25$181$ 63 $ 13 $ 28
           
December 31, 2018           
Cash and cash equivalents $1,349 $ 750 $ 135 $ 130$ 7$124$ 16 $ 23 $ 7
Restricted cash 247 153 29 5 6 43 37 1 4
Restricted cash included in
other long-term assets 185 — 166 — — 19 — — 19
Total cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash $1,781 $ 903 $ 330 $ 135$ 13$186$ 53 $ 24 $ 30
           
December 31, 2017           
Cash and cash equivalents $ 898 $ 416 $ 76 $ 271$ 17$ 30$ 5 $ 2 $ 2
Restricted cash 207 138 5 4 1 42 35 — 6
Restricted cash included in
other long-term assets 85 — 63 — — 23 — — 23
Total cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash $1,190 $ 554 $ 144 $ 275$ 18$ 95$ 40 $ 2 $ 31
           
December 31, 2016           
Cash and cash equivalents $ 635 $ 290 $ 56 $ 63$ 23$170$ 9 $ 46 $101
Restricted cash 253 158 2 4 24 43 33 — 9
Restricted cash included in
other long-term assets 26 — — — 3 23 — — 23
Total cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash $ 914 $ 448 $ 58 $ 67$ 50$236$ 42 $ 46 $133
361
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
The following tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 Unbilled customer revenues(a)
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019 $1,535 $ 807 $ 218 $ 146 $ 170$ 194 $100 $61$33
December 31, 2018 1,656 965 223 114 168 186 97 59 30
__________
(a)Unbilled customer revenues are classified in customer accounts receivables, net in Exelon's and the Utility Registrants' Consolidated Balance
Sheets.
 Investments
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019         
Equity method investments:         
Other equity method
investments $ 92$ 71$ 6$ 8$ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Other investments:         
Employee benefit trusts and
investments(a)262 54 — 19 7 135 110 — —
Equity investments without
readily determinable fair
values 69 69 — — — — — — —
Other available for sale debt
security investments 41 41 — — — — — — —
Total investments $ 464$ 235$ 6$ 27$ 7$135$ 110$ — $ —
         
         
December 31, 2018         
Equity method investments:         
Distributed energy companies$ 180$ 180$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Other equity method
investments 87 71 6 8 — — — — —
Total equity method
investments 267 251 6 8 — — — — —
Other investments:         
Employee benefit trusts and
investments(a)244 49 — 17 5 130 105 — —
Equity investments without
readily determinable fair
values 72 72 — — — — — — —
Other available for sale debt
security investments 40 40 — — — — — — —
Other 2 2 — — — — — — —
Total investments $ 625$ 414$ 6 $ 25$ 5 $130$ 105$ — $ —
__________
(a)The Registrants’ debt and equity security investments are recorded at fair market value.
362
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information
 Accrued expenses
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2019         
Compensation-related
accruals(a)$1,052 $ 422$ 171 $ 58 $ 78 $ 101 $ 28 $ 19$ 15
Taxes accrued414 222 83 3 26 117 90 14 8
Interest accrued337 65 110 37 46 49 23 8 12
         
December 31, 2018         
Compensation-related
accruals(a)$1,191 $ 479$ 187 $ 49 $ 68 $ 99 $ 29 $ 19$ 12
Taxes accrued412 226 71 28 46 74 58 4 5
Interest accrued334 77 105 33 39 50 25 8 12
__________
(a)Primarily includes accrued payroll, bonuses and other incentives, vacation and benefits.
24. Related Party T ransactions  (All Registrants)
Operating revenues from affiliates
Generation
The following table presents Generation’ s Operating revenues from affiliates, which are primarily recorded as Purchased power from
affiliates and an immaterial amount recorded as Operating and maintenance expense from af filiates at the Utility Registrants:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2019  2018  2017
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
ComEd (a)(b)$ 369  $ 523  $ 121
PECO (c)158  128  138
BGE (d)289  260  388
PHI 353  355  463
Pepco (e)264  206  255
DPL (f)70 120  179
ACE (g)19 29 29
Other 3 2 5
Total operating revenues from af filiates (Generation) $ 1,172  $ 1,268  $ 1,115
__________
(a)Generation has an ICC-approved RFP contract with ComEd to provide a portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements. Generation also
sells RECs and ZECs to ComEd.
(b)For 2019, ComEd’s Purchased power from Generation of $376 million is recorded as Operating revenues from ComEd of $369 million and
Purchased power and fuel from ComEd of $7 million at Generation. For 2018, ComEd’s Purchased power from Generation of $529 million is
recorded as Operating revenues from ComEd of $523 million and Purchased power and fuel from ComEd of $6 million at Generation.
(c)Generation provides electric supply to PECO under contracts executed through PECO’s competitive procurement process. In addition,
Generation has a ten-year agreement with PECO to sell solar AECs.
(d)Generation provides a portion of BGE’s energy requirements under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and gas commodity programs.
(e)Generation provides electric supply to Pepco under contracts executed through Pepco's competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and DCPSC.
(f)Generation provides a portion of DPL's energy requirements under its MDPSC and DPSC approved market based SOS and gas commodity
programs.
363
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Related Party Transactions
(g)Generation provides electric supply to ACE under contracts executed through ACE's competitive procurement process.
PHI
PHI’s Operating revenues from af filiates are primarily with BSC for services that PHISCO provides to BSC.
Operating and maintenance expense from affiliates
The Registrants receive a variety of corporate support services from BSC. Pepco, DPL and ACE also receive corporate support
services from PHISCO. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding BSC and PHISCO.
The following table presents the service company costs allocated to the Registrants:
 Operating and maintenance from
affiliatesOperating and
maintenance  Capitalized costs
 For the years ended December 31,For the years ended
December 31,  For the years ended December 31,
 2019  2018  2017 2017  2019 2018  2017
Exelon        
BSC    $ 516 $ 448  $ 330
PHISCO    72 79 —
Generation        
   BSC $ 570  $ 652  $ 689 $ — 66 67 98
ComEd        
   BSC 263  265  270 — 148 135  118
PECO        
   BSC 149  146  146 — 88 64 59
BGE        
   BSC 157  157  152 — 126 79 54
PHI        
   BSC 139  147  145 — 88 102  —
   PHISCO (a)— — — — 72 79 —
Pepco        
   BSC 85 89 53 — 38 40 —
   PHISCO (a)124  137  5 219  33 32 —
   PES (b)— — — 29 — — —
DPL        
   BSC 52 51 31 — 25 28 —
   PHISCO (a)100  111  — 165  20 25 —
   PES (b)— — — 9 — — —
ACE        
   BSC 42 42 25 — 19 20 —
   PHISCO (a)90 98 — 135  19 21 —
__________
(a)Due to the PHI entities' system conversion to Exelon's accounting systems on January 1, 2018, corporate support services received from
PHISCO are reported in Operating and maintenance from affiliates and in Capitalized costs beginning in 2018.
(b)PES performed underground transmission, distribution construction and maintenance services, including services that are treated as capital
costs, for Pepco and DPL.
364
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Related Party Transactions
Current Receivables from/Payables to affiliates
The following tables present current receivables from af filiates and current payables to af filiates:
December 31, 2019
 Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to affiliates: Generation Comed PECO BGE ACE BSC  PHISCO Other Total
Generation  $ 27$ — $ — $ — $ 67 $ — $ 23$ 117
ComEd $ 78(a) — — — 54 — 8 140
PECO 27 —  — — 25 — 3 55
BGE 28 — —  — 34 — 4 66
PHI — — — — — 4 — 10 14
Pepco 34 — — — — 16 15 1 66
DPL 7 — — — 3 10 11 1 32
ACE 7 — — —  7 10 1 25
Other 9 1 1 1 1 — —  13
Total $ 190 $ 28$ 1$ 1$ 4 $ 217 $ 36$ 51$ 528
December 31, 2018
 Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to
affiliates: Generation Comed BGE  Pepco ACE  BSC  PHISCO Other Total
Generation  $ 19 $ — $ — $ — $ 95 $ — $ 25$ 139
ComEd $ 69(a)  — — — 56 — 8 133
PECO 30 — — — — 26 — 3 59
BGE 24 —  — — 38 — 3 65
PHI — — — — — 3 — 9 12
Pepco 28 — —   — 19 14 1 62
DPL 7 — — 1 1 11 12 1 33
ACE 5 — — —  8 13 2 28
Other 10 1 1 — — — —  12
Total $ 173 $ 20 $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 $ 256 $ 39$ 52$ 543
__________
(a)At December 31, 2019 and 2018, Generation also had a contract liability with ComEd for $37 million and $14 million, respectively, that was
included in Other liabilities on Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, ComEd had a Current Payable to
Generation of $41 million and $55 million, respectively, on its Consolidated Balance Sheets, which consisted of Generation’s Current Receivable
from ComEd, partially offset by Generation’s contract liability with ComEd.
365
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Related Party Transactions
Borrowings from Exelon/PHI intercompany money pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Generation, ComEd, PECO, and PHI Corporate
participate in the Exelon money pool. Pepco, DPL  and ACE participate in the PHI intercompany money pool.
Noncurrent Receivables from/Payables to affiliates
Generation has long-term payables to ComEd and PECO as a result of the nuclear decommissioning contractual construct whereby ,
to the extent NDT funds are greater than the underlying ARO at the end of decommissioning, such amounts are due back to ComEd
and PECO, as applicab le, for payment to their respective customers. See Note 9 — Asset Retirem ent Obligations  for additional
information.
The following table presents noncurrent receivables from affiliates at ComEd and PECO which are recorded as noncurrent payables
to affiliates at Generation:
 December 31,
 2019 2018
ComEd $ 2,622 $ 2,217
PECO 480 389
Other 1 —
Total: $ 3,103 $ 2,606
Long-term debt to financing trusts
The following table presents Long-term debt to financing trusts:
 As of December 31,
 2019 2018
 Exelon ComEd PECO Exelon ComEd PECO
ComEd Financing III $ 206 $ 205 $ — $ 206 $ 205 $ —
PECO Trust III 81 — 81 81 — 81
PECO Trust IV 103 — 103 103 — 103
Total $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 $ 390 $ 205 $ 184
Long-term debt to affiliates
In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger , Exelon and subsidiaries of
Generation (former Constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the
third-party debt obligations of Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable included in Long-term debt to affiliates in Generation’ s
Consolidated Balance Sheets and intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate.
366
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Quarterly Data
25. Quarterly Data  (Unaudited) (All Registrants)
Exelon
The data shown below , which may not equal the total for the year due to the effects of rounding and dilution, includes all adjustments
that Exelon considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues  Operating Income  Net Income
Attributable to
Common Shareholders
 2019 2018  2019  2018  2019  2018
Quarter ended:          
March 31 $ 9,477 $ 9,691  $ 1,218  $ 1,099  $ 907  $ 583
June 30 7,689 8,074  841  940  484  537
September 30 8,929 9,401  1,353  1,144  772  731
December 31(a)8,343 8,812  962  706  773  152
 Net Income
per Basic ShareNet Income
per Diluted Share
 2019  2018 2019  2018
Quarter ended:     
March 31 $ 0.93  $ 0.60 $ 0.93  $ 0.60
June 30 0.50  0.56 0.50  0.55
September 30 0.79  0.76 0.79  0.75
December 31 0.79  0.16 0.79  0.16
__________
(a)Operating revenues, Operating income and Net income attributable to common shareholders for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 include
a $6 million reduction related to a correction for Pepco’s decoupling mechanism for the 2019 interim periods. See Note 1 — Significant
Accounting Policies for additional information.
Generation
The data shown below includes all adjustments that Generation considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating IncomeNet Income (Loss)
Attributable to
Membership Interest
 2019 2018 2019 2018 2019  2018
Quarter ended:      
March 31 $ 5,296 $ 5,512 $ 333 $ 347 $ 363  $ 136
June 30 4,210 4,579 147 282 108  178
September 30 4,774 5,278 482 311 257  234
December 31 4,644 5,069 362 35 397  (178)
367
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Quarterly Data
ComEd
The data shown below includes all adjustments that ComEd considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2019  2018 2019  2018 2019  2018
Quarter ended:      
March 31 $ 1,408  $ 1,512 $ 276  $ 292 $ 157  $ 165
June 30 1,351  1,398 311  288 186  164
September 30 1,583  1,598 328  323 200  193
December 31 1,405  1,373 255  242 144  141
PECO
The data shown below includes all adjustments that PECO considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2019  2018 2019  2018 2019 2018
Quarter ended:     
March 31 $ 900  $ 866 $ 222  $ 142 $ 168 $ 113
June 30 655  653 145  127 102 96
September 30 778  757 183  154 140 126
December 31 766  765 162  165 118 124
BGE
The data shown below includes all adjustments that BGE considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues  Operating Income Net Income
 2019  2018  2019 2018 2019  2018
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 976  $ 977  $ 220 $ 177 $ 160  $ 128
June 30 649  662  80 85 45 51
September 30 703  731  91 103 55 63
December 31 779  799  142 109 99 71
368
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Quarterly Data
PHI
The data shown below includes all adjustments that PHI considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income  Net Income
 2019  2018 2019  2018  2019  2018
Quarter ended:        
March 31 $ 1,228  $ 1,249 $ 175  $ 124  $ 117  $ 63
June 30 1,091  1,074 165  151  106  82
September 30 1,380  1,359 256  243  189  185
December 31(a)1,107  1,115 128  124  65 62
__________
(a)Operating revenues, Operating income and Net income attributable to common shareholders for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 include
a $6 million reduction related to a correction for Pepco’s decoupling mechanism for the 2019 interim periods. See Note 1 — Significant
Accounting Policies for additional information.
Pepco
The data shown below includes all adjustments that Pepco considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2019  2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 575  $ 555 $ 84 $ 54 $ 55 $ 29
June 30 531  521 93 83 64 52
September 30 642  626 127 110 98 87
December 31(a)513  529 57 63 26 36
_________
(a)Operating revenues, Operating income and Net income attributable to common shareholders for the quarter ended December 31, 2019 include
a $6 million reduction related to a correction for Pepco’s decoupling mechanism for the 2019 interim periods. See Note 1 — Significant
Accounting Policies for additional information.
DPL
The data shown below includes all adjustments that DPL  considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2019  2018 2019 2018 2019 2018
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 380  $ 384 $ 72 $ 49 $ 53 $ 31
June 30 287  289 44 42 30 26
September 30 319  328 51 51 33 33
December 31 319  331 50 48 31 30
369
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Quarterly Data
ACE
The data shown below includes all adjustments that ACE considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income (Loss)
 2019 2018 2019  2018 2019  2018
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 273 $ 310 $ 21 $ 23 $ 10 $ 7
June 30 274 265 28 25 14 8
September 30 419 406 79 84 63 61
December 31 274 254 23 14 12 (1)
    
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
All Registrants—Disclosure Controls and Procedures
During the fourth quarter of 2019 , each registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of that registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures related to the recording, processing,
summarizing and reporting of information in that registrant’ s periodic reports that it files with the SEC. These disclosure controls and
procedures have been designed by each registrant to ensure that (a) information relating to that registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, that is required to be included in filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is accumulated and made known to
that registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, by other employees of that
registrant and its subsidiaries as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and (b) this information is
recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated and reported, as applicable, within the time perio ds specified in the SEC’ s rules and
forms. Due to the inhere nt limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected . These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally , controls could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by collusion of two or more people.
Accordingly , as of December 31, 2019 , the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of each registrant concluded that
such registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures were ef fective to accomplish their objectives.
All Registrants—Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Each registrant continually strives to improve its disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of its financial reporting
and to maint ain dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. However , there have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fourth  quarter of 2019  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, any of the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
All Registrants—Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is required to assess and report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2019 . As a result  of that assessment, management determined that there were no material weaknesses as of December 31, 2019
and, therefore, concluded that each registrant’ s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Management’ s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION
All Registrants
None.
370
Table of Contents
PART III  
Exelon Gene ration Com pany , LLC, PECO Energ y Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac
Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in
General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K  for a reduced disclosure format. Accordingly , all items in this section relating to
Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE are not presented.
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Executive Officers
The information required by ITEM 10. relating to executive officers is set forth above in ITEM 1. BUSINESS —Executive officers of
the Registrants  at February 11, 2020 .
Directors, Director Nomination Process and Audit Committee
The informa tion require d under ITEM 10 concerning directors and nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of
shareholders (Item 401 of Regulation S-K), the director nomination process (Item 407(c)(3)), the audit committee (Item 407(d)(4) and
(d)(5)) and the beneficial reporting compliance (Sec. 16(a)) is incorporated herein by reference to information to be contained in
Exelon’ s definitive 2020  proxy statement (2020  Exelo n Proxy Stateme nt) and the ComEd information statement (2020  ComEd
Information Statement) to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2020  pursuant to Regulation 14A or 14C, as applicable, under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Code of Ethics
Exelon’ s Code of Business Conduct is the code of ethics that applies to Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Corpor ate Controller , and other finance organization employees. The Code of Business Conduct is filed as Exhibit
14 to this report and is available on Exelon’ s website at www .exeloncorp.com. The Code of Business Conduct will be made
available, without charge, in print to any shareho lder who requests such document from Carter C. Culver , Senior Vice President and
Deputy General Counsel, Exelon Corporation, P .O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398.
If any substa ntive amend ments to the Code of Business Conduct are made or any waivers are granted, including any implicit waiver ,
from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct, to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finan cial Officer or Corporate Controller ,
Exelon will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Exelon’ s website, www .exeloncorp.com, or in a report on Form 8-K.
371
Table of Contents
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under Executive Compensation Data  and Report of the Compensation
Committee in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2020  Annual Meeting of Shar eholders or the ComEd 2020  Information Statement,
which are incorporated herein by reference.
372
Table of Contents
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Ownership of Exelon Stock in the 2020  Exelo n Proxy
Statement or the ComEd 2020  Information Statement and incorporated herein by reference.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Exelon Equity Compensation Plans
 [A]  [B] [C]
Plan CategoryNumber of securities to
be issued upon
exercise of outstanding
Options, warrants and
rights (Note 1)  Weighted-average
price of outstanding
Options, warrants
and rights (Note 2)Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
under equity
compensation plans
(excluding securities
reflected in
column [A]) (Note 3)
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders 8,738,206  $ 21.17 31,091,584
__________
(1)Balance includes stock options, unvested performance shares, and unvested restricted shares granted under the Exelon LTIP or predecessor
company plans including shares awarded under those plans and deferred into the stock deferral plan, and deferred stock units granted to
directors as part of their compensation. Unvested performance shares are subject to performance metrics ranging from 0% to 150% of target
award values and to a total shareholder return modifier. For performance shares granted in 2017, 2018 and 2019, the total includes the number
of shares that could be issued pursuant to the terms of the Exelon LTIP plan, which provides that final payouts are made 50% in shares of stock
and 50% in cash, and if the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were both at maximum, representing a best case
performance scenario, for a total of 4,005,200 shares. If the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were at target, the
number of securities to be issued for such awards would be 2,002,600. The deferred stock units granted to directors includes 467,218 shares to
be issued upon the conversion of deferred stock units awarded to members of the Exelon Board of Directors. Conversion of the deferred stock
units to shares occurs after a director terminates service to the Exelon board or the board of any of its subsidiary companies. See Note 20 —
Stock-Based Compensation Plans of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the material
features of the plans.
(2)The weighted-average price reported in column B does not take the performance shares and shares credited to deferred compensation plans
into account.
(3)Includes 17,125,705 shares remaining available for issuance from the employee stock purchase plan.
No ComEd securities are authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.
373
Table of Contents
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Related Persons Transactions and Director Independence in
the Exelon Proxy Statem ent for the 2020  Annu al Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd  2020  Inform ation Statement, which are
incorporated herein by reference.
374
Table of Contents
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under The Ratification of Pricewat erhouseCoopers LLP as Exelon’ s
Independent Accountant for 2020  in the Exelo n Proxy Statement for the 2020  Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the ComEd 2020
Information Statement, which are incorporated herein by reference.
375
Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:
(1) Exelon
(i)   Financial Statements (Item 8):
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)   Financial Statement Schedules:
   Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate) at December 31, 2019 and 2018 and for
the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
   Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
   Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.
376
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Operating expenses    
Operating and maintenance $ 33 $ (5) $ 10
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 9 9 25
Other 1 4 4
Total operating expenses 43 8 39
Operating loss (43) (8) (39)
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (321) (312) (315)
Equity in earnings of investments 3,254  2,183  4,407
Interest income from af filiates, net 39 42 40
Other , net 14 3 1
Total other income 2,986  1,916  4,133
Income before income taxes 2,943  1,908  4,094
Income taxes 7 (97) 315
Net income $ 2,936  $ 2,005  $ 3,779
Other comprehensive income (loss)    
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:    
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic costs $ (64) $ (66) $ (56)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic cost 148  247  197
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation
adjustment (289) (143) 10
Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges 1 12 3
Unrealized gain on marketable securities — — 6
Unrealized gain on equity investments — 1 6
Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation — (10) 7
Other comprehensive income (loss) (204) 41 173
Comprehensive income $ 2,732  $ 2,046  $ 3,952
See the Notes to Financial Statements
377
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Net cash flows provided by operating activities $ 1,948  $ 2,576  $ 1,914
Cash flows from investing activities     
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 95 1 (129)
Investment in af filiates (1,071 ) (1,231 ) (1,710 )
Other investing activities — — (5)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (976) (1,230 ) (1,844 )
Cash flows from financing activities     
Changes in short-term borrowings 136  — —
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90
days — — 500
Retirement of long-term debt — — (569)
Common stock issued from treasury stock — — 1,150
Dividends paid on common stock (1,408 ) (1,332 ) (1,236 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans 112  105  150
Other financing activities — (4) (9)
Net cash flows used in financing activities (1,160 ) (1,231 ) (14)
(Decrease) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (188) 115  56
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 189  74 18
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 1 $ 189  $ 74
See the Notes to Financial Statements
378
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1$ 189
Accounts receivable, net   
Other accounts receivable 168 48
Accounts receivable from af filiates 41 44
Mark-to-market derivative assets
3 —
Notes receivable from af filiates 679 216
Regulatory assets 253 182
Other 4 4
Total current assets 1,149 683
Property , plant and equipment, net 47 48
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 3,772 3,742
Investments in af filiates 42,245 40,425
Deferred income taxes 1,524 1,455
Notes receivable from af filiates 329 898
Other 308 235
Total deferred debits and other assets 48,178 46,755
Total assets $ 49,374 $ 47,486
See the Notes to Financial Statements
379
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2019 2018
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 636$ 500
Long-term debt due within one year 1,458 —
Accounts payable 1 1
Accrued expenses 131 184
Payables to affiliates 363 360
Regulatory liabilities 13 15
Pension obligations 77 63
Other 10 14
Total current liabilities 2,689 1,137
Long-term debt 5,717 7,147
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Regulatory liabilities 31 32
Pension obligations 7,960 7,795
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 403 199
Deferred income taxes 263 233
Other 87 202
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 8,744 8,461
Total liabilities 17,150 16,745
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’ equity
Common stock (No par value, 2,000 shares authorized, 973 shares and 968
shares outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively) 19,274 19,116
Treasury stock, at cost (2 shares at December 31, 2019 and 2018) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 16,267 14,743
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (3,194) (2,995)
Total shareholders’ equity 32,224 30,741
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 49,374$ 47,486
See the Notes to Financial Statements
380
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 
1. Basis of Presentation
Exelon Corp orate is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. These
condensed financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation
S-X. These statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Exelon
Corporation.
Exelon Corporate owns 100% of all of its significant subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly , except for Commonwealth Edison
Company (ComEd), of which Exelon Corporate owns more than 99%, and Baltim ore Gas and Electric Company (BGE), of which
Exelon owns 100% of the common stock but none of BGE’ s preferred stock.
2. Debt and Credit Agreements
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corp orate meets  its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper . Exelon Corporate
had $136 million  of outstanding commercial paper borrowings at December 31, 2019  and no outstanding commercial paper
borrowings at December 31, 2018 .
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a $500 million  term loan agreement, which was renewed on March 22, 2018 with
an expiration  of March 21, 2019. The loan agreement was renewed on March 20, 2019 and will expire on March 19, 2020. Pursuant
to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.95% and all indebtedness
thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet within Short-T erm borrowings.
Revolving Credit Agreements
On May 26, 2016, Exelon Corporate amended its syndicated revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600
million  through May 26, 2021. On May 26, 2018, Exelon Corporate had its maturity date extended to May 26, 2023. As of
December 31, 2019 , Exelo n Corporation had available capacity under those commitments of $458 million . See Note 16—Debt and
Credit Agree ments  of the Com bined Note s to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding Exelon
Corporation’ s credit agreement.
Long-T erm Debt
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt for Exelon Corporate as of December 31, 2019  and December 31, 2018 :
   
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates 2019 2018
Long-term debt      
Junior subordinated notes  3.50% 2022 $ 1,150 $ 1,150
Senior unsecured notes(a)2.45%- 7.60% 2020 - 2046 5,889 5,889
Total long-term debt    7,039 7,039
Unamortized debt discount and premium,
net    (7) (7)
Unamortized debt issuance costs    (39) (47)
Fair value adjustment    182 162
Long-term debt due within one year    (1,458 ) —
Long-term debt    $ 5,717 $ 7,147
__________
(a)Senior unsecured notes include mirror debt that is held on both Generation and Exelon Corporation's balance sheets.
The debt maturities for Exelon Corporate for the periods 2020 , 2021 , 2022 , 2023 , 2024  and thereafter are as follows:
381
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
2020 $ 1,458
2021 300
2022 1,150
2023 —
2024 —
Remaining years 4,131
Total long-term debt $ 7,039
3. Commitments and Contingencies
See Note 18—Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for Exelon
Corporate’ s commitments and contingencies related to environmental matters and fund transfer restrictions.
4. Related Party T ransactions
The financial statements of Exelon Corporate include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2019  2018  2017
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC(a)$ 9 $ 11 $ 23
Other — (2) 2
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates: $ 9 $ 9 $ 25
Interest income from af filiates, net:    
Generation $ 36 $ 36 $ 37
BSC 3 4 3
Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC(b)— 2 —
Total interest income from af filiates, net: $ 39 $ 42 $ 40
Equity in earnings (losses) of investments:    
Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC(b)$ 2,054  $ 1,830  $ 1,663
Generation 1,125  369  2,710
UII, LLC 97 — 41
PCI 1 (17) 1
BSC — — 1
Exelon Enterprises (16) — 1
Exelon INQB8R (8) — —
Exelon Transmission Company , LLC (2) 1 (10)
Other 3 — —
Total equity in earnings of investments: $ 3,254  $ 2,183  $ 4,407
    
Cash contributions received from af filiates $ 2,514  $ 2,302  $ 1,879
382
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 December 31,
(in millions) 2019 2018
Accounts receivable from af filiates (current):  
BSC(a)$ 11 $ 13
Generation 13 17
ComEd 2 4
PECO 2 2
BGE 1 2
PHISCO 7 6
Exelon VTI, LLC 5 —
Total accounts receivable from af filiates (current): $ 41 $ 44
Notes receivable from af filiates (current):  
BSC(a)$ 109 $ 116
Generation(c)558 100
PHI 12 —
Total notes receivable from af filiates (current): $ 679 $ 216
Investments in af filiates:  
BSC(a)$ 197 $ 197
Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC(b)28,147 26,679
Generation 13,484 13,204
PCI 62 61
UII, LLC 365 268
Exelon Transmission Company , LLC — 1
Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust (4) (1)
Exelon Enterprises 6 22
Exelon INQB8R, LLC (8) —
Other (4) (6)
Total investments in af filiates: $ 42,245 $ 40,425
Notes receivable from af filiates (non-current):  
Generation(c)$ 329 $ 898
Accounts payable to af filiates (current):  
UII, LLC $ 360 $ 360
Exelon Enterprises 3 —
Total accounts payable to af filiates (current): $ 363 $ 360
__________
(a)Exelon Corporate receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology
and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead.
(b)Exelon Energy Delivery Company, LLC consists of ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE.
(c)In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger, Exelon and subsidiaries of Generation (former
Constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of
Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable included in Long-Term Debt to affiliates in Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and
intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate, which are eliminated in consolidation in Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
 Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019    
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 319 $ 119 $ 26(c) $ 170(e) $ 294
Deferred tax valuation allowance 35 — (9) — 26
Reserve for obsolete materials 156 6 —(d) 7 155
For the year ended December 31, 2018  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 322 $ 159 $ 35(c) $ 197(e) $ 319
Deferred tax valuation allowance 37 — 5 7 35
Reserve for obsolete materials 174 25 (31) 12 156
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 334 $ 126 $ 27(b)(c) $ 165(e) $ 322
Deferred tax valuation allowance 20 — 17(b) — 37
Reserve for obsolete materials 113 56 10(b) 5 174
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for uncollectible accounts related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $9 million, $13 million, and $15
million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(b)Primarily represents the addition of PHI's results as of March 23, 2016, the date of the merger.
(c)Includes charges for late payments and non-service receivables.
(d)Primarily reflects the reclassification of assets as held for sale.
(e)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
383
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(2) Generation
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
384
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A  Column B Column C  Column D Column E
    Additions and adjustments   
Description  Balance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
  (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019      
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 104 $ 27 $ (11) $ 39 $ 81
Deferred tax valuation allowance  26 — (2) — 24
Reserve for obsolete materials  145 — — 2 143
For the year ended December 31, 2018   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 114 $ 44 $ 4 $ 58 $ 104
Deferred tax valuation allowance  23 — 3 — 26
Reserve for obsolete materials  166 20 (32)(a) 9 145
For the year ended December 31, 2017   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 91 $ 34 $ — $ 11 $ 114
Deferred tax valuation allowance  9 — 14 — 23
Reserve for obsolete materials  106 51 9 — 166
__________
(a)Primarily reflects the reclassification of assets as held for sale.
385
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
(3) ComEd
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
386
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A  Column B Column C Column D  Column E
  Additions and adjustments   
Description  Balance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
  (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019     
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 81 $ 35 $ 20(a) $ 57(b) $ 79
Reserve for obsolete materials  6 6 — 5 7
For the year ended December 31, 2018   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 73 $ 44 $ 23(a) $ 59(b) $ 81
Reserve for obsolete materials  5 3 1 3 6
For the year ended December 31, 2017   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 70 $ 39 $ 20(a) $ 56(b) $ 73
Reserve for obsolete materials  4 3 1 3 5
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments and non-service receivables.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
387
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
(4) PECO
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
388
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019         
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 61 $ 31 $ 3(b)  $ 33(c)  $ 62
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2
For the year ended December 31, 2018  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 56 $ 33 $ 3(b)  $ 31(c)  $ 61
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 61 $ 26 $ 4(b)  $ 35(c)  $ 56
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for uncollectible accounts related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $9 million, $13 million, and $15
million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
(b)Primarily charges for late payments.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
389
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
(5) BGE
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
390
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019         
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 20 $ 8$ 7$ 18(a) $ 17
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2018  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 24 $ 10 $ (2)$ 12(a) $ 20
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 32 $ 8$ (3)$ 13(a) $ 24
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1
Reserve for obsolete materials — — — — —
__________
(a)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
391
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(6) PHI
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018
and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
392
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A  Column B Column C Column D Column E
    Additions and adjustments   
Description  Balance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
  (in millions)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2019        
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 53 $ 17 $ 7(a) $ 24(b) $ 53
Deferred tax valuation allowance  8 — (8) — —
Reserve for obsolete materials  2 1 — — 3
For the Year Ended December 31, 2018        
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 55 $ 28 $ 7(a) $ 37(b) $ 53
Deferred tax valuation allowance  13 — 2 7 8
Reserve for obsolete materials  2 — — — 2
For the Year Ended December 31, 2017        
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 80 $ 19 $ 6(a) $ 50(b) $ 55
Deferred tax valuation allowance  10 — 3 — 13
Reserve for obsolete materials  2 2 — 2 2
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
393
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
(7) Pepco
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
394
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments   
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 21 $ 7 $ 2(a) $ 10(b) $ 20
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 21 $ 11 $ 3(a) $ 14(b) $ 21
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 29 $ 8 $ 2(a) $ 18(b) $ 21
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 1 — 1 1
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
395
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
(8) DPL
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
396
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
 Additions and adjustments  
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 13 $ 4$ 3(a) $ 5(b) $ 15
Reserve for obsolete materials — — — — —
For the year ended December 31, 2018   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 16 $ 6$ 2(a) $ 11(b) $ 13
Reserve for obsolete materials — — — — —
For the year ended December 31, 2017   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 24 $ 3$ 2(a) $ 13(b) $ 16
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — 1 —
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
397
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
(9) ACE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 11, 2020 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and
2017
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2019 and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
398
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments   
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2019       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 19 $ 5 $ 2(a) $ 8(b) $ 18
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 18 $ 11 $ 2(a) $ 12(b) $ 19
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 27 $ 8 $ 2(a) $ 19(b) $ 18
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
__________
(a) Primarily charges for late payments.
(b) Write-of f of individual accounts receivable.
399
Table of Contents
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:
Certain of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended . Certain other instruments which would otherwise be required to be listed below have not been so listed because such
instruments do not authorize securities in an amount which exceeds 10% of the total assets of the applicable registrant and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and the relevant registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission
upon request.
Exhibit No. Description   
2-1Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 28, 2011 by and among Exelon Corporation, Bolt Acquisition
Corporation and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 28, 2011, Exhibit No. 2-
1).
2-2Distribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation,
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and RF HoldCo LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 2-3).
2-3Contribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation, Exelon
Energy Delivery Company , LLC and RF HoldCo LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 2-4).
2-4Contribution Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation, Exelon V entures Company ,
LLC and Exelon Generation Company , LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit No. 2-5).
2-5Purchase Agreement dated as of August 8, 2012 by and between Constellation Power Source Generation, Inc. and
Raven Power Holdings, LLC. (File No. 333-85496, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, Exhibit 2-
1).
2-6Master Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2010, by and between Electricite de France, S.A. and Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 1, 2010, filed
by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
2-7Put Termination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2010, by and among EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), E.D.F . International S.A., Constellation Nuclear , LLC, and Constellation Energy Nuclear Group,
LLC. (Designated as Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2010, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
2-8Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2010, by and among Constellation Energy Group, Inc., Baltimore
Gas and Electric Company and RF HoldCo LLC. (Designated as Exhibit No. 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated February 4, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
2-9Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of July 18, 2014, among Pepco Holdings, Inc.,
Exelon Corporation and Purple Acquisition Corp. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated July 21, 2014, Exhibit 2.1).
3-1Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Exelon Corporation, as amended July 24, 2018 (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated July 27, 2018, Exhibit 3.1).
3-2Exelon Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended on September 25, 2019 (File No. 001-16169, Form
8-K dated September 13, 2019, Exhibit 3.1).
3-3Certificate of Formation of Exelon Generation Company , LLC (Registration Statement No. 333-85496, Form S-4,
Exhibit 3-1).
400
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description   
3-4Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Exelon Generation Company , LLC dated of October 30,
2019 (File No. 333-85496, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 3.1).
3-5Restated Articles of Incorporation of Commonwealth Edison Company Ef fective February 20, 1985, including
Statements of Resolution Establishing Series, relating to the establishment of three new series of Commonwealth
Edison Company preference stock known as the “$9.00 Cumulative Preference Stock,” the “$6.875 Cumulative
Preference Stock” and the “$2.425 Cumulative Preference Stock” (File No. 1-1839, 1994 Form 10-K, Exhibit 3-2).
3-6Commonwealth Edison Company Amended and Restated By-Laws, Ef fective June 11, 2019 (File No. 001-1839,
Information Statement on Schedule 14C, Appendix B).
3-7Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PECO Energy Company (File No. 1-01401, 2000 Form 10-K,
Exhibit 3-3).
3-8PECO Energy Company Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 1, 2019 (File 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated May
2, 2019, Exhibit 3.2).
3-9Articles of Amendment to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company as of February 2, 2010. (File No. 1-
1910, Form 8-K dated February 4, 2010).
3-10Articles of Restatement to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , restated as of August 16, 1996. (File
No. 1-1910, Form 10-Q dated November 14, 1996, Exhibit No. 3).
3-11Amended and Restated Bylaws of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company dated May 1, 2019 (File No. 1-1910, Form
10-Q dated May 2, 2019, Exhibit 3.1).
3-12Certificate of Formation of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 3.2)
3-13Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated May 1, 2019 (File No.
001-31403, Form 10-Q dated May 2, 2019, Exhibit 3.3)
3-14Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in the
District of Columbia) (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.1)
3-15Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in
Virginia) (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2011, Exhibit 3.3)
3-16Delmarva Power & Light Company Articles of Restatement of Certificate and Articles of Incorporation (filed in
Delaware and V irginia 02/22/07) (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2007, Exhibit 3.3)
3-17Atlantic City Electric Company Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed in New Jersey on August 9, 2002) (File No.
001-03559, Amendment No. 1 to Form U5B dated February 13, 2003, Exhibit B.8.1)
3-18 Bylaws of Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.2)
3-19 Bylaws of Delmarva Power & Light Company (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.1)
3-20 Bylaws of Atlantic City Electric Company (File No. 001-03559, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.2)
401
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description   
4-1First and Refunding Mortgage dated May 1, 1923 between The Counties Gas and Electric Company (predecessor to
PECO Energy Company) and Fidelity Trust Company , Trustee (U.S. Bank National Association, as current successor
trustee), (Registration No. 2-2281, Exhibit B-1).(a)
4-1-1 Supplemental Indentures to PECO Energy Company’ s First and Refunding Mortgage:
 Dated as of   File Reference   Exhibit No.
 December 1, 1941   2-4863(a)  B-1(h)
 April 15, 2004
  0-6844, September 30, 2004 Form 10-
Q(a)  4-1-1
 September 15, 2006
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 25, 2006   4.1
 March 1, 2007
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 19,
2007   4.1
 September 1, 2012
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 17, 2012   4.1
 September 15, 2013
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2013   4.1
 September 1, 2014
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 15, 20144.1
 September 15, 2015
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated October
5, 20154.1
 September 1, 2016
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 21, 20164.1
 September 1, 2017
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 18, 20174.1
 February 1, 2018
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated February
23, 20184.1
 September 1, 2018
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 11, 20184.1
 August 15, 2019
 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 10, 20194.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-2 Exelon Corporation Direct Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-206474, Form S-3, Prospectus).
4-3Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company to Illinois Merchants Trust Company , Trustee (BNY  Mellon Trust
Company of Illinois, as current successor Trustee), dated July 1, 1923, as supplemented and amended by
Supplemental Indenture thereto dated August 1, 1944. (Registration No. 2-60201, Form S-7, Exhibit 2-1).(a)
402
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-3-1 Supplemental Indentures to Commonwealth Edison Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of  File Reference
 January 13, 2003
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
13, 2003   4-4
 February 22, 2006
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 6,
2006   4.1
 August 1, 2006
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated
August 28, 2006   4.1
 September 15, 2006
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
2, 2006   4.1
 March 1, 2007
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 23,
2007   4.1
 August 30, 2007
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated
September 10, 2007   4.1
 December 20, 2007
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
16, 2008   4.1
 March 10, 2008
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 27,
2008   4.1
 July 12, 2010
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 2,
2010   4.1
 August 22, 2011
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated
September 7, 2011   4.1
 September 17, 2012
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
1, 2012   4.1
 August 1, 2013
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
19, 2013   4.1
 January 2, 2014
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
10, 2014   4.1
 October 28, 2014
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 10, 20144.1
 February 18, 2015
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 2,
20154.1
 November 4, 2015
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 19, 20154.1
 June 15, 2016
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated June 27,
20164.1
 August 9, 2017
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
23, 20174.1
403
Table of Contents
 Dated as of  File Reference  
 February 6, 2018
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
20, 20184.1
 July 26, 2018
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
14, 20184.1
 February 7, 2019
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
19, 20194.1
 October 29, 2019
 001-01839, Form 8-K dated November
12, 20194.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-4Instrument of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of February 20, 2002, under the provisions of the
Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company dated July 1, 1923, and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding
corporate trustee (File No. 1-1839, 2001 Form 10-K, Exhibit 4-4-2).
4-5Instrument dated as of January 31, 1996, under the provisions of the Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company
dated July 1, 1923 and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding individual trustee (File No. 1-1839, 1995 Form
10-K, Exhibit 4-29).
4-6Indenture to Subordinated Debt Securities dated as of June 24, 2003 between PECO Energy Company , as Issuer ,
and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (File No. 000-16844, June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4.1).
4-7Form of 4.25% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC. (File 333-85496, Form 8-K
dated June 18, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-8Form of 5.60% Senior Note due 2042 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC. (File 333-85496, Form 8-K
dated June 18, 2012, Exhibit 4.2).
4-9Form of 2.80% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File 1-1910, Form 8-K dated
August 17, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-10Form of 3.35% Senior Note due 2023 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File 1-1910, Form 8-K dated June 17,
2013, Exhibit 4.1).
4-11Form of 6.000% Senior Notes due 2033 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-
K dated September 30, 2013, Exhibit No. 4.1).
4-12Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement between PECO Energy Company , as Guarantor , and U.S. Bank
National Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844, June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q, Exhibit
4.2).
4-13PECO Energy Capital Trust IV Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust among PECO Energy Company , as
Sponsor , U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Delaware Trustee and Property Trustee, and J. Barry Mitchell,
George R. Shicora and Charles S. W alls as Administrative Trustees dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844,
June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4.3).
4-14Indenture dated May 1, 2001 between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company ,
National Association, as trustee (File No. 1-16169, June 30, 2005 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4-10).
4-15Form of $500,000,000 5.625% senior notes due 2035 dated June 9, 2005 issued by Exelon Corporation (File No. 1-
16169, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2005, Exhibit 99.3).
404
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-16Indenture dated as of September 28, 2007 from Exelon Generation Company , LLC to U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (File 333-85496, Form 8-K dated September 28, 2007, Exhibit 4.1).
4-17Form of 6.25% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2039 (File 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2009, Exhibit 4.2).
4-18Form of 4.00% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 30, 2010, Exhibit 4.1).
4-19Form of 5.75% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2041 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 30, 2010, Exhibit 4.2).
4-20Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and the Bank of New York, Trustee dated as of March 24,
1999. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated March 29, 1999, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-75217.)
4-21First Supplemental Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and the Bank of New York, Trustee dated
as of January 24, 2003. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated January
24, 2003, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-102723).
4-22Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed July 24, 2006,
filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-135991).
4-23First Supplemental Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee, dated as of June 27, 2008. (Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated June 30, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
4-24Indenture dated June 19, 2008 between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
4-25Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2013, among Continental Wind, LLC, the guarantors party thereto and
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated September 30, 2013,
Exhibit No. 4.1).
4-26Indenture dated July 1, 1985, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and The Bank of New York (Successor
to Mercantile-Safe Deposit and Trust Company), Trustee. (Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Registration Statement
on Form S-3, File No. 2-98443); as supplemented by Supplemental Indentures dated as of October 1, 1987
(Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 13, 1987, File No. 1-1910) and as
of January 26, 1993 (Designated as Exhibit 4(b) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993, filed
by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).(a)
4-27Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as trustee. (Designated as Exhibit 4(b) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed July 24,
2006, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-135991).
4-28Indenture dated as of June 29, 2007, by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary . (Designated as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated July 5, 2007, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
405
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-29Series Supplement to Indenture dated as of June 29, 2007 by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File
No. 1-1910).
4-30Replacement Capital Covenant dated June 27, 2008. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Current Report on
Form 8-K dated June 30, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
4-31Amendment to Replacement Capital Covenant, dated as of March 12, 2012, amending the Replacement Capital
Covenant, dated as of June 27, 2008 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit No. 99.4).
4-32Officers’  Certificate, dated December 14, 2010, establishing the 5.15% Notes due December 1, 2020 of
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., with the form of Notes attached thereto. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4 (b) to the
Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-
12869).
4-33Officers’  Certificate, November 16, 2011, establishing the 3.50% Notes due November 15, 2021 of Baltimore Gas
and Electric Company , with the form of Notes attached thereto. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Current
Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2011, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
4-34Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.1).
4-35-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2).
4-35-2 Form of 2.50% Notes due 2024 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2, Exhibit A).
4-35-3Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Purchase Contract Agent, Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary . (File
No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4).
4-35-4 Form of Remarketing Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit P).
4-35-5 Form of Corporate Unit (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit A).
4-35-6 Form of Treasury Unit (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit B).
4-36Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , National Association, as trustee (inco rporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Exelon Corporation’ s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 11, 2015).
4-36-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June  11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Exelon
Corporation’ s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 11, 2015).
406
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-36-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 2, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon  Trust Company , National Associati on, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
Exelon Corporation’ s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 2, 2015).
4-37Form of Conversion Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 4.1)
4-38Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2016, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 7, 2016, Exhibit 4.2)
4-39Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated July 1, 1936, of Potomac Electric Power Company to The Bank of New York
Mellon as successor trustee, securing First Mortgage Bonds of Potomac Electric Power Company , and
Supplemental Indenture dated July 1, 1936 (File No. 2-2232, Registration Statement dated June 19, 1936, Exhibit
B-4)(a)
4-39-1 Supplemental Indentures to Potomac Electric Power Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 December 10, 1939  Form 8-K, 1/3/40(a)B
 March 16, 2004  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/23/04 4.3
 May 24, 2005  001-01072, Form 8-K, 5/26/05 4.2
 November 13, 2007  001-01072, Form 8-K, 11/15/07 4.2
 March 24, 2008  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/28/08 4.1
 December 3, 2008  001-01072, Form 8-K, 12/8/08 4.2
 March 28, 2012  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/29/12 4.2
 March 11, 2013  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/12/13 4.2
 November 14, 2013  001-01072, Form 8-K, 11/15/13 4.2
 March 11, 2014  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/12/14 4.2
 March 9, 2015  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/10/15 4.3
 May 15, 2017  001-01072, Form 8-K, 5/22/17 4.2
 June 1, 2018
 001-01072, Form 8-K, 6/21/18 4.2
 May 2, 2019
 001-01072, Form 8-K, 6/13/19 4.2
407
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-40Indenture, dated as of July 28, 1989, between Potomac Electric Power Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon, Trustee, with respect to Medium-T erm Note Program (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 1990,
Exhibit 4)(a)
4-41Senior Note Indenture, dated November 17, 2003 between Potomac Electric Power Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated November 21, 2003, Exhibit 4.2)
4-41-1Supplemental Indenture, dated March 31, 2008, to Senior Note Indenture between Potomac Electric Power
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-K dated March 2, 2009, Exhibit 4.3)
4-42Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Delaware Power & Light Company to The Bank of New York Mellon (ultimate
successor to the New York Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of October 1, 1943, and copies of the First through
Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures thereto (File No. 33-1763, Registration Statement dated November 27, 1985,
Exhibit 4-A)(a)
4-42-1 Supplemental Indentures to Delmarva Power & Light Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 October 1, 1993
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-L
 October 1, 1994
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-N
 January 1, 1997  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 November 7, 2013  001-01405, Form 8-K, 11/8/13 4.2
 June 2, 2014  001-01405, Form 8-K, 6/3/14 4.3
 May 4, 2015  001-01405, Form 8-K, 5/5/15 4.2
 December 5, 2016  001-01405, Form 8-K, 12/12/16 4.2
 April 5, 2017  001-01405, Form 10-Q, 5/3/17 4.5
 April 3, 2018  000-01405, Form 10-Q, 5/2/18 4.3
 June 1, 2018  000-01405, Form 8-K, 6/21/18 4.2
 April 3, 2019  001-01405, Form 10-Q, 5/2/19 4.2
 May 2, 2019  001-01405, Form 8-K, 12/12/19 4.2
408
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-43Indenture between Delmarva Power & Light Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company , N.A.
(ultimate successor to Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of November 1, 1988 (File No.
33-46892, Registration Statement dated April 1, 1992, Exhibit 4-G)(a)
4-44Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated January 15, 1937, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon (formerly Irving Trust Company), as trustee (File No. 2-66280, Registration Statement dated December
21, 1979, Exhibit 2(a))(a)
4-44-1 Supplemental Indentures to Atlantic City Electric Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
 June 1, 1949
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 March 1, 1991  Form 10-K, 3/28/91(a)4(d)(1)
 April 1, 2004  001-03559, Form 8-K, 4/6/04 4.3
 March 8, 2006  001-03559, Form 8-K, 3/17/06 4
 March 29, 2011  001-03559, Form 8-K, 4/1/11 4.2
 August 18, 2014  001-03559, Form 8-K, 8/19/14 4.2
 December 1, 2015  001-03559, Form 8-K, 12/2/15 4.2
 October 9, 2018  001-03559, Form 8-K, 10/16/18 4.1
 May 2, 2019  001-03559, Form 8-K, 5/21/19 4.3
Exhibit No. Description
4-45Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1997, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated March 24, 1997, Exhibit 4.2)
4-46Senior Note Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2004, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon, as trustee (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 6, 2004, Exhibit 4.2)
4-47Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2002 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC and The Bank of
New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 4.1)
4-482002-1 Series Supplement, dated as of December 19, 2002 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 4.2)
4-492003-1 Series Supplement, dated as of December 23, 2003 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2003, Exhibit 4.2)
4-50Indenture, dated September 6, 2002, between Pepco Holdings, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee
(File No. 333-100478, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated October 10, 2002, Exhibit 4.03)
409
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-51 Corporate Commercial Paper Master Note (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-K dated February 24, 2012, Exhibit 4.13)
4-52Pepco Holdings, Inc. Certificate of Series A Non-V oting Non-Convertible Preferred Stock (File No. 001-31403, Form
8-k dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit 3.1)
4-53 Form of 2.400% notes due 2026 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.1)
4-54 Form of 3.500% notes due 2046 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.2)
4-55Form of Exelon Generation Company , LLC 2.950% senior notes due 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
March 10, 2017, Exhibit 4.1)
4-56Form of Exelon Generation Company , LLC 3.400% notes due 2022 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated March 10,
2017, Exhibit 4.2)
4-57Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 3, 2017, between Exelon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as trustee, to that certain Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated June 17,
2014 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.3)
4-58Form of Exelon Corporation 3.497% junior subordinated notes due 2022 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated
April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.4)
4-59Form of First Mortgage Bond, 4.15% Series due March 15, 2043 (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 22,
2017, Exhibit 4.2)
4-60 BGE Form of 3.750% notes due 2047 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 24, 2017, Exhibit 4.1)
4-61Exempt Facilities Loan Agreement dated as of June 1, 2019 between the Maryland Economic Development
Corporation and Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 27, 2019, Exhibit
4.1)
4-62Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2019, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated September 12, 2019, Exhibit 4.1)
4-63 Description of Exelon Securities
4-64 Description of PECO Securities
4-65 Description of ComEd Securities
10-1Exelon Corporation Non-Employee Directors’  Deferred Stock Unit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective
September 25, 2019). * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.1).
10-2Form of Exelon Corporation Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended and restated
Effective March 12, 2012). * (File No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-3)
10-3Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Plan* (File No. 1-
16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.2).
410
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-4Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended (File Nos. 1-11375 and 1-1839, 1995 Form 10-
K, Exhibit 10-12).
10-5Amendment Number One to the Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended January 1,
2008 * (File No. 001-16169, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.16).
10-6Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1,
2009) * (File No. 001-16169, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.19).
10-7PECO Energy Company Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2009)
(File No. 000-16844, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.20).
10-8Exelon Corporation Annual Incentive Plan for Senior Executives (As Amended Ef fective January 1, 2014 * (File No.
1-16169, Exelon Proxy Statement dated April 1, 2014, Appendix A).
10-9Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated ef fective September 25, 2019 (File
No. 1-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.3).
10-10Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-122704, Form S-4, Joint Proxy
Statement-Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) filed June 3, 2005, Annex H).
10-11Form of Stock Option Grant Instrument under the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (File No. 1-
16169, Form 8-K filed January 27, 2006, Exhibit 99.2).
10-12Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Unincorporated Subsidiaries, as amended and restated
effective September 25, 2019 (File No. 1-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.4).
10-13 Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020) *
10-14Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan dated as of January 1, 2003 * (File No. 1-16169, 2006 Form 10-
K, Exhibit 10-52).
10-15First Amendment to Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan, Ef fective January 1, 2006 * (File No. 1-
16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-53).
10-16Amendment Number One to the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, Ef fective December 4, 2006
(File No. 1-16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-54).
10-17Exelon Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2005) (File No.
1-16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-56).
10-18Exelon Corporation Stock Deferral Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective September 25, 2019) (File No. 1-
16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.5).
10-19 Restricted stock unit award agreement (File 1-16169, Form 8-K dated August 31, 2007, Exhibit 99.1).
10-20Form of Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended ef fective December 18, 2014. * (File
No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-34)
10-20-1 Form of Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2020. *
10-20-2Amendment Number Two to the Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated
Effective January 21, 2014), Ef fective October 26, 2015. * (File No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-34-3)
411
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-21Form of Separation Agreement under Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and
Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020)
10-22Credit Agreement for $500,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Corporation and V arious Financial
Institutions (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit No. 99.1).
10-23Credit Agreement for $5,300,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Generation Company , LLC and
Various Financial Institutions (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit No. 99.2).
10-24Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between PECO Energy Company and V arious
Financial Institutions (File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit No. 99.3).
10-25Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2012 among Commonwealth Edison Company , Various Financial
Institutions, as Lenders, and JP  Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K
dated March 28, 2012, Exhibit No. 99-1).
10-26Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 23, 2011 among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated August 10, 2013, Exhibit No. 99-1).
10-27Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2012 among Commonwealth Edison Company , as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-1839, Form 8-K dated August 10, 2013, Exhibit No. 99-2).
10-28Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2011, to the Credit Agreement dated as of March
23, 2011, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit No. 4-6).
10-29Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated. *
(Designated as Exhibit No. 10(b) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-30Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and
restated. * (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(c) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-31Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits Restoration Plan, amended and restated ef fective June 1, 2010. *
(Designated as Exhibit No. 10(b) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-32Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated as Exhibit
No. 10(e) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-33Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior Executive Supplemental Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated as
Exhibit No. 10(f) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
412
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-34Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Executive Supplemental Benefits Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated
as Exhibit No. 10(a) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, filed
by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-35Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Long-T erm Incentive Plan. * (Designated as Exhibit
No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 4, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File
No. 1-12869).
10-36Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2009, by and among Constellation
Energy Nuclear Group, LLC, Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Development Inc., and for certain
limited purposes, E.D.F . International S.A. and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10.1 to
the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2009, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-
12869).
10-37Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(s) to the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-
1910).
10-38Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(t) to the Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-39Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-
K dated November 3, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
10-40Termination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2010, by and among EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), E.D.F . International S.A., and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10.2
to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-
12869).
10-41Settlement Agreement between EDF Inc., Exelon Corporation, Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC,
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company dated January 16, 2012. (Designated as
Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 19, 2012, File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-42-1Confirmation of Base Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 11, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and Barclays
Capital, Inc., acting as Agent for Barclays Bank PLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit
10.1).
10-42-2Confirmation of Base Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 11, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and Goldman
Sachs & Co. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 10.2).
10-42-3Confirmation of Additional Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 13, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and
Barclays Capital, Inc., acting as Agent for Barclays Bank PLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014,
Exhibit 10.3).
10-42-4Confirmation of Additional Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 13, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and
Goldman Sachs & Co. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 10.4).
10-43Bondable Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2002, between ACE Funding and ACE
(File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 10.1)
413
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-44Bondable Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2002, between ACE Funding and
ACE (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 10.2)
10-45Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2010, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Conectiv , LLC, Conectiv
Energy Holding Company , LLC and New Development Holdings, LLC (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated July 8,
2010, Exhibit 2.1)
10-46Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2015, among Potomac Electric Power Company and BNY  Mellon Capital
Markets, LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and RBS Securities Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters
named therein (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 10, 2015, Exhibit 1.1)
10-47Purchase Agreement, May 4, 2015, among Delmarva Power & Light Company and J.P . Morgan Securities LLC,
Merrill L ynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., as representatives of the several
underwriters named therein (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated May 5, 2015, Exhibit 1.1)
10-48Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2015, among Atlantic City Electric Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, Exhibit 1.1)
10-49$300,000,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the
lenders party thereto, dated July 30, 2015 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated July 30, 2015, Exhibit 10)
10-50First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova
Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated October 29,
2015, Exhibit 10.2)
10-51$500,000,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the
lenders party thereto, dated January 13, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated January 14, 2016, Exhibit 10)
10-52Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc.,
Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the
lenders party thereto, W ells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent, issuer and swingline lender , Bank of
America, N.A., as syndication agent and issuer , The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Citicorp USA, Inc., as co-
documentation agents, W ells Fargo Securities, LLC and Merrill L ynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated, as
active joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and RBS Securities, Inc. as
passive joint lead arrangers and joint book runners (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2011, Exhibit
10.1)
10-52-1First Amendment, dated as of August 2, 2012, to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
August 1, 2011, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light
Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the various financial institutions party thereto, W ells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as agent, issuer of letters of credit and swingline lender , Bank of America, N.A., as syndication
agent and issuer of letters of credit, and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Citibank, N.A., as co-documentation
agents (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2013, Exhibit 10.25.1)
10-52-2Amendment and Consent to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014, by and
among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic
City Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 20, 2014, Exhibit 10.1)
10-52-3Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2015, by and among
Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City
Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and W ells
Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 1, 2015, Exhibit 10.1)
10-52-4Consent, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company ,
Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to
time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and W ells Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-
K dated October 29, 2015, Exhibit 10.1)
414
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-53Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated as of June 7, 2000, by and
between Pepco and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 13, 2000, Exhibit 10)
10-53-1Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated
September 18, 2000, by and between Potomac Electric Power Company and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-
01072, Form 8-K dated December 19, 2000, Exhibit 10.1)
10-53-2Amendment No. 2 to the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated
December 19, 2000, by and between Potomac Electric Power Company and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-
01072, Form 8-K dated December 19, 2000, Exhibit 10.2)
10-54First Amendment to Loan Agreement, by and between Pepco Holdings LLC and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
administrative agent and lender , dated March 28, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 28, 2016,
Exhibit 10)
10-55Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.1)
10-56Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.2)
10-57Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Commonwealth Edison Company , as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.3)
10-58Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among PECO Energy Company , as Borrower ,
the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent (File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.4)
10-59Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Baltimore Gas and Electric Company ,
as Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.5)
10-60Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, among Pepco
Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric
Company , as Borrowers, the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and W ells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as Administrative Agent (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.6)
10-612016 Form of Exelon Corporation Change in Control Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 26,
2016, Exhibit 10.1)
10-62Execution V ersion-ZEC Standard Contract by and between the NYSERDA  and Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC
dated Nov . 18, 2016 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated November 18, 2016, Exhibit 10.1)
10-63Execution V ersion-ZEC Standard Contract by and between the NYSERDA  and R. E. Ginna Nuclear Power Plant,
LLC dated Nov . 18, 2016 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated November 18, 2016, Exhibit 10.2)
10-64Credit Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2017, as thereafter amended and conformed among ExGen
Renewables IV , LLC, ExGen Renewables IV Holding, LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative
agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depository bank and collateral agent, and the lenders and other
agents party thereto. (Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted by redacting a portion of text, as indicated
by asterisks in the text. This exhibit has been filed separately with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.)
415
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-65Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2018 among Delmarva Power & Light Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018, Exhibit 1.1)
10-66Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2018, among Potomac Electric Power Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018, Exhibit 1.1)
10-67Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Denis P . O’Brien (File No. 001-16169, Form
10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.3)
10-68Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Jonathan W . Thayer (File No. 001-16169,
Form 10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.4)
14Exelon Code of Conduct, as amended March 12, 2012 (File No. 1-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 14-1).
 Subsidiaries
21-1 Exelon Corporation
21-2 Exelon Generation Company , LLC
21-3 Commonwealth Edison Company
21-4 PECO Energy Company
21-5 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
21-6 Pepco Holdings LLC
21-7 Potomac Electric Power Company
21-8 Delmarva Power & Light Company
21-9 Atlantic City Electric Company
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accountants
23-1 Exelon Corporation
23-2 Exelon Generation Company , LLC
23-3 Commonwealth Edison Company
23-4 PECO Energy Company
23-5 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
23-6 Potomac Electric Power Company
23-7 Delmarva Power & Light Company
23-8 Atlantic City Electric Company
 Power of Attorney (Exelon Corporation)
24-1 Anthony K. Anderson
24-2 Ann C. Berzin
24-3 Laurie Brlas
24-4 Christopher M. Crane
24-5 Yves C. de Balmann
24-6 Nicholas DeBenedictis
416
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-7 Linda P . Jojo
24-8 Paul Joskow
24-9 Robert J. Lawless
24-10 Richard W . Mies
24-11 Reserved.
24-12 Mayo A. Shattuck III
24-13 Stephen D. Steinour
24-14 John F . Young
24-15 John Richardson
 Power of Attorney (Commonwealth Edison Company)
24-16 James W . Compton
24-17 Christopher M. Crane
24-18 A. Steven Crown
24-19 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-20 Joseph Dominguez
24-21 Peter V . Fazio, Jr .
24-22 Michael H. Moskow
24-23 Calvin G. Butler
24-24 Juan Ochoa
 Power of Attorney (PECO Energy Company)
24-25 Christopher M. Crane
24-26 Reserved.
24-27 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-28 Nelson A. Diaz
24-29 John S. Grady
24-30 Rosemarie B. Greco
24-31 Michael A. Innocenzo
24-32 Charisse R. Lillie
24-33 Calvin G. Butler
 Power of Attorney (Baltimore Gas and Electric Company)
24-34 Ann C. Berzin
24-35 Carim V . Khouzami
24-36 Christopher M. Crane
417
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-37 Michael E. Cryor
24-38 James R. Curtiss
24-39 Joseph Haskins, Jr .
24-40 Calvin G. Butler
24-41 Michael D. Sullivan
24-42 Maria Harris Tildon
 Power of Attorney (Pepco Holdings LLC)
24-43 Christopher M. Crane
24-44 Linda W . Cropp
24-45 Michael E. Cryor
24-46 Ernest Dianastasis
24-47 Debra P . DiLorenzo
24-48 Calvin G. Butler
24-49 David M. V elazquez
 Power of Attorney (Potomac Electric Power Company)
24-50 J. Tyler Anthony
24-51 Phillip S. Barnett
24-52 Christopher M. Crane
24-53 Melissa A. Lavinson
24-54 Kevin M. McGowan
24-55 Calvin G. Butler
24-56 David M. V elazquez
 Power of Attorney (Delmarva Power & Light Company)
24-57 Calvin G. Butler
24-58 David M. V elazquez
 Power of Attorney (Atlantic City Electric Company)
24-59 David M. V elazquez
Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
31-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
31-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
31-3 Filed by Kenneth W . Cornew for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
31-4 Filed by Bryan P . Wright for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
418
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
31-5 Filed by Joseph Dominguez for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-6 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-7 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
31-8 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
31-9 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-10 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-11 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-13 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-15 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-17 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Atlantic City Electric Company
31-18 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code as to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2018 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
32-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
32-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
32-3 Filed by Kenneth W . Cornew for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
32-4 Filed by Bryan P . Wright for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
32-5 Filed by Joseph Dominguez for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-6 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-7 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
32-8 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
32-9 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-10 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-11 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-13 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-15 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-17 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Atlantic City Electric Company
32-18 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
419
Table of Contents
101.INS Inline XBRL  Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
XBRL  tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL  document.
101.SCH Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.
101.PRE Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL  and contained in Exhibit 101)
__________
* Compensatory plan or arrangements in which directors or officers of the applicable registrant participate and which are not available to all
employees.
(a)These filings are not available electronically on the SEC website as they were filed in paper previous to the electronic system that is currently in
place.
420
Table of Contents
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
All Registrants
Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Registrants have
elected not to include such summary information.
421
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
 
EXELON CORPORA TION
  
By:  /s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE
Name:  Christopher M. Crane
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorChristopher M. Crane
 
/s/ JOSEPH NIGRO   Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Joseph Nigro
 
/s/ FABIAN E. SOUZA   Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller (Principal
Accounting Of ficer)Fabian E. Souza
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Thomas S. O'Neill, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
 Anthony K. Anderson
Ann C. Berzin
Laurie Brlas
Yves C. de Balmann
Nicholas DeBenedictis
Linda P . Jojo
Paul L. Joskow
  Robert J. Lawless
Richard W . Mies
John M. Richardson
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Stephen D. Steinour
John F . Young 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   /s/ THOMAS S. O'NEILL   February 11, 2020
Name:   Thomas S. O'Neill    
422
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
EXELON GENERA TION COMP ANY, LLC  
   
By:  /s/ KENNETH W . CORNEW  
Name:  Kenneth W . Cornew  
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer  
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ KENNETH W . CORNEW   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer)Kenneth W . Cornew
 
/s/ BR YAN P . WRIGHT   Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer (Principal
Financial Of ficer)Bryan P . Wright
 
/s/ MA TTHEW N. BAUER   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Matthew N. Bauer
423
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ
Name:  Joseph Dominguez
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
Signature   Title
 
/s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorJoseph Dominguez
 
/s/ JEANNE M. JONES   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Jeanne M. Jones
 
/s/ GERALD J. KOZEL   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Gerald J. Kozel
This annual report has also been signed below by Joseph Dominguez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin G. Butler
James W . Compton
Christopher M. Crane
A. Steven Crown
  Nicholas DeBenedictis
Peter V . Fazio, Jr .
Michael H. Moskow
Juan Ochoa
By:   /s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ   February 11, 2020
Name:   Joseph Dominguez    
424
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO
Name:  Michael A. Innocenzo
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
Signature   Title
 
/s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorMichael A. Innocenzo
 
/s/ ROBER T J. STEF ANI   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Robert J. Stefani
 
/s/ SCOTT  A. BAILEY   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Scott A. Bailey
This annual report has also been signed below by Michael A. Innocenzo, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin G. Butler  John S. Grady
Christopher M. Crane  Rosemarie B. Greco
Nicholas DeBenedictis   Charisse R. Lillie
Nelson A. Diaz   
By:   /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   February 11, 2020
Name:   Michael A. Innocenzo   
425
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI
Name:  Carim V . Khouzami
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorCarim V . Khouzami
 
/s/ DA VID M. V AHOS   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)David M. V ahos
 
/s/ ANDREW W . HOLMES   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Andrew W . Holmes
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Carim V. Khouzami, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Ann C. Berzin   James R. Curtiss
Calvin G. Butler  Joseph Haskins, Jr .
Christopher M. Crane   Michael D. Sullivan
Michael E. Cryor  Maria Harris T ildon
 
By:   /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   February 11, 2020
Name:   Carim V . Khouzami   
    
426
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin. G. Butler  Michael E. Cryor
Christopher M. Crane   Ernest Dianastasis
Linda W . Cropp   Debra P . DiLorenzo
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 11, 2020
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
427
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
J. Tyler Anthony   Christopher M. Crane
Phillip S. Barnett   Melissa A. Lavinson
Calvin G. Butler  Kevin M. McGowan
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 11, 2020
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
428
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin G. Butler    
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 11, 2020
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
429
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
11th day of February , 2020 .
ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 11th day of February , 2020 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
 
430
