10-K 1 exc-20181231x10k.htm FORM 10-K
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
  FORM 10-K
ý ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018
 or
¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission
File Number  Name of Registrant; State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Address of Principal Executive Offices;
and T elephone Number  IRS Employer
Identification
Number
1-16169  EXELON CORPORATION  23-2990190
  (a Pennsylvania corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
P.O. Box 805379
Chicago, Illinois 60680-5379
(800) 483-3220  
333-85496  EXELON GENERATION COMPANY, LLC  23-3064219
  (a Pennsylvania limited liability company)
300 Exelon Way
Kennett Square, Pennsylvania 19348-2473
(610) 765-5959  
1-1839  COMMONWEALTH EDISON COMPANY  36-0938600
  (an Illinois corporation)
440 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois 60605-1028
(312) 394-4321  
000-16844  PECO ENERGY COMPANY  23-0970240
  (a Pennsylvania corporation)
P.O. Box 8699
2301 Market Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101-8699
(215) 841-4000  
1-1910  BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY  52-0280210
  (a Maryland corporation)
2 Center Plaza
110 West Fayette Street
Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3708
(410) 234-5000  
001-31403  PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC  52-2297449
  (a Delaware limited liability company)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068
(202) 872-2000  
001-01072  POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY  53-0127880
  (a District of Columbia and Virginia corporation)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068
(202) 872-2000  
001-01405  DELMARVA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY  51-0084283
  (a Delaware and Virginia corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702
(202) 872-2000  
001-03559  ATLANTIC CITY ELECTRIC COMPANY  21-0398280
  (a New Jersey corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702
(202) 872-2000  
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange on
Which Registered
EXELON CORPORA TION:    
Common Stock, without par value   New York and Chicago
Series A Junior Subordinated Debentures   New York
Corporate Units  New York
PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY:    
Trust Receipts of PECO Energy Capital Trust III, each representing a 7.38% Cumulative Preferred Security,
Series D, $25 stated value, issued by PECO Energy Capital, L.P. and unconditionally guaranteed by PECO
Energy Company   New York
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of Each Class
COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY:
Common Stock Purchase Warrants, 1971 Warrants and Series B Warrants
POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY:
Common Stock, $0.01 par value
DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT COMP ANY:
Common Stock, $2.25 par value
ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY:
Common Stock, $3.00 par value
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Exelon Corporation Yes   x   No   o
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Yes   x   No   o
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes   x   No   o
PECO Energy Company Yes   x   No   o
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes   x   No   o
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes   x No   o
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes   o No   x
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes   o No   x
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes   o No   x
     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Exelon Corporation Yes   o  No   x
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Yes   o  No   x
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes   o  No   x
PECO Energy Company Yes   o  No   x
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes   o  No   x
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes   o  No   x
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes   o  No   x
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes   o  No   x
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes   o  No   x
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ý    No  ¨
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  ý    No  ¨
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrants’ knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging
growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
 Large Accelerated
Filer  Accelerated FilerNon-accelerated
FilerSmaller Reporting
Company  Emerging Growth
Company
Exelon Corporation x     
Exelon Generation Company, LLC   x  
Commonwealth Edison Company   x  
PECO Energy Company   x  
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company   x  
Pepco Holdings LLC   x  
Potomac Electric Power Company   x  
Delmarva Power & Light Company   x  
Atlantic City Electric Company   x  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  o  No  x
The estimated aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of each registrant as of June 30,
2018 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value   $41,118,095,431
Exelon Generation Company, LLC   Not applicable
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value   No established market
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value   None
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, without par value   None
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company None
Delmarva Power & Light Company None
Atlantic City Electric Company None
     The number of shares outstanding of each registrant’s common stock as of January 31, 2019 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value   969,745,933
Exelon Generation Company, LLC   Not applicable
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value   127,021,331
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value   170,478,507
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Common Stock, without par value   1,000
Pepco Holdings LLC  Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company Common Stock, $0.01 par value  100
Delmarva Power & Light Company Common Stock, $2.25 par value  1,000
Atlantic City Electric Company Common Stock, $3.00 par value  8,546,017
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders and the Commonwealth Edison Company 2019 Information Statement are
incorporated by reference in Part III.
     Exelon Generation Company, LLC, PECO Energy Company, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power
Company, Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of
Form 10-K and are therefore filing this Form in the reduced disclosure format.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Page No.
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS 1
FILING FORMA T 6
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION 6
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION 6
  
PART I  
ITEM 1. BUSINESS 7
 General 7
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 8
 Utility Operations 17
 Employees 21
 Environmental Regulation 21
 Executive Of ficers of the Registrants 26
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS 31
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS 49
ITEM 2. PROPER TIES 50
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 50
 Commonwealth Edison Company 55
 PECO Energy Company 55
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 56
 Potomac Electric Power Company 57
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 58
 Atlantic City Electric Company 59
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS 60
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES 60
PART II  
ITEM 5. MARKET  FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES 61
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL  DATA 65
 Exelon Corporation 65
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 66
 Commonwealth Edison Company 66
 PECO Energy Company 67
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 68
 Pepco Holdings LLC 68
 Potomac Electric Power Company 69
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 70
 Atlantic City Electric Company 70
 Page No.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS 72
 Exelon Corporation 72
 Executive Overview 72
 Financial Results of Operations 73
 Significant 2018 Transactions and Recent Developments 78
 Exelon's Strategy and Outlook for 2019 and Beyond 83
 Liquidity Considerations 85
 Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies 85
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 91
 Results of Operations 102
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 103
 Commonwealth Edison Company 111
 PECO Energy Company 115
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 119
 Pepco Holdings LLC 122
 Potomac Electric Power Company 124
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 128
 Atlantic City Electric Company 133
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 136
 Contractual Obligations and Of f-Balance Sheet Arrangements 156
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK 163
 Exelon Corporation 163
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 171
 Commonwealth Edison Company 173
 PECO Energy Company 175
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 177
 Pepco Holdings LLC 179
 Potomac Electric Power Company 181
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 183
 Atlantic City Electric Company 185
 Page No.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA 187
 Exelon Corporation 212
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 217
 Commonwealth Edison Company 222
 PECO Energy Company 227
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 232
 Pepco Holdings LLC 237
 Potomac Electric Power Company 242
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 247
 Atlantic City Electric Company 252
 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 257
 1. Significant Accounting Policies 258
 2. Variable Interest Entities 272
 3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 279
 4. Regulatory Matters 283
 5. Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions 302
 6. Property , Plant and Equipment 309
 7. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangibles 315
 8. Early Plant Retirements 317
 9. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant 321
 10. Intangible Assets 322
 11. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities 326
 12. Derivative Financial Instruments 347
 13. Debt and Credit Agreements 360
 14. Income Taxes 374
 15. Asset Retirement Obligations 387
 16. Retirement Benefits 392
 17. Severance 410
 18. Shareholders' Equity 412
 19. Stock-Based Compensation Plans 413
 20. Earnings Per Share 418
 21. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 419
 22. Commitments and Contingencies 423
 23. Supplemental Financial Information 436
 24. Segment Information 450
 25. Related Party Transactions 463
 26. Quarterly Data 475
 27. Subsequent Events 478
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 479
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 479
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION 479
 Page No.
PART III  
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE 480
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION 481
ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF CER TAIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  AND
RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS 482
ITEM 13. CER TAIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE 483
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES 484
PART IV  
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT  SCHEDULES 485
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMAR Y 541
SIGNA TURES 542
 Exelon Corporation 542
 Exelon Generation Company , LLC 543
 Commonwealth Edison Company 544
 PECO Energy Company 545
 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 546
 Pepco Holdings LLC 547
 Potomac Electric Power Company 548
 Delmarva Power & Light Company 549
 Atlantic City Electric Company 550
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Exelon Corporation and Related Entities
Exelon  Exelon Corporation
Generation  Exelon Generation Company , LLC
ComEd  Commonwealth Edison Company
PECO  PECO Energy Company
BGE  Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Pepco Holdings or PHI   Pepco Holdings LLC (formerly Pepco Holdings, Inc.)
Pepco   Potomac Electric Power Company
DPL   Delmarva Power & Light Company
ACE   Atlantic City Electric Company
Registrants
 Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE,
collectively
Utility Registrants  ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE, collectively
Legacy PHI  PHI, Pepco, DPL, ACE, PES and PCI collectively
ACE Funding or ATF   Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
Antelope V alley  Antelope V alley Solar Ranch One
BondCo  RSB BondCo LLC
BSC  Exelon Business Services Company , LLC
CENG  Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC
Constellation  Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
EEDC  Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC
EGR IV  ExGen Renewables IV , LLC
EGRP  ExGen Renewables Partners, LLC
EGTP  ExGen Texas Power , LLC
Entergy  Entergy Nuclear FitzPatrick, LLC
Exelon Corporate  Exelon in its corporate capacity as a holding company
Exelon T ransmission Company  Exelon Transmission Company , LLC
Exelon W ind  Exelon Wind, LLC and Exelon Generation Acquisition Company , LLC
FitzPatrick  James A. FitzPatrick nuclear generating station
PCI   Potomac Capital Investment Corporation and its subsidiaries
PEC L.P .  PECO Energy Capital, L.P .
PECO T rust III  PECO Capital Trust III
PECO T rust IV  PECO Energy Capital Trust IV
Pepco Energy Services or PES   Pepco Energy Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries
PHI Corporate  PHI in its corporate capacity as a holding company
PHISCO  PHI Service Company
RPG  Renewable Power Generation
SolGen  SolGen, LLC
TMI  Three Mile Island nuclear facility
UII  Unicom Investments, Inc.
 
1
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
AEC
 Alternative Energy Credit that is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified alternative energy source
AESO  Alberta Electric Systems Operator
AFUDC  Allowance for Funds Used During Construction
AGE  Albany Green Energy Project
AMI  Advanced Metering Infrastructure
AMP  Advanced Metering Program
AOCI  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
ARC  Asset Retirement Cost
ARO  Asset Retirement Obligation
ARP  Alternative Revenue Program
ASA  Asset Sale Agreement
BGS   Basic Generation Service
CAISO  California ISO
CAP  Customer Assistance Program
CCGT s  Combined-Cycle gas turbines
CERCLA
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, as amended
CES  Clean Energy Standard
Clean Air Act  Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended
Clean W ater Act  Federal W ater Pollution Control Amendments of 1972, as amended
Conectiv   Conectiv , LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI and the parent of DPL  and ACE
during the Predecessor periods
Conectiv Energy   Conectiv Energy Holdings, Inc. and substantially all of its subsidiaries, which
were sold to Calpine in July 2010
ConEdison Solutions
 The competitive retail electricity and natural gas business of Consolidated
Edison Solutions, Inc., a subsidiary of Consolidated Edison, Inc
CSAPR  Cross-State Air Pollution Rule
CTA   Consolidated tax adjustment
D.C. Circuit Court  United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
DC PLUG  District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative
DCPSC   District of Columbia Public Service Commission
DDOT  District Department of Transportation
DOE  United States Department of Energy
DOEE  Department of Energy & Environment
DOJ  United States Department of Justice
DPSC   Delaware Public Service Commission
DSP  Default Service Provider
DSP Program  Default Service Provider Program
EDF  Electricite de France SA  and its subsidiaries
EIMA
 Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act (Illinois Senate Bill 1652 and Illinois
House Bill 3036)
EmPower   A Maryland demand-side management program for Pepco and DPL
EPA  United States Environmental Protection Agency
2
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
EPSA  Electric Power Supply Association
ERCOT  Electric Reliability Council of Texas
ERISA  Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
EROA  Expected Rate of Return on Assets
FASB  Financial Accounting Standards Board
FEJA  Illinois Public Act 99-0906 or Future Energy Jobs Act
FERC  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
FRCC  Florida Reliability Coordinating Council
GAAP  Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States
GCR   Gas Cost Rate
GHG  Greenhouse Gas
GSA  Generation Supply Adjustment
GWh  Gigawatt hour
IBEW  International Brotherhood of Electrical W orkers
ICC  Illinois Commerce Commission
ICE  Intercontinental Exchange
IIP  Infrastructure Investment Program
Illinois EP A  Illinois Environmental Protection Agency
Illinois Settlement Legislation  Legislation enacted in 2007 af fecting electric utilities in Illinois
Integrys  Integrys Energy Services, Inc.
IPA  Illinois Power Agency
IRC  Internal Revenue Code
IRS  Internal Revenue Service
ISO  Independent System Operator
ISO-NE  ISO New England Inc.
ISO-NY  ISO New York
kV  Kilovolt
kW  Kilowatt
kWh  Kilowatt-hour
LIBOR  London Interbank Of fered Rate
LLRW  Low-Level Radioactive W aste
LNG  Liquefied Natural Gas
LTIP  Long-T erm Incentive Plan
MAPP   Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway
MATS  U.S. EP A Mercury and Air Toxics Rule
MBR  Market Based Rates Incentive
MDE  Maryland Department of the Environment
MDPSC  Maryland Public Service Commission
MGP  Manufactured Gas Plant
MISO  Midcontinent Independent System Operator , Inc.
mmcf  Million Cubic Feet
Moody’ s  Moody’ s Investor Service
3
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
MOPR  Minimum Of fer Price Rule
MRV  Market-Related V alue
MW  Megawatt
MWh  Megawatt hour
n.m.  not meaningful
NAAQS  National Ambient Air Quality Standards
NAV  Net Asset V alue
NDT  Nuclear Decommissioning Trust
NEIL  Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited
NERC  North American Electric Reliability Corporation
NGS  Natural Gas Supplier
NJBPU   New Jersey Board of Public Utilities
NJDEP  New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
NLRB  National Labor Relations Board
Non-Regulatory Agreements Units
 Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are not subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
NOSA  Nuclear Operating Services Agreement
NPDES  National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
NRC  Nuclear Regulatory Commission
NSPS  New Source Performance Standards
NWP A  Nuclear W aste Policy Act of 1982
NYMEX  New York Mercantile Exchange
NYPSC  New York Public Service Commission
OCI  Other Comprehensive Income
OIESO  Ontario Independent Electricity System Operator
OPC   Office of People’ s Counsel
OPEB  Other Postretirement Employee Benefits
PA DEP  Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
PAPUC  Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
PCB  Polychlorinated Biphenyl
PGC  Purchased Gas Cost Clause
PJM  PJM Interconnection, LLC
POLR  Provider of Last Resort
POR  Purchase of Receivables
PPA  Power Purchase Agreement
Price-Anderson Act  Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act of 1957
Preferred Stock   Originally issued shares of non-voting, non-convertible and non-transferable
Series A preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share
PRP  Potentially Responsible Parties
PSEG  Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
PV  Photovoltaic
RCRA  Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended
4
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations  
REC
 Renewable Energy Credit which is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified renewable energy source
Regulatory Agreement Units
 Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
RES  Retail Electric Suppliers
RFP  Request for Proposal
Rider  Reconcilable Surcharge Recovery Mechanism
RGGI  Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative
RMC  Risk Management Committee
RNF  Revenue Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense
ROE   Return on equity
RPM  PJM Reliability Pricing Model
RPS  Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards
RSSA  Reliability Support Services Agreement
RTEP  Regional Transmission Expansion Plan
RTO  Regional Transmission Organization
S&P  Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services
SEC  United States Securities and Exchange Commission
SERC  SERC Reliability Corporation (formerly Southeast Electric Reliability Council)
SGIG  Smart Grid Investment Grant from DOE
SILO  Sale-In, Lease-Out
SNF  Spent Nuclear Fuel
SOS  Standard Of fer Service
SPFP A  Security , Police and Fire Professionals of America
SPP  Southwest Power Pool
TCJA
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
Transition Bond Charge   Revenue ACE receives, and pays to ACE Funding, to fund the principal and
interest payments on Transition Bonds and related taxes, expenses and fees
Transition Bonds   Transition Bonds issued by ACE Funding
Upstream  Natural gas and oil exploration and production activities
VIE  Variable Interest Entity
WECC  Western Electric Coordinating Council
ZEC  Zero Emission Credit
ZES  Zero Emission Standard
5
Table of Contents
FILING FORMA T
This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is being filed separately by Exelon Corporation, Exelon Generation Company , LLC,
Commonwealth Edison Company , PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac
Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company (Registrants). Information contained
herein relatin g to any individual Registrant is filed by such Registrant on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any representation as
to information relating to any other Registrant.
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION
This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Secu rities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
that are subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements made by the Registrants include those factors discussed herein, including those factors discussed with respect to the
Registrants discussed in (a) ITEM 1A. Risk Factors, (b) ITEM 7. Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and (c) ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies;
and (d) other factors discussed in filings with the SEC by the Registrants. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forwar d-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Report. None of the Registrants undertakes any obligation
to publicly release any revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report.
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION
The SEC maintains an Internet site at www .sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
that the Registrants file electronically with the SEC. These documents are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and the Registrants’  website at www .exeloncorp.com. Information contained on the Registrants’  website shall not
be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Report.
6
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
General
Corporate Structure and Business and Other Information
Exelon, incorporated in Pennsylvania in Februa ry 1999, is a utility services holding company engaged, through Generation, in the
energy generation business, and through Com Ed, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE in the energy delivery businesses
discussed below . Exelon’ s principal executive of fices are located at 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603.
Name of Registrant   State/Jurisdiction and
  Business   Service
  Address of Principal
Year of Incorporation Territories Executive Offices
Exelon Generation
Company, LLCPennsylvania (2000) Generation, physical delivery and
marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its
customer-facing business, Constellation,
which sells electricity to both wholesale
and retail customers. Generation also
sells natural gas, renewable energy and
other energy-related products and
services. Six reportable segments: Mid-
Atlantic, Midwest, New England,
New York, ERCOT and Other
Power Regions
 300 Exelon Way,
Kennett Square, Pennsylvania
19348
Commonwealth Edison
CompanyIllinois (1913) Purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity  Northern Illinois, including the City
of Chicago  440 South LaSalle Street,
Chicago, Illinois 60605
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to
retail customers   
PECO Energy Company Pennsylvania (1929) Purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania,
including the City of Philadelphia
(electricity)  2301 Market Street,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
  Transmission and distribution of electricity
and distribution of natural gas to retail
customers
 Pennsylvania counties
surrounding the City of
Philadelphia (natural gas) 
Baltimore Gas and
Electric CompanyMaryland (1906) Purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the
City of Baltimore (electricity and
natural gas)  110 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, Maryland 21201
  Transmission and distribution of electricity
and distribution of natural gas to retail
customers   
Pepco Holdings LLC Delaware (2016) Utility services holding company engaged,
through its reportable segments Pepco, DPL
and ACE  Service Territories of Pepco, DPL
and ACE 701 Ninth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20068
Potomac Electric 
Power Company  District of Columbia
(1896)
Virginia (1949)  Purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity  District of Columbia and Major
portions of Montgomery and
Prince George’s Counties,
Maryland  701 Ninth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20068
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to
retail customers   
Delmarva Power & Light
CompanyDelaware (1909)
Virginia (1979)Purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity and natural gas  Portions of Delaware and
Maryland (electricity)  500 North Wakefield Drive,
Newark, Delaware 19702
  Transmission and distribution of electricity
and distribution of natural gas to retail
customers  Portions of New Castle County,
Delaware (natural gas) 
Atlantic City Electric
CompanyNew Jersey (1924) Purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity  Portions of Southern New Jersey 500 North Wakefield Drive,
Newark, Delaware 19702
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to
retail customers   
7
Table of Contents
Business Services
Through its business services subsidiary BSC, Exelon provides its operating subsidiaries with a variety of corporate governance
support services including corporate strategy and development, legal, human resources, information technology , finance, real estate,
security , corporate communications and supply at cost. The costs of these services are directly charged or allocated to the
applicable operating segments. The services are provided pursuant to service agreements. Additionally , the results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations include interest costs and income from various investment and financing activities.
PHISCO, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, provides a variety of support services at cost, including legal, finance, engineering,
distribution and transmission planning, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI and its operating
subsidiaries. These services are directly charged or allocated pursuant to service agreements among PHISCO and the participating
operating subsidiaries.
Merger with Pepco Holdings, Inc. (Exelon)
On March 23, 2016 , Exelon completed the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement among Exelon, Purple Acquisition Corp.,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon (Merger Sub) and PHI. As a result of that merger , Merger Sub was merged into PHI (the PHI
Merger) with PHI surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and EEDC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon which also owns
Exelon's interests in Com Ed, PECO and BGE (through a special purpose subsidiary in the case  of BGE). Following the completion
of the PHI Merger , Exelo n and PHI completed a series of internal corporate organization restru cturing transactions resulting in the
transfer of PHI’s unregul ated business interests to Exelon and Generation and the transfer of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE to a special
purpose subsidiary of EEDC. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  of the Com bined Note s to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Generation
Generation, one of the largest competitive electric generation companies in the United States as measured by owned and contracted
MW, physically delivers and markets power across multiple geographic regions through its custo mer-facing business, Constellation.
Constellation sells electricity and natural gas, including renewable energy , in competitive energy markets to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to ensure delivery of energy to both wholesale and retail customers
under long-term and short-term contracts, and in wholesale power markets. Generation operates in well-developed energy markets
and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility . Generation's fleet also provides geographic and
supply sourc e diversity . Generation’ s customers  include distribution utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, financial institutions, and
commercial, industrial, governmental, and residential customers in competitive markets. Generation’ s customer-facing activities
foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers.
Generation is a public utility under the Federal Power Act and is subject to FERC’ s exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over wholesale
sales of electricity and the transmission of electr icity in interstate commerce. Under the Federal Power Act, FERC has the authority
to grant or deny market-based rates for sales of energy , capacity and ancillary services to ensure that such sales are just and
reasonable. FERC’ s jurisdiction over ratemaking includes the authority to suspend the market-based rates of utilities and set cost-
based rates should FERC find that its previous grant of market-based rates authority is no longer just and reasonable. Other matters
subject to FERC jurisdiction include, but are not limited to, third-party financings; review of mergers; dispositions of jurisdictional
facilities and acquisitions of securities of another public utility or an existing operational generating facility; affiliate transactions;
intercompany financings  and cash manageme nt arrangements; certain internal corporate reorganizations; and certain holding
company acquisitions of public utility and holding company securities.
RTOs and ISOs exist in a number of regions to provide transmission service across multiple transmission systems. FERC has
approved PJM, MISO, ISO-NE and SPP as RTOs and CAISO and ISO-NY  as ISOs. These entities are responsible for regional
planning, managing transmission congestion, developing wholesale markets for energy and capacity , maintaining reliability , market
monitoring, the scheduling of physical power sales brokered through ICE and NYMEX and the elimination or reduction of redundant
transmission charges imposed by multiple transmission providers when wholesale customers take transmission service across
several transmission systems.
8
Table of Contents
ERCOT  is not subject to regulation by FERC but performs a similar function in Texas to that performed by RTOs in markets
regulated by FERC.
Specific operations of Generation are also subject to the jurisdiction of various other Federal, state, regional and local agencies,
including the NRC and Federal and state environmental protection agencies. Additionally , Generation is subject to NERC mandatory
reliability standards, which protect the nation’ s bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security
breaches.
CENG
Generation owns a 50.01%  interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF. CENG is governed by a board of ten directors, five of which
are appointed by Gener ation and five by EDF. CENG owns a total of five nuclear generating facilities on three sites, Calvert Cliffs,
R.E. Ginna (Ginna) and Nine Mile Point. CENG ’s ownership share in the total capacity of these units is 4,041  MW. See ITEM 2.
PROPER TIES  for additional information on these sites.
Generation and EDF entered into a Put Option Agreement on April 1, 2014, pursuant to which EDF has the option, exercisable
beginning on January 1, 2016 and thereafter until June 30, 2022, to sell its 49.99% interest in CENG to Generation for a fair market
value price determined by agreement of the parties, or absent agreement, a third-party arbitration process. The appraisers
determining fair market value of EDF’ s 49.99% interest in CENG under the Put Option Agreement are instructed to take into account
all rights and obligations  under the CENG Operating Agreement, including Generation’ s rights with respect to any unpaid aggregate
preferred distributions and the related return, and the value of Generation’ s rights to other distributions. In addition, under limited
circumstances, the period for exercise of the put option may be extended for 18 months. In order to exercise its option, EDF must
give 60-day s advance written notice to Genera tion stating that it is exercising its option. To date, EDF has not given notice to
Generation that it is exercising its option.
Exelon and Generation record all assets, liabilities and EDF’ s noncontrolling interests in CENG on a fully consolidated basis in
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balan ce Sheets. See Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities  of the Combined Note s to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the CENG consolidation.
Acquisitions
Handley Generating Station
On April 4, 2018, Generation acquired the Handley Generating Station in conjunction with the EGTP Chapter 11 proceedings for a
total purchase price of $62 million. See EGTP  in the Dispositions section below for additional information on EGTP's November 7,
2017 bankruptcy filing.
FitzPatrick
On March 31, 2017, Generation acquired the 838 MW single-unit FitzPatrick plant located in Scriba, New York from Entergy for a
total purchase price consideration of $289 million , resulting in an after-tax bargain purchase gain of $233 million  in 2017.
ConEdison Solutions
On September 1, 2016, Generation acquired ConEdison Solutions for a purchase price of $257 million, including net working capital
of $204 million. The renewable energy , sustainable services and energy efficiency businesses of ConEdison were excluded from the
transaction.
Integrys Energy Services, Inc.
On Novemb er 1, 2014, Generation acquired the competitive retail electric and natural gas business activities of Integrys Energy
Group, Inc. through the purchase of all of the stock of its wholly owned subsidiary , Integrys Energy Services, Inc. (Integrys) for a
purchase price of $332 million, including net working capital. The generation and solar asset businesses of Integrys were excluded
from the transaction.
9
Table of Contents
Dispositions
EGTP
On Novemb er 7, 2017, EGTP  and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11
of the United  States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. As a result of the bankruptcy filing,
EGTP’ s asse ts and liabilities were deconsolidate d from Exelon and Generation's consolidated financial statements. The Chapter 11
bankruptcy proceedings were finalized on April 17, 2018, resulting in the ownership of EGTP  assets (other than the Handley
Generating Station) being transferred to EGTP's lenders.
Asset Dispositions
During 2015  and 2014, Generation sold certain  generating assets with total pre-tax proceeds of $1.8 billion (after-tax proceeds of
approximately $1.4 billion ). Proceeds were used primarily to finance a portion of the acquisition of PHI.
See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note 7 — Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangibles  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on acquisitions and dispositions.
Generating Resources
At December 31, 2018 , the generating resources of Generation consisted of the following:
Type of Capacity MW
Owned generation assets(a)(b)  
Nuclear 19,713
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 9,547
       Renewable(c) 3,203
Owned generation assets 32,463
Long-term power purchase contracts(d) 5,184
Total generating resources 37,647
 
__________
(a)See “Fuel” for sources of fuels used in electric generation.
(b)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share. See ITEM 2. PROPERTIES—Generation for additional information.
(c)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar and biomass generating assets.
(d)Electric supply procured under site specific agreements.
Generation has six reportable segments, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions,
representing the different geographical areas in which Generation’ s generating resources are located and Generation's customer-
facing activities are conducted.
•Mid-Atlantic  represents operations in the eastern half of PJM, which includes Pennsylvania, New Jersey , Maryland, Virginia,
West V irginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia and parts of North Carolina (approximately 34% of capacity).
•Midwest  represents operations in the western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO, excluding MISO’ s
Southern Region (approximately 37% of capacity).
•New England  represents operations within ISO-NE (approximately 7% of capacity).
•New York represents operations within ISO-NY  (approximately 6% of capacity).
•ERCOT  represents operations within Electric Reliability Council of Texas (approximately 11% of capacity).
•Other Power Regions  represents Canada, South and W est (approximately 5% of capacity).
10
Table of Contents
During the first quarter of 2019, due to a chang e in economics in our New England region, Generation is changing the way that
information is reviewed by the CODM. The New England region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the
CODM nor will it be presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. Information for the New England
region will be reviewed by the CODM as part of Other Power Regions. As a result, beginning in the first quarter of 2019, Generation
will disclose five reporta ble segments consisting of Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions. See Note
24 - Segment Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Nuclear Facilities
Generation has ownership interests in fourteen  nuclear generating stations currently in service, consisting of 24 units with an
aggregate of 19,713  MW of capacity . Generation wholly owns all of its nuclear generating stations, except for undivided ownership
interests in three jointly-owned nuclear stations: Quad Cities (75% ownership), Peach Bottom (50% ownership), and Salem (42.59%
ownership), which are consolidated in Exelon’ s and Generation's financial statements relative to its proportionate ownership interest
in each unit, and a 50.01% membership interest in CENG, which owns Calvert Cliffs, Nine Mile Point [excluding Long Island Power
Authority's 18% undivide d ownership interest in Nine Mile Point Unit 2] and Ginna nuclear stations. CENG is 100% consolidated in
Exelon's and Generation’ s financial statements.
Generation’ s nuclear generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of the two units at Salem, which are
operated by PSEG Nuclear, LLC (PSEG Nuclea r), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of PSEG. In 2018 , 2017  and 2016  electric
supply (in GWh) generat ed from the nuclear generating facilities was 68%, 69% and 67%, respectively , of Genera tion’s total electric
supply , which also includes fossil, hydroelectric and renewable generation and electric supply purchased for resale. Generation’ s
wholesale and retail power marketing activities are, in part, supplied by the output from the nucle ar generating stations. See ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  for additional
information of Generation’ s electric supply sources.
Nuclear Operations
Capacity factors, which are significantly affected by the number and duration of refueling and non-refueling outages, can have a
significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. Generation’ s operations from its nuclear plants have historically had minimal
environmental impact and the plants have a safe operating history .
During 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , the nuclea r generating  facilities operated by Generation achieved capacity factors of 94.6% , 94.1%
and 94.6% , respectively . The capacity factors reflect ownership percentage of stations operated by Generation and include CENG.
Generation manages its scheduled refueling outages to minimize their duration and to maintain high nuclear generating capacity
factors, resulting in a stable generation base for Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. During scheduled
refueling outages, Generation performs mainten ance and equipment upgrades in order to minimize the occurrence of unplanned
outages and to maintain safe, reliable operations.
In addition to the maintenance and equipment upgrades performed by Generation during scheduled refueling outages, Generation
has extensiv e operating and security procedure s in place to ensure the safe operation of the nuclear units. Generation also has
extensive safety systems in place to protect the plant, personnel and surrounding area in the unlikely event of an accident or other
incident.
Regulation of Nuclear Power Generation
Generation is subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC with respect to the operation of its nuclear generating stations, including the
licensing for operation of each unit. The NRC subjects nuclear generating stations to continuing review and regulation covering,
among other things, operations, maintenance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological aspects of those
stations. As part of its reactor oversight process, the NRC continuously assesses unit performan ce indicators and inspection results
and communicates its assessment on a semi-annual basis. All nuclear generating stations operated by Generation, except for Peach
Bottom Units 2 and 3, are categorized by the NRC in the Licensee Response Column, which  is the highest of five performance
bands. As of January 29, 2019, the NRC categorized Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3 in the Regulat ory Response Column, which is the
second highest of five performance bands. The NRC may modify , suspend or revoke operating  licenses and impose civil penalties
for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, the regulations under such Act or the
11
Table of Contents
terms of the operating licenses. Changes in regulations by the NRC may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures
and/or operating costs for nuclear generating facilities.
Licenses
Generation has original 40-year operating licenses from the NRC for each of its nuclear units and has received 20-year operating
license renewals from the NRC for all its nuclear units except Clinton. Additionally , PSEG has received 20-year operating license
renewals for Salem Units 1 and 2.
The following table summarizes the current license expiration dates for Generation’ s operating nuclear facilities in service:
Station Unit  In-Service
Date(a)  Current License
Expiration
Braidwood 1 1988  2046
 2 1988  2047
Byron 1 1985  2044
 2 1987  2046
Calvert Clif fs 1 1975  2034
 2 1977  2036
Clinton(b)1 1987  2026
Dresden 2 1970  2029
 3 1971  2031
FitzPatrick 1 1974  2034
LaSalle 1 1984  2042
 2 1984  2043
Limerick 1 1986  2044
 2 1990  2049
Nine Mile Point 1 1969  2029
 2 1988  2046
Peach Bottom(c)2 1974  2033
 3 1974  2034
Quad Cities 1 1973  2032
 2 1973  2032
Ginna 1 1970  2029
Salem 1 1977  2036
 2 1981  2040
Three Mile Island(d)1 1974  2034
__________
(a)Denotes year in which nuclear unit began commercial operations.
(b)Although timing has been delayed, Generation currently plans to seek license renewal for Clinton and has advised the NRC that any license
renewal application would not be filed until the first quarter of 2021.
(c)On July 10, 2018, Generation submitted a second 20-year license renewal application to NRC for Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3.
(d)On May 30, 2017, Exelon announced that Generation will permanently cease generation operations at TMI on or about September 30, 2019 and
has notified the NRC. See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
The operating license renewal process takes approximately four to five years from the comm encement of the renewal process,
which includ es approxim ately two years for Generation to develop the application and appro ximately two years for the NRC to
review the application. To date, each granted license renewal has been for 20 years beyond the original operating license expiration.
Depreciation provisions are based on the estimated useful lives of the
12
Table of Contents
stations, which reflect the actual renewal of operating licenses for all of Generation’ s operating nuclear generating stations except for
TMI and Clinton. Beginning in 2017, TMI deprec iation provisions are based on its 2019 expected  shutdown date. Beginning in 2016,
Clinton depreciation provisions are based on an estimated useful life of 2027 which is the last year of the Illinois Zero Emissions
Standard. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
on FEJA and Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on early retirements.
Nuclear W aste Storage and Disposal
There are no facilities for the reprocessing or permanent disposal of SNF currently in operation in the United States, nor has the
NRC licensed any such facilities. Generation currently stores all SNF generated by its nuclear generating facilities on-site in storage
pools or in dry cask storage facilities. Since Generation’ s SNF storage pools generally do not have sufficient storage capacity for the
life of the respective plant, Generation has developed dry cask storage facilities to support operations.
As of December 31, 2018 , Gene ration had approx imately 87,100  SNF assem blies (21,400  tons) stored  on site in SNF pools or dry
cask storage which includes SNF assemblies at Zion Station, for which Generation retains ownership even though the responsibility
for decommissioning Zion Station has been assumed by another party , and Oyster Creek, which is no longer operational. See the
Decommissioning sectio n below for additional information regarding Zion Station and Oyster Creek. All currently operating
Generation-owned nucle ar sites have on-site dry cask storage, except for TMI, where such stora ge is projected to be in operation in
2021. On-site dry cask storage in concert with on-site storage pools will be capable of meeting all current and future SNF storage
requirements at Generation’ s sites through the end of the license renewal periods and through decommissioning.
For a discussion of matters associated with Generation’ s contracts with the DOE for the disposal of SNF, see Note 22 —
Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a by-product of their operations, nuclear generating units produce LLRW. LLRW is accumulated at each generating station and
permanently disposed of at licensed disposal facilities. The Federal Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 provides that
states may enter into agreements to provide regional disposal facilities for LLRW and restrict use of those facilities to waste
generated within the region. Illinois and Kentucky have entered into such an agreement, although neither state currently has an
operational site and none is anticipated to be operational until after 2020.
Generation ships its Class A LLRW, which represents 93% of LLRW generated at its stations, to disposal facilities in Utah and South
Carolina, which have enough storage capacity to store all Class A LLRW for the life of all stations in Generation's nuclear fleet. The
disposal facility in South  Carolina at present is only receiving LLRW from LLRW generators in South Carolina, New Jersey (which
includes Oyster Creek and Salem) and Connecticut.
Generation utilizes on-si te storage capacity at all its stations to store and stage for shipping Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation
has a contra ct through 2032 to ship Class B and Class C LLRW to a disposal facility in Texas. The agreement provides for disposal
of all current Class B and Class C LLRW currently stored at each station as well as the Class B and Class C LLRW generated during
the term of the agreement. However , because the production of LLRW from Generation’ s nuclear  fleet will exceed the capacity at the
Texas site (3.9 million curies for 15 years beginning in 2012), Generation will still be required to utilize on-site storage at its stations
for Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation currently has enough storage capacity to store all Class B and Class C LLRW for the life
of all stations in Generation’ s nuclear fleet. Generation continues to pursue alternative disposal strategies for LLRW, including an
LLRW reduction program to minimize on-site storage and cost impacts.
Nuclear Insurance
Generation is subject to liability , property damage and other risks associated with major incidents at any of its nuclear stations,
including the CENG nuclear stations. Generation has reduced its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other
industry risk-sharing provisions. See “Nuclear Insurance” within Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
For information regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES  — Generation. Generat ion is self-insured to the extent that
any losses may exceed the amount of insurance maintained or are within the policy deductible  for its insured losses. Such losses
could have a material adverse ef fect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements.
13
Table of Contents
Decommissioning
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in specified minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility . The ultimate decommissioning
obligation will be funded by the NDTs. The NDTs are recorded in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets at
December 31, 2018  at fair value  of approximately $12.7 billion  and have an estimated targeted annual pre-tax return of 5% to 6.2% ,
while the Nuclear ARO s are recorded in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018  at
approximately $10.0 billion  and have an estimated  annual average accreti on of the ARO of approximately 5% through a period of
approximately 30 years after the end of the extended lives of the units. The NDTs and AROs include Oyster Creek balances
classified as Assets held for sale and Liabilitie s held for sale, respectively , in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance
Sheets at December 31, 2018. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND
RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  — Exelon Corporation , Executive Overview ; ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS
OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS , Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates , Nuclear
Decommissioning, Asse t Retirement Obligations and Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund Investments; and Note 4 — Regulatory
Matters , Note  5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions , Note  11 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  and Note 15 —
Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for additional information regarding
Generation’ s NDT  funds and its decommissioning obligations.
Oyster Cree k Generating  Station . On July 31, 2018, Generation entered into an agreement with Holtec International (Holtec) and its
indirect wholly owned subsidiary , Oyster Creek Environmental Protection, LLC (OCEP), for the sale and decommissioning of Oyster
Creek located in Forked River , New Jersey . On September 17, 2018, Oyster Creek permanently  ceased generation operations. See
Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the sale of Oyster Creek.
Zion Station Decommissioning . On September 1, 2010, Generation completed an Asset Sale Agreement (ASA) with
EnergySolutions, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, EnergySolutions, LLC and ZionSolutions under which ZionSolutions has
assumed responsibility for decommissioning Zion Station.
Generation transferred to ZionSolutions substantially all of the assets (other than land) associated with Zion Station, including assets
held in related NDT funds. In consideration for Generation’ s transfer of those assets, ZionSolutions assumed decommissioning and
other liabilities, excluding the obligation to dispose of SNF, associated with Zion Station. Pursuant to the ASA, ZionSolutions will
periodically request reimbursement from the Zion Station-related NDT funds for costs incurred related to the decommissioning efforts
at Zion Station. Howeve r, ZionSolutions is subject to certain restrictions on its ability to request reimbursement; specifically , if certain
milestones as defined in the ASA are not met, all or a portion of requested reimbursements will be deferred until such milestones are
met. See Note 15 — Asset Retire ment Obligations  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for additional
information regarding Zion Station decommissioning and Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for a discussion of variable interest entity considerations related to ZionSolutions.
Fossil and Renewable Facilities (including Hydroelectric)
At December 31, 2018 , Generation  had ownership interests in 12,750  MW of capacity in generating facilities currentl y in service,
consisting of 9,547  MW of natural gas and oil, and 3,203  MW of renewables (wind, hydroelectric, solar and biomass). Generation
wholly owns  all of its fossil and renewable generating stations, with the exception of: (1) Wyman;  (2) certain wind project entities and
a biomass project entity with minority interest owners; and (3) EGRP  which is owned 49% by another owner . See Note 2 — Variable
Interest Entities  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding certain of these
entities which are VIEs. Generation’ s fossil and renewable generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of
Wyman, which is opera ted by a third party . In 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , elect ric supply (in GWh) generated from owned fossil and
renewable generating facilities was 11%, 12% and 10%, respectively , of Generation’ s total electric supply . The majority of this output
was dispatched to support Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. For additional information regarding
Generation’ s electric generating facilities, see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES  — Exelon Generation Company , LLC and ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESU LTS OF OPERA TIONS  — Exelon
Corporation , Executive Overview  for additional information on Generation Renewable Development.
14
Table of Contents
Licenses
Fossil and renewable generation plants are generally not licensed, and, therefore, the decision on when to retire plants is,
fundamentally , a commercial one. FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on
navigable waterways or Federal lands, or connected to the interstate electric grid, which include Generation's Conowingo
Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo) and Muddy Run Pumped Storage Facility Project (Muddy Run). Muddy Run's license expires on
December 1, 2055. On August 29, 2012, Genera tion submitted a hydroelectric license applicatio n to the FERC for a 46-year license
for Conowingo. Based on the FERC procedural schedule, the FERC licensing process for Conowingo was not completed prior to the
expiration of the plant’ s license on September 1, 2014. As a result, on September 10, 2014, FERC issued an annual license for
Conowingo, effective as of the expiration of the previous license. The annual license renews automatically absent any further FERC
action. The stations are currently being depreciated over their estimated useful lives, which includes actual and anticipated license
renewal periods. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Insurance
Generation maintains business interruption insurance for its renewable projects, but not for its fossil and hydroelectric operations
unless required by contract or financing agreements. See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Com bined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on financing agreements. Generation maintains both property damage
and liability insurance. For property damage and liability claims for these operations, Generati on is self-insured to the extent that
losses are within the policy deductible or excee d the amount of insurance maintained. Such losses could have a material adverse
effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial conditions and their results of operations and cash flows. For information
regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2.  PROPER TIES  — Exelon Generation Company , LLC .
Long-Term Power Purchase Contracts
In addition to energy produced by owned generation assets, Generation sources electricity from plants it does not own under long-
term contrac ts. The following tables summarize Generation’ s long-term contracts to purchase unit-specific physical power with an
original term in excess of one year in duration, by region, in ef fect as of December 31, 2018 :
RegionNumber of
Agreements  Expiration 
Dates  Capacity (MW)
Mid-Atlantic  14 2019 - 2032  237
Midwest 4 2019 - 2026  834
New England 7 2019 - 2021  40
ERCOT 5 2020 - 2031  1,524
Other Power Regions 11 2019 - 2030  2,549
Total 41  5,184
  2019 2020  2021 2022  2023 Thereafter Total
Capacity Expiring (MW)  673 1,020  826 298  167 2,200  5,184
15
Table of Contents
Fuel
The following table shows sources of electric supply in GWh for 2018  and 2017 : 
 Source of Electric Supply
 2018 2017
Nuclear(a)185,020 182,843
Purchases — non-trading portfolio 59,154 51,595
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 21,015 22,546
Renewable(b)8,469 7,848
Total supply 273,658 264,832
 
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g., CENG).  Nuclear generation for 2018 and 2017 includes physical volumes of
35,100 GWh and 34,761 GWh, respectively, for CENG.
(b)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar and biomass generating assets.
The fuel costs per MWh for nuclear generation are less than those for fossil-fuel generation. Consequently , nuclear generation is
generally the most cost-ef fective way for Generation to meet its wholesale and retail load servicing requirements.
The cycle of production and utilization of nuclear fuel includes the mining and milling of uranium ore into uranium concentrates, the
conversion of uranium concentrates to uranium hexafluoride, the enrichment of the uranium hexafluoride and the fabrication of fuel
assemblies. Generation has inventory in various forms and does not anticipate difficulty in obtaining the necessary uranium
concentrates or conversion, enrichment or fabrication services to meet the nuclear fuel requirements of its nuclear units.
Natural gas is procured  through long-term and short-term contracts, as well as spot-market purchases. Fuel oil inventories are
managed so that in the winter months sufficient volumes of fuel are available in the event of extreme weather conditions and during
the remaining months to take advantage of favorable market pricing.
Generation uses financial instruments to mitigate price risk associated with certain commodity price exposures, using both over-the-
counter and exchange-traded instruments. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERA TIONS , Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 12
— Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
derivative financial instruments.
Power Marketing
Generation’ s integrated business operations include physical delivery and marketing of power .  Generation largely obtains physical
power supp ly from its generating assets and power purchase agreements in multiple geographic regions. Power purchase
agreements, including tolling arrangements, are commitments related to power generation of specific generation plants and/or
dispatch similar to an owned asset depending on the type of underlying asset. The commodity risks associated with the output from
generating assets and PPAs are managed using  various commodity transactions including sales to customers. The main objective is
to obtain low-cost energy supply to meet physical delivery obligations to both wholesale and retail customers. Generation sells
electricity , natural gas and other energy related products and solutions to various custom ers, including distribution utilities,
municipalities, cooperati ves, and commercial, industrial, governmental and residential customers in competitive markets. Where
necessary , Generation may also purchase transmission service to ensure that it has reliable transmission capacity to physically
move its power supplies to meet customer delivery needs.
Price and Supply Risk Management
Generation also manages the price and supply risks for energy and fuel associated with gener ation assets and the risks of power
marketing activities. Generation implements a three-year ratable sales plan to align its hedging strategy with its financial objectives.
Generation may also enter into transactions that are outside of this ratable sales plan. Generation  is exposed to commodity price risk
in 2019  and beyond for portions of its electricity portfolio
16
Table of Contents
that are unhedged. As of December 31, 2018 , the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New
York and ERCOT  reportable segments is 89%-92%, 56%-59% and 32%-35% for 2019 , 2020 , and 2021 , respectively . The
percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. Expected
generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted
generating facilities based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are
calibrated to market quotes for power , fuel, load following products and options. Equivalent sales represent all hedging products,
which include economic hedges and certain non-derivative contracts, including sales to ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE
to serve their retail load. A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be implemented through the use of fuel products based on
assumed correlations between power and fuel prices. The risk management group and Exelon’ s RMC monitor the financial risks of
the wholesale and retail power marketing activities. Generation also uses financial and commodity contracts for proprietary trading
purposes, but this activity accounts for only a small portion of Generation’ s efforts. The proprietary trading portfolio is subject to a risk
management policy that includes stringent risk management limits. See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  for additional information.
Capital Expenditures
Generation’ s business is capital intensive and requires significant investments primarily in nuclear fuel and energy generation
assets. Generation’ s estimated capital expenditures for 2019  are approximately $2.0 billion , which includes Generation's share of the
investment in the co-owned Salem plant and the total capital expenditures for the fully consolidated CENG nuclear plants.
Utility Registrants
Utility Operations
Service T erritories and Franchise Agreements
The following table presents the size of service territories, populations of each service territory and the number of customers within
each service territory for the Utility Registrants as of December 31, 2018 :
 Service Territories  Service Territory Population  Number of Customers
 (in square miles)  (in millions)  (in millions)
 Total  Electric Natural gas Total Electric Natural gas Total Electric Natural gas
ComEd 11,400  11,400 n/a  9.5 (a) 9.5  n/a  4.0 4.0  n/a
PECO 2,100  1,900 1,900  4.0 (b) 4.0  2.5  1.7 1.6  0.5
BGE 3,250  2,300 3,050  3.1 (c) 3.0  2.9  1.3 1.3  0.7
Pepco 640  640 n/a  2.4 (d) 2.4  n/a  0.9 0.9  n/a
DPL 5,400  5,400 275  1.4 (e) 1.4  0.6  0.5 0.5  0.1
ACE 2,800  2,800 n/a  1.1 (f) 1.1  n/a  0.6 0.6  n/a
__________
(a)Includes approximately 2.7 million in the city of Chicago.
(b)Includes approximately 1.6 million in the city of Philadelphia.
(c)Includes approximately 0.6 million in the city of Baltimore.
(d)Includes approximately 0.7 million in the District of Columbia.
(e)Includes approximately 0.1 million in the city of Wilmington.
(f)Includes approximately 0.1 million in the city of Atlantic City.
The Utility Registrants have the necessary autho rizations to perform their current business of providing regulated electric and natural
gas distribution services in the various municipa lities and territories in which they now supply such services. These authorizations
include charters, franchises, permits, and certificates of public convenience issued by local and state governments and state utility
commissions. ComEd's,  BGE's (gas) and ACE's rights are generally non-exclusive; while PECO's, BGE's (electric) Pepco's and
DPL's rights are generally exclusive. Certain authorizations are perpetual while others have varying expiration dates. The Utility
Registrants anticipate working with the appropriate governmental bodies to extend or replace the authorizations prior to their
expirations.
17
Table of Contents
Utility Regulations
State utility commissions regulate the Utility Registrants' electric and gas distribution rates and service, issuances of certain
securities, and certain other aspects of the business. The following table outlines the state commissions responsible for utility
oversight.
Registrant Commission
ComEd ICC
PECO PAPUC
BGE MDPSC
Pepco DCPSC/MDPSC
DPL DPSC/MDPSC
ACE NJBPU
The Utility Registrants are public utilities under the Federal Power Act subject to regulation by FERC related to transmission rates
and certain other aspec ts of the utilities' business. The U.S. Department of Transportation also regulates pipeline safety and other
areas of gas operations for PECO, BGE and DPL. Additionally , the Utility Registrants are subject to NERC mandatory reliability
standards, which protect the nation's bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches.
Seasonality Impacts on Delivery V olumes
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution volumes are generally higher during the summer and winter months when temperature
extremes create demand for either summer cooling or winter heating. For PECO, BGE and DPL, natural gas distribution volumes are
generally higher during the winter months when cold temperatures create demand for winter heating.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL Maryland have electric distribution decoupling mechanisms and BGE has a natural gas decoupling
mechanism that eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on electric distribution and
natural gas delivery volumes. As a result, ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco’ s and DPL’s Maryland electric distribution revenues and BGE's
natural gas distribution revenues are not materially impacted by delivery volumes. PECO’ s electric distribution revenues and natural
gas distribution revenues and ACE’ s electric distribution revenues and DPL’s Delaware electric distribution and natural gas revenues
are impacted by delivery volumes.
Electric and Natural Gas Distribution Services
The Utility Registrants are allowed to recover reasonable costs and fair and prudent capital expenditures associated with electric and
natural gas distribution services and earn a return on those capital expenditures, subject to commission approval. ComEd recovers
costs throug h a performance-based rate formula. ComEd is required to file an update to the performance-based rate formula on an
annual basis . PECO's, BGE’ s and DPL's electric and gas distribution costs and Pepco's and ACE's electric distribution costs are
recovered through tradit ional rate case proceed ings. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants use specific recovery mechanisms
as approved by their respective regulatory agencies.
ComEd, Pepco and ACE customers have the choice to purchase electricity , and PECO, BGE and DPL customers have the choice to
purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. The Utility Registrants remain the
distribution service providers for all customers and are obligated to deliver electricity and natural gas to customers in their respective
service territories while charging a regulated rate for distribution service. In addition, the Utility Registrants also retain significant
default servi ce obligations to provide electricity to certain groups of customers in their respective  service areas who do not choose a
competitive electric generation supplier . PECO and BGE also retain significant default service obligations to provide natural gas to
certain group s of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose a competitive natural gas supplier . For natural gas,
DPL does not retain default service obligations.
For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, the Utility Registrants act as
the billing agent and therefore do not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel
18
Table of Contents
expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from a
Utility Registrant, the Utility Registrants are permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs without mark-up
and therefore record equal and offsetting amounts of Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense related to the
electricity and/or natural gas. As a result, fluctuat ions in electricity or natural gas sales and procurement costs have no impact on the
Utility Registrants’  Revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-GAAP  measure used to evaluate operational
performance, or Net Income.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS ,
Results of Operations  and Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding electric and natural gas distribution services.
Procurement-Related Proceedings
The Utility Registrants' electric supply for its customers is primarily procured through contracts as required by the ICC, PAPUC,
MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU. The Utility Registrants procure electricity supply from various approved bidders, including
Generation. RTO spot market purchases and sales are utilized to balance the utility electric load and supply as required. Charges
incurred for electric supply procured through contracts with Generation are included in Purchase d power from affiliates on the Utility
Registrants' Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
PECO's, BGE’s and DPL's natural gas supplies  are purchased from a number of suppliers for terms of up to three years. PECO,
BGE and DPL have annual firm supply and transportation contracts of 132,000  mmcf, 128,000  mmcf and 58,000  mmcf, respectively .
In addition, to suppleme nt gas supply at times of heavy winter demands and in the event of temporary emergencies, PECO, BGE
and DPL  have available storage capacity from the following sources:
 Peak Natural Gas Sources (in mmcf)
 Liquefied Natural
Gas FacilityPropane-Air PlantUnderground Storage Service
Agreements (a)
PECO 1,200 150 18,000
BGE 1,056 550 22,000
DPL 257 n/a 3,800
___________
(a)Natural gas from underground storage represents approximately 28%, 54% and 34% of PECO's, BGE’s and DPL's 2018-2019 heating season
planned supplies, respectively.
PECO, BGE and DPL have long-term interstate pipeline contracts and also participate in the interstate markets by releasing pipeline
capacity or bundling pipeline capacity with gas for off-system sales. Off-system gas sales are low-margin direct sales of gas to
wholesale suppliers of natural gas. Earnings from these activities are shared between the utilitie s and customers. PECO, BGE and
DPL make these sales as part of a program to balance its supply and cost of natural gas. The off-system gas sales are not material
to PECO, BGE and DPL.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOS URES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK , Commodit y Price, for additional
information regarding Utility Registrants' contracts to procure electric supply and natural gas.
Energy Ef ficiency Programs
The Utility Registrants are allowed to recover costs associated with energy efficiency and demand response programs. Each
commission approved program seeks to meet mandated electric consumption reduction targets and implement demand response
measures to reduce peak demand. The programs are designed to meet standards required by each respective regulatory agency .
The Utility Registrants are allowed to earn a return on their energy efficiency costs. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
19
Table of Contents
Capital Investment
The Utility Registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments, primarily in electric transmission and
distribution and natural gas transportation and distribution facilities, to ensure the adequate capa city, reliability and efficiency of their
systems. ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's most recent estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and
improvements for 2019  are as follows:
 Projected 2019 Capital Expenditure Spending
(in millions) Transmission  Distribution  Gas  Total
ComEd 325  1,550  N/A  1,875
PECO 125  600  250  975
BGE 225  475  400  1,100
Pepco 75 650  N/A  725
DPL 100  200  50 350
ACE 150  150  N/A  300
Transmission Services
Under FERC’ s open access transmission policy , the Utility Registrants, as owners of transmission facilities, are required to provide
open access  to their transmission facilities under filed tariffs at cost-based rates approved by FERC. The Utility Registrants and their
affiliates are required to comply with FERC’ s Standards of Conduct regulation governing the communication of non-public
transmission information between the transmission owner ’s employees and wholesale merchant employees.
PJM is the regional grid operator and operates pursuant to FERC-approved tariffs. PJM is the transmission provider under , and the
administrator of, the PJM Open Access Transmission Tariff (PJM Tariff). PJM operates the PJM energy , capacity and other markets,
and, through central dispatch, controls the day-to-day operations of the bulk power system for the region. The Utility Registrants are
members of PJM and provide regional transmission service pursuant to the PJM Tariff. The Utility Registrants and the other
transmission owners in PJM have turned over control of their transmission facilities to PJM, and their transmission systems are
under the dispatch contr ol of PJM. Under the PJM Tariff, transmission service is provided on a region-wide, open-access basis using
the transmission facilities of the PJM transmission owners at rates based on the costs of transmission service.
ComEd's transmission rates are established based on a formula that was approved by FERC in January 2008. BGE's, Pepco's,
DPL's and ACE's transm ission rates are establis hed based on a formula that was approved by FERC in April 2006. FERC’ s orders
establish the agreed-upon treatment of costs and revenues in the determination of transmission  rates and the process for updating
the formula rate calculation on an annual basis.
On May 1, 2017, PECO filed a request with FERC seeking approval to update its transmission rate and change the manner in which
PECO’ s transmission rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate. The new formula was accepted by FERC effective as of
December 1, 2017, subject to refund and set the matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures. On May 4, 2018, the Chief
Administrative Law Judge terminated settlement judge procedures and designated a new presiding judge.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information regarding
the PECO transmission formula rate and transmission services.
20
Table of Contents
Employees
As of December 31, 2018 , Exelon and its subsidiaries had 33,383  employees in the following companies, of which 11,372  or 34%
were covered by collective bargaining agreements (CBAs):
 IBEW 
Local 15(a)  IBEW 
Local 614(b) Other CBAs  Total 
Employees
Covered by 
CBAs  Total
Employees
Generation(c)1,568  84 2,485  4,137  14,110
ComEd 3,378  — — 3,378  6,152
PECO — 1,381 — 1,381  2,708
BGE(d)— — — — 3,025
PHI(e)— — 277  277  1,258
Pepco(e)— — 1,023  1,023  1,423
DPL(e)— — 684  684  940
ACE(e)— — 386  386  612
Other(g) 62 — 44 106  3,155
Total 5,008 1,465 4,899 11,372 33,383
 
__________
(a)A separate CBA between ComEd and IBEW Local 15 covers approximately 73 employees in ComEd’s System Services Group and will expire in
2020. Generation’s and ComEd’s separate CBAs with IBEW Local 15 will expire in 2022.
(b)PECO craft and call center employees in the Philadelphia service territory are covered by CBAs with IBEW Local 614, both expiring in 2021.
Additionally, Exelon Power, an operating unit of Generation, has an agreement covering 84 employees, which expires in 2019.
(c)During 2018, Generation acquired and finalized its CBA with Distrigas Local 369, which will expire in 2020, and additionally, finalized a first
collective bargaining agreement, expiring in 2021, with a small unit of employees represented by IUOE Local 501 at Exelon's Hyperion Solutions
facility. Also in 2018, Generation finalized a three-year agreement with the Security Officer union at Braidwood and that CBA will expire in 2021.
During 2017, Generation finalized CBAs with the Security Officer unions at LaSalle, Limerick and Quad Cities, which all will expire in 2020 and
Dresden expiring in 2021. Additionally, during 2017, Generation acquired and combined two CBAs at FitzPatrick into one CBA covering both
craft and security employees, which will expire in 2023. During 2016, Generation finalized its CBA with the Security Officer union at Oyster
Creek, expiring in 2022 and New Energy IUOE Local 95-95A, which will expire in 2021. Also, during 2016, Generation finalized a 5-year
agreement with the New England ENEH, UWUA Local 369, which will expire in 2022. During 2015, Generation finalized its CBA with Clinton
Local 51 which will expire in 2020; its two CBAs with Local 369 at Mystic 7 and Mystic 8/9, both expiring in 2020; and three Security Officer
unions at Byron, Clinton and TMI, all expiring between 2019 and 2021, respectively. During 2014, Generation finalized CBAs with TMI Local 777
and Oyster Creek Local 1289, expiring in 2019 and 2021, respectively. Also in 2014, CENG finalized its CBA with Nine Mile Point which will
expire in 2020.
(d)In January 2017, an election was held at BGE which resulted in union representation for certain employees, who numbered 1,284 at the end of
2018. BGE and IBEW Local 410 are negotiating an initial agreement which could result in some modifications to wages, hours and other terms
and conditions of employment. No agreement has been finalized to date and management cannot predict the outcome of such negotiations.
(e)PHI’s utility subsidiaries are parties to five CBAs with four local unions. CBAs are generally renegotiated every three to five years. All these
CBAs were renegotiated in 2014 and were extended through various dates ranging from October 2018 through June 2020. During 2018, ACE
finalized a five-year agreement with Local 210, expiring in 2023.
(f)Other includes shared services employees at BSC.
Environmental Regulation
General
The Registrants are subject to comprehensive and complex legislation regarding environmental matters by the federal government
and various state and local jurisdictions in which they operate their facilities. The Registrants are also subject to environmental
regulations administered by the EPA and various state and local environmental protection agencies. Federal, state and local
regulation includes the authority to regulate air , water , and solid and hazardous waste disposal.
The Exelon Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the management of environmental matters. Exelon has a management
team to address environmental compliance and strategy , including the CEO; the Senior V ice
21
Table of Contents
President, Corporate Strategy & Chief Innovatio n and Sustainability Officer; the Senior Vice President, Competitive Market Policy;
and the Director , Safety & Sustainability , as well as senior management of Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE. Performance of those individuals directly involved in environmental compliance and strategy is reviewed and affects
compensation as part of the annual individual performance review process. The Exelon Boar d of Directors has delegated to its
Generation Oversight Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee the authority to oversee Exelon’ s compliance with
health, envir onmental and safety laws and regulations and its strategies and efforts to prote ct and improve the quality of the
environment, including Exelon’ s internal climate  change and sustainability policies and programs, as discussed in further detail
below . The respective Boards of ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE oversee enviro nmental, health and safety issues
related to these companies.
Air Quality
Air quality regulations promulgated by the EPA and the various state and local environmental agencies impose restrictions on
emission of particulates, sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), mercury and other air pollutants and require permits for
operation of emitting sources. Such permits have been obtained as needed by Exelon’ s subsidiaries. However , due to its low
emitting generation fleet comprised of nuclear , natural gas, hydroelectric, wind and solar , compliance with the Federal Clean Air Act
does not have a material impact on Generation’ s operations.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  for
additional information regarding clean air regulat ion in the forms of the CSAPR, the regulation of hazardous air pollutants from coal-
and oil-fired electric generating facilities under MA TS, and regulation of GHG emissions.
Water Quality
Under the federal Clean Water Act, NPDES permits for discharges into waterways are required to be obtained from the EPA or from
the state environmental agency to which the permit program has been delegated and must be renewed periodically . Certain of
Exelon's facilities discharge stormwater and industrial wastewater into waterways and are therefore subject to these regulations and
operate under NPDES permits or pending applications for renewals of such permits after being granted an administrative extension.
Generation is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware River Basin Commission and the Susquehanna River Basin
Commission, regional agencies that primarily regulate water usage.
Section 316(b) of the Clean W ater Act
Section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to
minimize adverse enviro nmental impacts and is implemented through state-level NPDES permit programs. All of Generation’ s power
generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. Facilities withou t closed-cycle recirculating systems
(e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. For Generation, those facilities are Calvert
Cliffs, Clinto n, Dresden, Eddystone, Fairless Hills, FitzPatrick, Ginna, Gould Street, Handley , Mystic 7, Nine Mile Point Unit 1, Peach
Bottom, Quad Cities and Salem.
On October 14, 2014, the EPA's Section 316(b) rule became effective. The rule requires that a series of studies and analyses be
performed to determine the best technology available to minimize adverse impacts on aquatic life, followed by an implementation
period for the selected technology . The timing of the various requirements for each facility is related to the status of its current
NPDES perm it and the subsequent renewal period. There is no fixed compliance schedule, as this is left to the discretion of the state
permitting director .
Until the compliance requirements are determined by the applicable state permitting director on a site-specific basis for each plant,
Generation cannot estimate the effect that comp liance with the rule will have on the operation of its generating facilities and its future
results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Should a state permitting director determine that a facility must install cooling
towers to comply with the rule, that facility’ s economic viability could be called into question. However, the potential impact of the rule
has been significantly reduced since the final rule does not mandate cooling towers as a national standard and sets forth
technologies that are presumptively compliant, and the state permitting director is required to apply a cost-benefit test and can take
into consideration site-specific factors, such as those that would make cooling towers infeasible.
22
Table of Contents
Pursuant to discussions with the NJDEP  in 2010 regarding the application of Section 316(b) to Oyster Creek, Generation agreed to
permanently cease generation operations at Oyster Creek before the expiration of its operating license in 2029. On September 17,
2018, Oyster Creek permanently ceased generation operations, and its cooling water intake system is no longer subject to Section
316(b). See Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financia l Statements for additional information
about the sale and decommissioning of Oyster Creek.
New York Facilities
In July 2011, the New York Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) issued a policy regarding the best available
technology for cooling water intake structures. Through its policy , the DEC established closed-cycle cooling or its equivalent as the
performance goal for all existing facilities, but also provided that the DEC will select a feasible technology whose costs are not wholly
disproportionate to the environmental benefits to be gained and allows for a site-specific determination where the entrainment
performance goal cannot be achieved (i.e., the requirement most likely to support cooling towers). The Ginna, Nine Mile Point Unit 1,
and Fitzpatrick power generation facilities have received renewals of their state water discharge permits and cooling towers were not
required. These facilities are now engaged in the required analyses to enable the environme ntal agency to determine the best
technology available in the next permit renewal cycles.
Salem
On July 28, 2016, the NJDEP  issued a final permit for Salem that did not require the installation of cooling towers and allows Salem
to continue to operate utilizing the existing cooling water system with certain required system modifications. However , the permit is
being challenged by an environmental organi zation, and if successful, could result in additional costs for Clean Water Act
compliance. Potential cooling water system modification costs could be material and could adversely impact the economic
competitiveness of this facility .
Solid and Hazardous Waste
CERCLA  provides for immediate response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of
hazardous substances and authorizes the EPA either to clean up sites at which hazardous substances have created actual or
potential environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under CERCLA, generators and
transporters of hazardous substances, as well as past and present owners and operators of hazardous waste sites, are strictly ,
jointly and severally liable for the cleanup costs of waste at sites, most of which are listed by the EPA on the National Priorities List
(NPL). These PRPs can be ordered to perform a cleanup, can be sued for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup, may
voluntarily settle with the EPA concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or may voluntarily begin a site investigation and site
remediation under state oversight prior to listing on the NPL. Various states, including Delaware , Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia have also enacted statutes that contain provisions substantially similar to CERCLA. In
addition, RCRA  governs treatment, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and cleanup of sites where such activities
were conducted.
Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE and their subsidiaries are, or could become in the future, parties to
proceedings initiated by the EPA, state agenci es and/or other responsible parties under CERCLA  and RCRA  with respect to a
number of sites, includi ng MGP  sites, or may undertake to investigate and remediate sites for which they may be subject to
enforcement actions by an agency or third-party .
See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding solid and hazardous waste regulation and legislation.
Environmental Remediation
ComEd’ s and PECO’ s environmental liabilities primarily arise from contamination at former MGP  sites. ComEd, pursuant to an ICC
order , and PECO, pursu ant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, have an on-going process to
recover environmental remediation costs of the MGP  sites through a provision within customer rates. BGE, ACE, Pepco and DPL do
not have material contin gent liabilities relating to MGP  sites. The amount to be expended in 2019  for compliance with environmental
remediation related to contamination at former MGP  sites and other gas purification sites is expe cted to total $46 million , cons isting
of $36 million , $6 million and $4 million  at ComEd, PECO and BGE respectively . The Utility Registrants also have contingent
liabilities for
23
Table of Contents
environmental remediation of non-MGP  contaminants (e.g., PCBs). As of December 31, 2018 , the Utility  Registrants have
established appropriate contingent liabilities for environmental remediation requirements.
The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures in order to comply with
environmental laws. Additionally , under Federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for the costs of
remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by hazardous
substances generated by them. The Registrant s own or lease a number of real estate parce ls, including parcels on which their
operations or the operations of others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under
environmental laws.
In addition, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE may be required to make significant additional expenditures not
presently determinable for other environmental remediation costs.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Registrants’  environmental remed iation efforts and related impacts to
the Registrants’  Consolidated Financial Statements.
Global Climate Change
Exelon has utility and generation assets, and customers, that are and will be further subject  to the impacts of climate change.
Accordingly , Exelon is engaged in a variety of initiatives to understand and mitigate these impacts, including investments in
resiliency , partnering with federal, state and local governments to minimize impacts, and, importantly , advocating for public policy
that reduces emissions that cause climate chan ge. Exelon, as a producer of electricity from predominantly low- and zero-carbon
generating facilities (such as nuclear , hydroelect ric, natural gas, wind and solar photovoltaic), has a relatively small greenhouse gas
(GHG) emission profile, or carbon footprint, compared to other domestic generators of electricity (Exelon neither owns nor operates
any coal-fueled generating assets). Exelon's natural gas and biomass fired generating plants produce GHG emissions, most notably ,
CO2. However , Generation’ s owned-asset emission intensity , or rate of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO 2e) emitted per unit of
electricity generated, is among the lowest in the industry . As of December 31, 2018 , fossil fuel generation represented approximatel y
29% of Exelon's owned generating capacity , while fossil fuel-fired generation during 2018 represented less than 11% of Exelon's
overall gene ration on a MWh basis. Other GHG  emission sources at Exelon include natural gas (methane) leakage on the natural
gas systems, sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage from electric transmission and distribution operations, refrigerant leakage from
chilling and cooling equip ment, and fossil fuel combustion in motor vehicles. Exelon facilities and operations are subject to the global
impacts of climate change and Exelon believes its operations could be significantly affected by the physical risks of climate change.
See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  for information regarding the market and financ ial, regulatory and legislative, and operational risks
associated with climate change.
Climate Change Regulation
Exelon is or may become subject to additional climate change regulation or legislation at the federal, regional and state levels.
International Climate Change Agreements.  At the intern ational level, the United States is a Party to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The Parties to the UNFCCC adopted the Paris Agreement at the 21st session of the
UNFCCC Conference of the Parties (COP  21) on December 12, 2015, and it became effective  on November 4, 2016. Under the
Paris Agreement, the Parties agreed to try to limit the global average temperature increase to 2°C (3.6°F) above pre-industrial levels.
In doing so, Parties developed their own national reduction commitments. The United States submitted a non-binding target of 17%
below 2005 emission levels by 2020 and 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025. Presiden t Trump has stated his intention to
withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement, but no formal action has been initiated.
Federal Climate Change Legislation and Regul ation.  It is highly unlikely that federal legislation to reduce GHG emissions will be
enacted in the near-term . If such legislation is adopted, it would likely increase the value of Exelon's low-carbon fleet even though
Exelon may incur costs either to further limit or offset the GHG emissions from its operations or to procure emission allowances or
credits. Continued inaction could negatively impact the value of Exelon’ s low-carbon fleet.
Under the Obama Admi nistration, the EPA proposed and finalized regulations for fossil fuel-fired power plants, referred to as the
Clean Power Plan, which are currently being litigated. Under the Trump Administration, on October
24
Table of Contents
16, 2017 the EPA proposed to repeal the CPP on the basis that the new Administration believed  that the CPP rule went beyond the
EPA's autho rity to establish a best system of emissions reduction (BSER) for existing power plants. Subsequently , on August 31,
2018, EPA proposed its Affordable Clean Energy Rule (ACE), which would replace the CPP with revised emission guidelines based
on heat rate improvement measures that could be achieved within the fence line of existing power plants.
Given litigati on uncertainty and the absence of a final ACE rule, Exelon and Generation canno t at this time predict the impacts of
regulation of existing power plants, or individual state responses to developments related to final resolution of the CPP and ACE
regulations, or how developments will impact their future financial statements.
Regional and State Climate Change Legislation and Regulation.  A number of states in which Exelon operates have state and
regional programs to reduce GHG emissions, including from the power sector . As the nation’ s largest generator of carbon-free
electricity , our fleet supports these efforts to produce safe, reliable electricity with minimal GHGs. Notably , nine northeast and mid-
Atlantic states (Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island and Vermont)
currently participate in the Regional Greenhous e Gas Initiative (RGGI), which is in the process of strengthening its requirements.
The program  requires most fossil fuel-fired power plants in the region to hold allowances, purcha sed at auction, for each ton of CO 2
emissions. Non-emitting resources do not have to purchase or hold these allowances.
Many states in which Exelon subsidiaries operate also have state-specific programs to address GHGs, including from power plants.
Most notable of these, besides RGGI, are through renewable and other portfolio standards. Additionally , in response to a court
decision clarifying the obligations under the Global Warming Solutions Act, the Massachusetts Department of Environmental
Protection in 2017 finalized regulations establishing a statewide cap on CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel power plants (Massachusetts
remains in RGGI as well). The effect of this new obligation and potential for market illiquidity in the early years represent a risk to
Generation’ s Massachus etts fossil facilities, including Medway and Mystic. At the same time, the District of Columbia is considering
a plan to incorporate the cost of carbon into electricity , via consumption, as well as directly into the cost of transportation and home
heating fuels. Details remain to be developed, but the specifics could have implications for Pepco’ s operations.
Regardless of whether GHG regulation occurs at the local, state, or federal level, Exelon remain s one of the largest, lowest-carbon
electric generators in the United States, relying mainly on nuclear , natural gas, hydropower , wind, and solar . The extent that the low-
carbon gene rating fleet will continue to be a competitive advantage for Exelon depends on resolution of the CPP and ACE
regulations and associated current or future litigation at the federal level, new or expanded  state action on greenhouse gas
emissions or direct supp ort of clean energy technologies, including nuclear , as well as potential market reforms that value our fleet’ s
emission-free attributes.
Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards
Thirty-nine states and the District of Columbia, incorporating the vast majority of Exelon operations as well as all utility operations,
have adopted some form of RPS requirement. These standards impose varying levels of mandates for procurement of renewable or
clean electri city (the definition of which varies by state) and/or energy efficiency . These are generally expressed as a percentage of
annual electric load, often increasing by year. Exelon's utilities comply with these various requirements through purchasing qualifying
renewables, implementin g efficiency programs, acquiring sufficient credits (e.g., RECs), paying an alternative compliance payment,
and/or a combination of these compliance alternatives. The Utility Registrants are permitted to recover from retail customers the
costs of complying with their state RPS requirements, including the procurement of RECs or other alternative energy resources. New
York, Illinois  and New Jersey adopted standa rds targeted at preserving the zero-carbon attributes of certain nuclear-powered
generating facilities. Generation owns multiple facilities participating in these programs within these states. Other states in which
Generation and our utilities operate are considering similar programs.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
renewable portfolio standards.
25
Table of Contents
Executive Officers of the Registrants as of February 8, 2019
Exelon
Name Age Position  Period
Crane, Christopher M. 60 Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon;  2012 - Present
   Chairman, ComEd, PECO & BGE  2012 - Present
   Chairman, PHI  2016 - Present
   President, Exelon  2008 - Present
   President, Generation  2008 - 2013
Cornew , Kenneth W . 53
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer,
Exelon;  2013 - Present
   President and CEO, Generation  2013 - Present
   Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer, Exelon  2012 - 2013
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Constellation  2012 - 2013
Pramaggiore, Anne R. 60
 Senior Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Exelon Utilities  2018 - Present
   Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd  2012 - 2018
   President, ComEd  2009 - 2018
Dominguez, Joseph 56 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2015 - 2018
   Senior V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2012 - 2015
Innocenzo, Michael A. 53 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO  2012 - 2018
Butler , Calvin G. 49 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE  2014 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE  2013 - 2014
   Senior V ice President, Corporate Affairs, Exelon  2011 - 2013
Velazquez, David M. 59 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI  2016 - Present
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Pepco, DPL  and ACE  2009 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Pepco Holdings, Inc.  2009 - 2016
Von Hoene Jr ., William A. 65
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Strategy Of ficer,
Exelon  2012 - Present
Nigro, Joseph 54
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer,
Exelon  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation  2013 - 2018
Aliabadi, Paymon 56 Executive V ice President and Chief Risk Of ficer, Exelon  2013 - Present
   Managing Director , Gleam Capital Management  2012 - 2013
26
Table of Contents
Name Age Position  Period
Souza, Fabian E. 48 Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller , Exelon  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Deputy Controller , Exelon  2017 - 2018
   Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Of ficer, The AES
Corporation  2015 - 2017
   Vice President, Internal Audit and Advisory Services, The AES
Corporation  2014 - 2015
   Deputy Corporate Controller , The AES Corporation  2014 - 2014
   Assistant Corporate Controller , Global Controllership, The AES
Corporation  2013 - 2014
   Controller , Global Utilities, The AES Corporation  2011 - 2013
Generation
Name Age Position  Period
Cornew , Kenneth W . 53
 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer,
Exelon;  2013 - Present
   President and CEO, Generation  2013 - Present
   Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer, Exelon  2012 - 2013
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Constellation  2012 - 2013
Pacilio, Michael J. 58
 Executive V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon
Generation  2015 - Present
   President, Exelon Nuclear; Senior V ice President  2010 - 2015
   and Chief Nuclear Of ficer, Generation   
Hanson, Bryan C 53
 President and Chief Nuclear Of ficer, Exelon Nuclear; Senior V ice
President, Exelon Generation  2015 - Present
McHugh, James 47
 Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Portfolio Management & Strategy ,
Constellation  2016 - 2018
   Vice President, Portfolio Management, Constellation  2012 - 2016
Barnes, John 55 Senior V ice President, Generation; President, Exelon Power  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Generation, Senior V ice President and
Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Power  2012 - 2018
Wright, Bryan P . 52 Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, Generation  2013 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Corporate Finance, Exelon  2012 - 2013
Bauer , Matthew N. 42 Vice President and Controller , Generation  2016 - Present
   Vice President and Controller , BGE  2014 - 2016
   Vice President of Power Finance, Exelon Power  2012 - 2014
27
Table of Contents
ComEd
Name Age Position  Period
Dominguez, Joseph 56 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2015 - 2018
   Senior V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs and
Public Policy , Exelon  2012 - 2015
Donnelly , Terence R. 58 President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Executive V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd  2012 - 2018
Jones, Jeanne M. 39
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
ComEd  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Finance, Exelon Nuclear  2014 - 2018
   Director , Finance, Exelon Nuclear  2013 - 2014
Park, Jane 46 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, ComEd  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Regulatory Policy & Strategy , ComEd  2016 - 2018
   Director , Business Strategy & Technology , ComEd  2014 - 2016
   Chief of Staf f to President and Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd  2012 - 2014
Gomez, V eronica 49
 Senior V ice President, Regulatory and Energy Policy and
General Counsel, ComEd  2017 - Present
   Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Litigation, Exelon  2012 - 2017
Marquez Jr ., Fidel 57
 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
ComEd  2012 - Present
McGuire, Timothy M. 60 Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd  2016 - Present
   Vice President, Transmission and Substations, ComEd  2010 - 2016
Kozel, Gerald J. 46 Vice President, Controller , ComEd  2013 - Present
   Assistant Corporate Controller , Exelon  2012 - 2013
28
Table of Contents
PECO
Name Age Position  Period
Innocenzo, Michael A. 53 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO  2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO  2012 - 2018
McDonald, John 61 Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Integration, Pepco Holdings  2016 - 2018
   Vice President, Technical Services  2006 - 2016
Stefani, Robert J. 44
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PECO  2018 - Present
   Vice President, Corporate Development, Exelon  2015 - 2018
   Director , Corporate Development, Exelon  2012 - 2015
Murphy , Elizabeth A. 59 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO  2016 - Present
   Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO  2012 - 2016
Webster Jr ., Richard G. 57 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PECO  2012 - Present
Feldhake, Lauren 53 Vice President, Customer Operations, PECO  2017 - Present
   Director , Customer Care, PECO  2014 - 2017
   Director , Customer Financial Operations, PECO  2009 - 2014
Diaz Jr ., Romulo L. 72 Vice President and General Counsel, PECO  2012 - Present
Bailey , Scott A. 42 Vice President and Controller , PECO  2012 - Present
29
Table of Contents
BGE
Name Age Position  Period
Butler , Calvin G. 49 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE  2014 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE  2013 - 2014
   Senior V ice President, Corporate Affairs, Exelon  2011 - 2013
Woerner , Stephen J. 51 President, BGE  2014 - Present
   Chief Operating Of ficer, BGE  2012 - Present
   Senior V ice President, BGE  2009 - 2014
Vahos, David M. 46
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
BGE  2016 - Present
   Vice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer , BGE  2014 - 2016
   Vice President and Controller , BGE  2012 - 2014
Núñez, Alexander G. 47 Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE  2016 - Present
   Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE  2013 - 2016
   Director , State Affairs, BGE  2012 - 2013
Case, Mark D. 57 Vice President, Strategy and Regulatory Affairs, BGE  2012 - Present
Oddoye, Rodney 42 Vice President, Customer Operations, BGE  2018 - Present
   Director , Northeast Regional Electric Operations, BGE  2016 - 2018
   Director , Financial Operations, BGE  2015 - 2016
   Manager , Distribution Operations, BGE  2013 - 2015
Corse, John 58 Vice President and General Counsel, BGE  2018 - Present
   Associate General Counsel, Exelon  2012 - 2018
Holmes, Andrew W . 50 Vice President and Controller , BGE  2016 - Present
   Director , Generation Accounting, Exelon  2013 - 2016
   Director , Derivatives and Technical Accounting, Exelon  2008 - 2013
30
Table of Contents
PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE
Name Age Position Period
Velazquez, David M. 59 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI 2016 - Present
   Executive V ice President, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2009 - 2016
   President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Pepco, DPL  and ACE 2009 - Present
Anthony , J. Tyler 54
 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL and ACE2016 - Present
   Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd 2010 - 2016
Barnett, Phillip S. 55
 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer PHI,
Pepco, DPL  and ACE2018 - Present
   Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, PECO 2007 - 2018
   Treasurer , PECO 2012 - 2018
Lavinson, Melissa 49
 Senior V ice President, Governmental & External Affairs, PHI,
Pepco, DPL  and ACE2018 - Present
   Vice President, Federal Affairs and Policy and Chief
Sustainability Of ficer, PG&E Corporation2015 - 2018
   Vice President, Federal Affairs, PG&E Corporation 2012 - 2015
Stark, W endy E. 46
 Senior V ice President, Legal and Regulatory Strategy and
General Counsel, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE2019 - Present
   Vice President and General Counsel, PHI, Pepco DPL  and ACE 2016 - 2018
   Deputy General Counsel, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2012 - Present
McGowan, Kevin M. 57
 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PHI, Pepco, DPL
and ACE2016 - Present
   Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2012 - 2016
Aiken, Robert 52 Vice President and Controller , PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE 2016 - Present
   Vice President and Controller , Generation 2012 - 2016
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS
Each of the Registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond that
Registrant’ s control. Management of each Registrant regularly meets with the Chief Risk Officer and the Registrant's Risk
Management Committee  (RMC), which comprise s officers of the Registrant, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the
Registrant's business and the appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. The Chief Risk Officer and senior executives of
the Registrants discuss those risks with the Finance and Risk Committee and Audit Committee of the Exelon Board of Directors and
the ComEd,  PECO, BGE and PHI Boards of Directors. In addition, the Generation Oversight Committee of the Exelon Board of
Directors evaluates risks related to the generation business. The risk factors discussed below could adversely affect one or more of
the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. Each of the Registrants
has disclose d the known material risks that affect its business at this time. However , there may be further risks and uncertainties that
are not presently known or that are not currently  believed by a Registrant to be material that could adversely affect its performance
or financial condition in the future.
Exelon's consolidated financial statements are affected to a significant degree by: (1) Generation’ s position as a predominantly
nuclear generator selling power into competitive energy markets with a concentration in select regions
31
Table of Contents
and (2) the role of the Utility Registrants as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in six of the largest
metropolitan areas in the United States. Factors that affect the consolidated financial statements of the Registrants fall primarily
under the following categories, all of which are discussed in further detail below:
•Market and Financial Factors.  Exelon’ s and Generation’ s results of operations are affected by price fluctuations in the
energy mark ets. Power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as (1) the price
of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects the prices that Generation can obtai n for the output of its power
plants, (2) the presence of other generation resources in the markets in which Generation’ s outpu t is sold, (3) the demand for
electricity in the markets  where the Registrants conduct their business, (4) the impacts of on-going competition in the retail
channel and (5) emerging technologies and business models.
•Regulatory and Legislative Factors.  The regulatory and legislative factors that affect the Registrants include changes to
the laws and regulations that govern competitive markets and utility regulatory business model cost recovery , tax policy , zero
emission credit programs and environmental policy . In particular , Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial performance could be
affected by changes in the design of competitive wholesale power markets or Generation’ s ability to sell power in those
markets. In addition, potential regulation and legislation, including regulation or legislation regarding climate change and
renewable portfolio standards (RPS), could have significant effects on the Registrants. Also, returns for the Utility Registrants
are influenced significantly by state regulation and regulatory proceedings.
•Operational Factors.  The Registrants’  operational performance is subject to those factors inherent in running the nation’s
largest fleet of nuclear power reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. The safe, secure and effective
operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as
the ability to maintain the availability , reliability , safety and security of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to Exelon’ s
ability to achieve value-added growth for customers, communities and shareholders. Additionally , the operating costs of the
Registrants and the opinions of their customers, regulators and shareholders are affected by those companies’  ability to
maintain the reliability , safety and ef ficiency of their energy delivery systems.
A discussion of each of these risk categories and other risk factors is included below .
Market and Financial Factors
Generation is exposed to depressed prices in the wholesale and retail power markets, which could negatively
affect its consolidated financial statements (Exelon and Generation).
Generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity gener ation supply portfolio. Generation’ s
earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates.
32
Table of Contents
Price of Fuels. The spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next
unit of electr icity to the market during that hour. Thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel
used to generate the electricity unit.
Demand and Supply . The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available
supply of electricity . Unfavorable economic cond itions, milder than normal weather , and the growth of energy efficiency and demand
response programs could each depress demand. In addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity could often exceed demand
during some hours of the day , resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as Exelon's nuclear plants.
Retail Competition. Generation’ s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins
that Generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. In periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low
market volatility , retail competitors can aggressi vely pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale
generators (including Generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. Increased or more aggressive competition
could adversely af fect overall gross margins and profitability in Generation’ s retail operations.
Sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could adversely affect Exelon’s and Generation’ s consolidated
financial statements and such impacts could be emphasized given Generation’ s concentration of base-load electric generating
capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic. These impacts could adversely
affect Exelo n’s and Generation’ s ability to fund regulated utility growth for the benefit of customers, reduce debt and provide
attractive shareholder returns. In addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating
facilities, which could adversely affect Exelon's  and Generation's result of operations through accelerated depreciation expense,
impairment charges related to inventory that cannot be used at other nuclear units and cancellation of in-flight capital projects,
accelerated amortization of plant specific nucle ar fuel costs, severance costs, accelerated asset retirement obligation expense
related to future decomm issioning activities, and additional funding of decommissioning costs, which can be offset in whole or in part
by reduced operating and maintenance expenses. See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
In addition to price fluctuations, Generation is exposed to other risks in the power markets that are beyond its
control and could negatively affect its results of operations (Exelon and Generation).
Credit Risk. In the bilateral markets,  Generation is exposed  to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money , or are
obligated to purchase energy or fuel from Generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In
the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in
the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the
counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain
markets, primarily RTOs and ISOs, the purpose of which is to spread such risk across all market participants. Generation is also a
party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In
addition, Generation’ s retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve
commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. Retail credit risk results when customers
default on their contractu al obligations. This risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer ’s
account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer .
Market Designs. The wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. Changes in these
market rules, problems with rule implementation , or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect Generation’ s business. In
addition, a significant decrease in market participation could af fect market liquidity and have a detrimental ef fect on market stability .
The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the
energy industry, including technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption (All
Registrants).
Some of these technologies include, but are not limited to, further development or applications of technologies related to shale gas
production, renewable energy technologies, energy ef ficiency , distributed generation and energy
33
Table of Contents
storage devices. Such developments could affect the price of energy , levels of customer-owned  generation, customer expectations
and current business models and make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities
obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. Such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand
for delivered energy . Each of these factors could materially affect the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements through, among
other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as
well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining
asset useful lives.
Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of NDT funds and employee benefit plan
assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant
additional funding (All Registrants).
Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular business es and the greater economy could
adversely affect the value of the investments held within Generation’ s NDTs and Exelon’ s employee benefit plan trusts. The
Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and Exelon and Generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet
those obligations. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the
Registrants’  projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments could increase Generation’ s funding
requirements to decommission its nuclear plants . A decline in the market value of the pension and OPEB plan assets will increase
the funding requirements associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan obligations. Additionally , Exelon’ s pension and OPEB
plan liabilities are sensi tive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabili ties increase, potentially increasing
benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life
expectancy assumptions  or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding
requirements of the obligations related to the pension and OPEB plans. If future increases in pension and other postretirement costs
as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors cannot be recovered, or cannot be recovered  in a timely manner , from the Utility
Registrants' customers, the consolidated financial statements of the Utility Registrants could be negatively affected. Ultimately , if the
Registrants are unable to manage the investme nts within the NDT funds and benefit plan assets and are unable to manage the
related benefit plan liabilities and the related asset retirement obligations, their consolidated financial statements could be negatively
impacted.
Unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets could adversely affect the
Registrants’ businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity
requirements, the Registrants’ ability to meet long-term commitments, Generation’s ability to hedge effectively
its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could negatively impact
the Registrants’ consolidated financial statements (All Registrants).
The Registra nts rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper
markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the Registrants’
respective operations. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the United States or abroad could adversely affect the
Registrants’  ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. The Registrants’  access
to funds under their credit facilities depends on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding
commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience shortages of
capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the Registrants and other borrowers within a
short period  of time. The inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit
markets as a result of uncertainty , changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial
institutions could result in the deferral of discre tionary capital expenditures, changes to Gener ation’ s hedging strategy in order to
reduce collateral posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.
In addition, the Registra nts have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe, Canada and Asia. Disruptions in these
markets could reduce or restrict the Registrants’  ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. As of
December 31, 2018 , approximat ely 19%, or $1.8 billion , 19%, or $1.8 billion , and 18%, or $1.7 billion  of the Registrants’  available
credit facilities were with European, Canadian and Asian banks, respectively . The credit facilities include $9.7 billion  (including
bilateral credit facilities and credit facilities for project
34
Table of Contents
finance) in aggregate total commitments of which $8.0 billion  was available as of December 31, 2018 . As of December 31, 2018 ,
there were no borrow ings under Generation's bilateral credit facilities. See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
The strength and depth of competition in energ y markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which
could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect
participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the
energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of
the Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater
regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power , including the
requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial
statements.
If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or
otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to
provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience
higher borrowing costs (All Registrants).
Generation’ s business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their
obligations. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt
rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements
to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity . The amount
of collateral required to be provided by Genera tion at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional
amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other
commodity prices. In addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the
downgrade. Generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of
business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry in gene ral, or Generation in particular , has
deteriorated. Changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of
Generation. Generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating
to those financings.  Failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or
waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise
anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would gener ally have broad remedies, including
rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force the Exelon subsidiaries in the project-specific
financings to enter into bankruptcy proceedings. The impact of bankruptcy on such arrangements may be a significant assumption in
performing impairment assessments of the project assets.
The Utility Registrants' operating agreements with PJM and PECO's, BGE's and DPL's natural gas procurement contracts contain
collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and
the Utility Registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would
be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their
remaining sources of liquidity . PJM collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as
market price s fall. Collateral posting requiremen ts for PECO, BGE and DPL, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will
generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. Given the relationship to forward market
prices, contr act collatera l requirements can be volatile. In addition, if the Utility Registrants were downgraded, they could experience
higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade.
A Utility Registrant could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of
business or financial risk and overall creditwor thiness of the utility industry in general, or a Utility Registrant in particular , has
deteriorated. A Utility Registrant could experience a downgrade if its current regulatory environment becomes less predictable by
materially lowering returns for the Utility Registrant or adopting other measures to limit utility rates. Additionally , the ratings for a
Utility Registrant could be downgraded if its financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance
or due to a failure to properly manage its capital structure. In addition, changes in ratings metho dologies by the agencies could also
have a negative impact on the ratings of the Utility Registrants.
35
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and
procedures intended to assure that the Utility Registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and
other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the Utility Registrants from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial
difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary . These measures (commonly referred to as “ring-fencing”) could help avoid or limit a
downgrade in the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ring-
fencing measures, the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon.
Consequently , a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the Utility
Registrants. A reduction in the credit rating of a Utility Registrant could have a material adverse ef fect on the Utility Registrant.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  —
Liquidity and Capital Resources  — Credit Matters — Market Conditions and Security Ratings for additional information regarding the
potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’  cash flows.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk
factors associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel (Exelon and Generation).
Generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. Nuclear fuel is obtained
predominantly through long-term uranium supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a
combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. Natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual,
short-term and spot-market purchases. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations,
availability restrictions and counterparty default that could negatively af fect the consolidated financial statements for Generation.
Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading
activities (Exelon and Generation).
Generation’ s asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities
expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into
financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’ s power generation  portfolio. Generation is exposed to
volatility in financial results for unhedged positi ons as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. Generation attempts to manage this
exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management
procedures may not work as planned and cann ot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and
procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future  performance, results of operations
could be diminished if the judgments and assu mptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future
prices and demand for power and other energy- related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become
less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity
trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its business or consolidated financial statements.
Financial performance and load requirements could be adversely affected if Generation is unable to effectively
manage its power portfolio (Exelon and Generation).
A significant  portion of Generation’ s power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the Utility Registrants
and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’ s output is sold in the
wholesale power markets. To the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the
related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’ s financial results could be
negatively affected if it is unable to cost-ef fectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio or
effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
36
Table of Contents
Challenges to tax positions taken by the Registrants as well as tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in
quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could impact the Registrants’ consolidated financial
statements. (All Registrants).
Corporate Tax Reform. On December 22, 2017 , President Trump signe d into law the TCJA. See Note 14 - Income Taxes  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
While the Registrants’  current tax accounting and future expectations are based on management’ s present understanding of the
provisions under the TCJA, further interpretive guidance of the TCJA ’s provisions could result in further adjustments that could have
a material impact to the Registrants’  future consolidated financial statements.
The Utility Registrants have made their best estimate regarding the probability and timing of settlements of net regulatory liabilities
established pursuant to the TCJA. However , the amount and timing of the settlements may change based on decisions and actions
by the rate regulators, which could have a material impact on the Utility Registrants’  future consolidated financial statements.
Tax reserve s. The Registra nts are required to make judgments  in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax
obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax
matters. These judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken
that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 14 — Income Taxes
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Increases in customer rates, including increases in the cost of purchased power and increases in natural gas
prices for the Utility Registrants, and the impact of economic downturns could lead to greater expense for
uncollectible customer balances. Additionally, increased rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered.
Both of these factors could decrease Generation’s and the Utility Registrants' results from operations, cash
flows or financial positions (All Registrants).
The impacts of economic downturns on the Utility Registrants' customers, such as unemploymen t for residential customers and less
demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on
residential service terminations, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances', which would
negatively affect the Utility Registrants' consolidated financial statements. Generation's custom er-facing energy delivery activities
face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances which
could negatively affect Generation's consolida ted financial statements. See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  for additional information of the Registrants’  credit risk.
The Utility Registrants' current procurement plans include purchasing power through contracted suppliers and in the spot market.
ComEd’ s, PECO’ s and ACE's costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. BGE's,
Pepco's and DPL's SOS rates charged to customers recover their wholesale power supply costs and include a return component.
For PECO and DPL, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit component. For BGE, purchased
natural gas costs are charged to customers using a MBR mechanism that compares the actual  cost of gas to a market index. The
difference between the actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholder s and customers. Purchased power
and natural gas prices fluctuate based on their relevant supply and demand. Significantly higher rates related to purchased power
and natural gas could result in declines in customer usage, lower revenues and potentially additio nal uncollectible accounts expense
for the Utility Registrants . In addition, any challenges by the regulators or the Utility Registrants as to the recoverability of these costs
could have a material adverse effect in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements. Also, the Utility Registrants' cash flows
could be adversely affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate
recovery from customers.
The effects of weather could impact the Registrants’ consolidated financial statements (All Registrants).
Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities.
Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and
temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate
temperatures adversely af fect the usage of energy and resulting revenues
37
Table of Contents
at PECO, DPL Delaware  and ACE. Due to reven ue decoupling, BGE, Pepco and DPL Maryland recognize revenues at MDPSC and
DCPSC-approved levels per customer , regardless of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period, and are not affected by
actual weather with the exception of major storms. Pursuant to the Future Energy Jobs Act (FEJA), beginning in 2017, customer
rates for ComEd are adjusted to eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weathe r and customer usage patterns on
distribution revenue.
Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the Utility Registrants' transmission and distribution
systems, communication systems and technology , resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’ s
ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions could have detrimental effects in the Utility Registrants'
consolidated financial statements. First and third quarter financial results, in particular , are substantially dependent on weather
conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
Generation’ s operations are also affected by weather , which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the
extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation could require greater resources to
meet its contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its
transmission, limiting Generation’ s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. In addition, drought-like conditions limiting
water usage  could impact Generation’ s ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity . These conditions, which cannot be
accurately predicted, could have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale
markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
Certain long-lived assets and other assets recorded on the Registrants’ statements of financial
position could become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts (All
Registrants).
Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the Registrants’  statements of financial position. In addition, Exelon and
Generation have significant balances related to unamortized energy contracts, as further disclosed in Note 10 — Intangible Assets  of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-
lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impair ment exist. Factors such as, but not
limited to, the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the
condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment. An impairment would require the
Registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of
the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
As of December 31, 2018 , Exelon's $6.7 billion  carrying amount of good will primarily consists of $2.6 billion  at ComEd relating to the
acquisition of ComEd in 2000 upon the formation of Exelon and $4.0 billion  at PHI primarily resulting from Exelon's acquisition of PHI
in the first quarter of 2016. Under GAAP , goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is
generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment
occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-of f to expense, which will also reduce equity . The actual timing and
amounts of any goodwill  impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. Such an impairment would
result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material adverse impact on Exelo n's, ComEd's, and PHI's results of
operations.
Regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and
transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s business, and the fair value of
debt, could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s, PHI’ s, and ComEd’ s goodwill, which could be material.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  —
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 6 — Property , Plant and Equipment, Note 7 — Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
and Intangibles  and Note 10 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
38
Table of Contents
Exelon and its subsidiaries at times guarantee the performance of third parties, which could result in
substantial costs in the event of non-performance by such third parties. In addition, the Registrants could have
rights under agreements which obligate third parties to indemnify the Registrants for various obligations, and
the Registrants could incur substantial costs in the event that the applicable Registrant is unable to enforce
those agreements or the applicable third-party is otherwise unable to perform. The Registrants could also
incur substantial costs in the event that third parties are entitled to indemnification related to environmental or
other risks in connection with the acquisition and divestiture of assets (All Registrants).
Some of the Registrants  have issued guarantees  of the performance of third parties, which obligate the Registrant or its subsidiaries
to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, a Registrant
could incur substantial cost to fulfill its obligations under these guarantees. Such performance  guarantees could have a material
impact in the consolidated financial statements of the Registrant. Some of the Registrants have  issued indemnities to third parties
regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets and a Registrant could incur substantial
costs to fulfill its obligat ions under these indem nities and such costs could adversely affect a Registrant’ s consolidated financial
statements.
Some of the Registrants  have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a
Registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected
by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected Registrant
could be held responsible for the obligations, which could adversely impact that Registrant’ s consolidated financial statements. Each
of the Utility Registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third party and in each case the transferee may have
agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable Utility Registrant for such obligations. In connection with the
restructurings under which ComEd, PECO and BGE transferred their generating assets to Generation, Generation assumed certain
of ComEd’ s, PECO’ s and BGE's rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. Further , ComEd, PECO
and BGE may have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify ComEd, PECO or
BGE for certain obligatio ns related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by Generation as part
of the restructuring. If the third-party , Generation or the transferee of Pepco's, DPL's or ACE’ s generation facilities experienced
events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, the applicable Utility Registrant could
be liable for any existing  or future claims, which could impact that Utility Registrant's consolidated financial statements. In addition,
the Utility Registrants may have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities.
Regulatory and Legislative Factors
The Registrants’ generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to
regulatory and legislative actions that adversely affect their consolidated financial statements. Fundamental
changes in regulation or legislation or violation of tariffs or market rules and anti-manipulation laws, could
disrupt the Registrants’ business plans and adversely affect their operations, cash flows or financial results
(All Registrants).
Substantially all aspects of the businesses of the Registrants are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation and
legislation. Further , Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements are significantly affected by Generation's sales and
purchases of commodities at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and Exelon’ s and the
Utility Regis trants' conso lidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover their
costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers. Similarly , there is risk that financial market
regulations could increa se the Registrants’  comp liance costs and limit their ability to engage in certain transactions. In the planning
and management of operations, the Registrants must address the effects of regulation on their businesses and changes in the
regulatory framework, including initiatives by Federal and state legislatures, RTOs, exchanges, ratemaking agencies and taxing
authorities. Additionally , the Registrants need to be cognizant and understand rule changes or Registrant actions that could result in
potential violation of tariffs, market rules and anti-manipulation laws. Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative
actions affecting the Registrants’  businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could
negatively impact their respective consolidated financial statements.
39
Table of Contents
State and federal regulatory and legislative developments related to emissions, climate change, tax reform, capacity market
mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity and RPS could also significantl y affect Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
consolidated financial statements. The Registr ants cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory proposals could
become law or what their ef fect will be on the Registrants.
Legislative and regulator y efforts in Illinois, New York and New Jersey to preserve the environme ntal attributes and reliability benefits
of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through zero emission credit programs are subject to legal challenges and, if
overturned, could negatively impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements and result in the early retirement of
certain of Generation’ s nuclear plants.
Generation could be negatively affected by possible Federal or state legislative or regulatory actions that
could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets (Exelon and Generation).
Approximately 63% of Generation’ s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-
term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by PJM. Generation’ s future results of operations will depend on (1) FERC’ s
continued adherence to and support for, policies  that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize
the value of zero-carbon  electricity and resilienc y and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or
otherwise negatively affect market competition. Generation could also be adversely affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives
designed to reduce wholesale prices artificially below competitive levels or to subsidize existing or new generation.
FERC’ s requirements for market-based rate authority, established in Order 697 and 816 and related subsequent orders, could pose
a risk that Generation may no longer satisfy FERC’ s tests for market-based rates. Since Order 697 became final in June 2007,
Generation has obtained orders af firming Generation’ s authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority .
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consum er Protection Act (the Act) was enacted in July 2010. The part of the Act that affects
Exelon most significantly is Title VII, which is known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act (Dodd-
Frank). Dodd-Frank requires a new regulatory regime for over-the-counter swaps (swaps), including mandatory clearing for certain
categories of swaps, incentives to shift swap activity to exchange trading, margin and capital requirements, and other obligations
designed to promote transparency . The primary aim of Dodd-Frank is to regulate the key interm ediaries in the swaps market, which
entities are swap dealer s (SDs), major swap participants (MSPs), or certain other financial entities, but the law also applies to a
lesser degree to end-users of swaps. The CFTC ’s Dodd-Frank regulations generally preserved the ability of end users in the energy
industry to hedge their risks using swaps without  being subject to mandatory clearing, and many  of the other substantive regulations
that apply to SDs, MSP s, and other financial entities. Generation manages, and expects to be able to continue to manage, its
commercial activity to ensure that it does not have to register as an SD or MSP  or other type of covered financial entity .
There are some rulemak ing proceedings that have not yet been finalized, in particular , proposed rules on position limits that would
apply to both Exchange-traded futures contracts  and economically-equivalent over-the-counter swaps. Although the company would
incur some costs associ ated with monitoring and compliance with such rules, it does not expect  the rules to have a material impact
on its business operations.
The Utility Registrants could also be subject to some Dodd-Frank requirements to the extent they were to enter into swaps.
However , at this time, management of the Utility Registrants continue to expect that their companies will not be materially affected by
Dodd-Frank.
Generation’s affiliation with the Utility Registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of
Generation’s physical asset base within the Utility Registrants' service territories, could increase Generation’s
cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the Utility Registrants' retail
rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation (Exelon and
Generation).
Generation has significant generating resources  within the service areas of the Utility Registrants and makes significant sales to
each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials,
legislators and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’ s affiliation with the Utility Registrant s and its sales to each of them. In
periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased
40
Table of Contents
costs of energy product ion and supply , those officials and advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions
incurred by the Utility Registrants with Generation, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those
transactions. These challenges could increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the
occurrence of such challenges could subject Generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those
markets. In addition, government officials and legislators could seek ways to force Generation  to contribute to efforts to mitigate
potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other
matters (All Registrants).
The busines ses which the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and
Federal authorities. These laws and regulation s affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make
capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste dispos al. Violations of these emission and
disposal requirements could subject the Regis trants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into
compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’  claims for
alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability
under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants
and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant
costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. Remediation activitie s associated with MGP  operations
conducted by predecess or companies are one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of
proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in
the future.
If application of Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to
aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Salem or other Exelon
power plants , this development could result in material costs of compliance. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Additionally , Generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly
owned gene ration facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle
lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure.
In some cases, a third-party who has acquired assets from a Registrant has assumed the liability the Registrant could otherwise
have for environmental matters related to the transferred property . If the transferee is unable, or fails, to discharge the assumed
liability , a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the Registrant responsi ble, and the Registrant’ s remedies
against the transferee could be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Changes in the Utility Registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates,
are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious,
lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce
time delays in effectuating rate changes (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
The Utility Registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms
and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and
officials, consumer advo cacy groups and various consumers of energy , who have differing concerns but who have the common
objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by
statute. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The
potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be
sufficient for a Utility Registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. Established rates are also subject to
subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or
disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, MGP
remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy ef ficiency and demand response programs.
41
Table of Contents
In certain instances, the Utility Registrants could  agree to negotiated settlements related to vario us rate matters, customer initiatives
or franchise agreements. These settlements are subject to regulatory approval.
The Utility Registrants cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, the
District of Columbia, Delaware, New Jersey or Federal regulators in establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain
costs such as significan t capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowe d. Nevertheless, the expectation is
that the Utility Registrant s will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will
also retain significant default service obligations, referred to as POLR, DSP, SOS and BGS, to provide electricity and natural gas to
certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose an alternative supplier . The ultimate outcome and
timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the Utility Registrants, as applicable, to recover their
costs or earn an adequate return and could have a material adverse effect in the Utility Registrants' consolidated financial
statements. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding rate proceedings.
Federal or additional state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by
customers, could negatively affect the consolidated financial statements of Generation and the Utility
Registrants (All Registrants).
Changes to current state legislation or the develo pment of Federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable and alternate
fuel sources could significantly impact Generation and the Utility Registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed for
Utility Registrants. The impact could include increased costs and increased rates for customers.
Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new
technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact the Utility
Registrants if timely cost recovery is not allowed. Furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in
customer energy consum ption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in
the revenues of Exelon, Generation and the Utility Registrants. For additional information, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS  — Environm ental
Regulation — Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards.
The impact of not meeting the criteria of the FASB guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of
regulation could be material to Exelon and the Utility Registrants (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
As of December 31, 2018 , Exelo n and the Utility Registrants have concluded that the operations of the Utility Registrants  meet the
criteria of the authoritative guidance for account ing for the effects of certain types of regulation. If it is concluded in a future period
that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, Exelon, and the Utility Registrants would be required to
eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. That action would include the elimination of any
or all regulat ory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their Consolidated Balance Shee ts and the recognition of a one-time
charge in their Consolid ated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The impa ct of not meeting the criteria of the
authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of Exelon and the Utility Registrants. The impacts and resolution
of the above items could  lead to an impairment of ComEd's or PHI’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset
the gains at ComEd discussed above. A signific ant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of the Utility
Registrants to pay dividends under Federal and state law and no longer meeting the regulato ry accounting criteria could cause
significant volatility in future results of operations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies , Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and
Note 10 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
accounting for the ef fects of regulation, regulatory matters and ComEd’ s and PHI's goodwill, respectively .
Exelon and Generation could incur material costs of compliance if Federal and/or state regulation or
legislation is adopted to address climate change (Exelon and Generation).
Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other
companies in many business sectors, including  utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of GHG emissions on climate
change. If carbon reduct ion regulation or legislation becomes effective, Exelon and Generation could incur costs either to limit further
the GHG emissions from their operations or to procure emission
42
Table of Contents
allowance credits. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS  — Global Climate Change and Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding climate change.
The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards,
including the likely exposure of the Utility Registrants to the results of PJM’s RTEP and NERC compliance
requirements (All Registrants).
As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including
Generation and the Utility Registrants, are subje ct to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC.
As operators of natural gas distribution systems, PECO, BGE and DPL are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the U.S.
Department of Transportation. The standards are based on the functions that need to be perform ed to ensure the bulk power system
operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards
could subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC,
DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU impose certain distribution reliability standards on the Utility Registrants. If the Registrants were found
not to be in compliance  with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions,
which could include substantial monetary penalties.
The Utility Registrants as transmission owner s are subject to NERC compliance requirements. NERC provides guidance to
transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. The results of these assessments could require the Utility
Registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet NERC
standards.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to
negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (All
Registrants).
The Registrants have large consumer customer bases and as a result could be the subject  of public criticism focused on the
operability of their assets  and infrastructure and quality of their service. Adverse publicity of this nature could render legislatures and
other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view
energy companies such as Exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and could cause Exelon and its subsidiaries to be
susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent
legislative or regulatory requirements (e.g. disallowances of costs, lower ROEs). The imposition of any of the foregoing could have a
material negative impact on the Registrants' business or consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. An
adverse determination could negatively impact their consolidated financial statements (All Registrants).
The Registrants are involved in legal proceeding s, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant
of which are summarized in Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Note s to Consolidated Financial
Statements. Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue or restrict existing
business activities, any of which could have a material adverse ef fect in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
Generation could be negatively affected by possible Nuclear Regulatory Commission actions that could affect
the operations and profitability of its nuclear generating fleet (Exelon and Generation).
Regulatory risk. A chan ge in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a subs tantial increase in
capital expe nditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’ s
consolidated financial statements. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, could cause the
NRC to initiate such actions.
43
Table of Contents
Spent nuclear fuel storage. The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF, such as the one previously conside red at
Yucca Moun tain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF,
and the ultim ate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. The NRC’ s temporary storage rule (also
referred to as the “waste confidence decision”) recognizes that licensees can safely store SNF at nuclear power plants for up to 60
years beyond the original and renewed licensed operating life of the plants.
Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF could adversely affect Generation’ s ability to
decommission fully its nuclear units. Through May 15, 2014, in accordance with the NWP A and Generation’ s contract with the DOE,
Generation paid the DOE a fee per kWh of net nuclear generation for the cost of SNF disposal.  This fee was discontinued effective
May 16, 2014. Until such time as a new fee structure is in effect, Exelon and Generation will not accrue any further costs related to
SNF disposal fees. Generation cannot predict what, if any, fee will be established in the future for SNF disposal. However , such a fee
could be material to Generation's consolidated financial statements. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the SNF obligation.
Operational Factors
The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of
injury due to the nature of the energy industry (All Registrants).
Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to,
potentially dangerous environments near their operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are
at some risk for serious injury , including loss of life. These risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes
and electric contact cases.
Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively
impact the Registrants' results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth (All
Registrants).
Generation’ s fleet of power plants and the Utility Registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by
natural disas ters, such as seismic activity , fires resulting from natural causes such as lightning, extreme weather events, changes in
temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability , sea level rise and other related
phenomena. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply
chain costs.  An extreme weather event within the Registrants’  service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing
disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment.
Natural disasters and other significant events increase the risk to Generation that the NRC or other regulatory or legislative bodies
could change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning,
SNF storage , insurance , emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological matters. In addition, natural disasters
could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for Generation’ s
continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. Additionally , natural disasters and other events that have an adverse
effect on the economy in general could adverse ly affect the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements and their ability to raise
capital.
The impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on Exelon is uncertain. As owner-operators of infrastructure
facilities, such as nuclea r, fossil and hydroelectric  generation facilities and electric and gas transm ission and distribution facilities, the
Registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror . Any retaliatory military
strikes or sustained military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and
disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or
cyber security of Exelon’ s facilities, which could adversely affect Exelon’ s ability to manage its business effectively . Instability in the
financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result
in a decline in energy consumption or interru ption of fuel or the supply chain, which could adversely affect the Registrants’
consolidated financial statements and their ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and
measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
44
Table of Contents
The Registra nts could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic.
However , depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability , the ability
to operate Exelon's generating and transmission  and distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and
increased costs.
In addition, Exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property , casualty and
cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt
operations. However , there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and
casualty losses.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and
operation of nuclear facilities (Exelon and Generation).
Nuclear capacity factors. Capacity factors for generating units, particularly capacity factors for nuclear generating units,
significantly affect Generation’ s results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce
electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently , to be successful,
Generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase Generation’ s
operating costs by requiring Generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy
in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’ s obligations to committed third-party sales, including the Utility
Registrants. These sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
Nuclear refueling outages. In general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. The total number of
refueling outages, along  with their duration, could have a significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. When refueling
outages last longer than anticipated or Generatio n experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and Generation faces
lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.
Nuclear fuel quality . The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Genera tion could affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’ s
operations. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or
increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
Operational risk. Operations at any of Generation’ s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to
shutdown the plant or operate at less than full capacity . If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require
significant time and expense. Generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the
plant to full capacity . In either event, Generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet
supply comm itments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation could  also incur liability to the co-owners.
For nuclear plants not operated and not wholly owned by Generation, from which Generation receives a portion of the plants’  output,
Generation’ s results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected
by a signific ant event at those plants. Additiona lly, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by Generation could
result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy , which could significantly affect Generation’ s
consolidated financial statements. In addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating
plants or failure of transm ission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity
in markets served by Generation.
Nuclear major incident risk. Although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other
unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and abroad. The consequences of a major incident could be severe
and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States,
owned or operated by Generation or owned by others, could exceed Generation’ s resources, including insurance coverage.
Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry , could be borne by
Generation and could have a material adverse effect in Generation’ s consolidated financial statements. Additionally , an accident or
other significant event at a nuclear plant within the United States or abroad, whether owned Generation or others, could result in
increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly adversely affect Generation’ s
consolidated financial statements.
Nuclear insurance. As required by the Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability
insurance, $450 million  for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through
45
Table of Contents
mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impos e revenue-raising measures on the
nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $14.1 billion  limit for a single incident.
Generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company , NEIL, which provides property and business interruption
insurance for Generation’ s nuclear operations. In previous years, NEIL  has made distributions to its members but Generation cannot
predict the level of future distributions or if they will occur at all. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of nuclear insurance.
Decommissioning obligation and funding. NRC regula tions require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate
reasonable assurance that funds will be availab le in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission
the facility . Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired and units
that are within five years of retirement) addressing Generation’ s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels including
scheduled contributions to and earnings on the NDT funds. The NRC funding levels are based upon the assumption that
decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit.
Generation recognizes as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear facilities. The
estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of
decommissioning costs and Federal and state  regulatory requirements. No assurance can be given that the costs of such
decommissioning will not substantially exceed such liability , as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including changes
in the approach and timing of decommissioning activities, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in Federal or state regulatory
requirements on the decommissioning of such facilities, other changes in our estimates or Generation’ s ability to effectively execute
on its planned decommissioning activities.
The perform ance of capital markets could significantly affect the value of the trust funds. Currently , Generation is making
contributions to certain trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts being collecte d by PECO from its customers and
remitted to Generation. While Generation, through PECO, has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers (subject
to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of its other
nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances chan ged such that Generation would be
unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts collected from PECO
customers, or if Generation no longer had recou rse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers if there was a shortfall of
funds for decommission ing, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units could be negatively affected and
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements could be significantly affected. See Note 15 — Asset Retirement
Obligations  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment,
and actual results could  differ significantly from current estimates. Ultimately , if the investments held by Generation’ s NDTs are not
sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’ s nuclear units, Generation could be required to take steps, such as providing
financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making addition al contributions to the trusts, which
could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future NRC minimum funding requirements
are met. As a result, Generation’ s consolidated financial statements could be significantly adversely affected. Additionally , if the
pledged assets are not sufficient to fund the Zion Station decommissioning activities under the Asset Sale Agreement (ASA),
Generation could have to seek remedies availab le under the ASA to reduce the risk of default by ZionSolutions and its parent. See
Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
For nuclear units that are subject to regulatory agreements with either the ICC or the PAPUC, decommissioning-related activities are
generally offset within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The offset of
decommissioning-related activities within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income results in an equal
adjustment to the noncurrent payables to affiliates at Generation. ComEd and PECO have recorded an equal noncurrent affiliate
receivable from Generation and a corresponding regulatory liability .
If the expected value in the NDT funds for any nuclear unit subject to the regulatory agreeme nts with the ICC is expected to not
exceed the total decommissioning obligation for that unit, the accounting to of fset decommissioning-
46
Table of Contents
related activities in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for that unit would be discontinued, the
decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
and the adverse impact  to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements could be material. For the nuclear units
subject to the regulatory  agreements with the PAPUC, any changes to the PECO regulatory agreements could impact Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s ability to offset decommission ing-related activities within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income, and the impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements could be material. If the
accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities is discontinued, any remaining balances  in noncurrent payables to affiliates
at Generation and ComEd's or PECO’ s noncurrent affiliate receivable from Generation and corresponding regulatory liability may
need to be reversed and could have a material impact in Generation’ s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and
operation of hydroelectric facilities (Exelon and Generation).
FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, Federal lands
or connected  to the interstate electric grid. The license for the Muddy Run Pumped Storage Project expires on December 1, 2055.
The license for the Cono wingo Hydroelectric Project expired on September 1, 2014. FERC issue d an annual license, effective as of
the expiration of the previous license. If FERC does not issue a license prior to the expiration of the annual license, the annual
license renews automati cally. Generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses
of its hydroe lectric facilities. If FERC does not issue new operating licenses for Generation’ s hydroelectric facilities or a station
cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’ s results of operatio ns could be adversely affected by
increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost
estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. Generation could also lose revenue and incur
increased fuel and purch ased power expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the
license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures, could
result in increased operating costs or could render the project uneconomic and significantly affect Generation’ s consolidated financial
statements. Similar effects could result from a change in the Federal Power Act or the appli cable regulations due to events at
hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation.
The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to
maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (All Registrants).
The Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by Gener ation in electric generating facilities
and by the Utility Regist rants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. These operational systems and infrastructure
have been in service for many years. Equipm ent, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to
operational failure, including events that are beyond the Registrants’  control, and could require significant expenditures to operate
efficiently . The Registrants’  respective consolidated financial statements could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively
manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. Furthermore, operational failure of electric or gas systems, generation
facilities or infrastructure  could result in potential liability if such failure results in damage to property or injury to individuals. See
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS  for additional information regarding the Registrants’  potential future capital expenditures.
The Utility Registrants' operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of the Utility Registrants are
affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems
(Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
Failures of the equipmen t or facilities, including information systems, used in the Utility Registra nts' delivery systems could interrupt
the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery , which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase
maintenance and capital expenditures. Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes
such as weather or information systems failure. Specifically , if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or
other technologies in the Utility Registrants' service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing
and other information systems, the Utility Regist rants' consolidated financial statements could be negatively impacted. Furthermore,
if
47
Table of Contents
any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the Utility Registrants'
financial results could be negatively impacted. If an employee or third party causes the operational systems to fail, either as a result
of inadverten t error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating the operational systems, the Utility Registrants' financial results
could also be negatively impacted. In addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational
system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are dif ficult to detect.
The aforementioned failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, could affect customer satisfaction
and the level of regulatory oversight and the Utility Registrants' maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are
required to provide service to all customers within their service territory , have generally been afforded liability protections against
claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however , ComEd could be required to pay damages to its
customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, and those damages could
be material to ComEd’ s consolidated financial statements.
The Utility Registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital
expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring
transmission systems (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
Demand for electricity within the Utility Registra nts' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative
routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenu es and results of operations. Also,
insuf ficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize the Utility Registrants' ability to comply with
reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. As with all utilities, potential concerns over
transmission capacity or generation facility retire ments could result in PJM or FERC requiring the Utility Registrants to upgrade or
expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
The electricity transmission facilities of the Utility Registrants are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring
utilities and are part of the interstate power trans mission grid that is operated by PJM RTO. Although PJM’ s systems and operations
are designe d to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the opera tions of one utility from having an
adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions at other utilities will not
cause interru ptions in the Utility Registrants’  service areas. If the Utility Registrants were to suffer such a service interruption, it could
have a negative impact in their and Exelon’ s consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (All Registrants).
The Registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of gener ation, transmission and distribution
facilities and as participants in commodities trading. Threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric
and natural gas utility industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and other
energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber , are becoming increasingly sophisticated and
dynamic. Continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks.
A security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the Registrants, their competit ors, vendors, business partners and
interconnected entities in RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the
transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical
infrastructure information, sensitive customer , vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. The risk of these
system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify , and while the Registrants have been, and will likely
continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none has directly experienced a material breach or disruption to its
network or information systems or our service operations. However , as such attacks continu e to increase in sophistication and
frequency , the Registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. If a significant breach were to occur , the
reputation of Exelon or another Registrant and its customer supply activities could be adversely affected, customer confidence in the
Registrants or others in the industry could be diminished, or Exelon and its subsidiaries could be subject to legal claims, loss of
revenues, increased costs, operations shutdown, etc., any of which could contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative
impact on the business and/or consolidated financial statements. Moreover , the amount and scope of insurance maintained against
losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately
compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. The Utility Registrants' deployme nt of smart meters throughout their
service territories could increase the
48
Table of Contents
risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by third parties. In addition, new or updated security regulations or
unforeseen threat sources could require chang es in current measures taken by the Registran ts or their business operations and
could adversely af fect their consolidated financial statements.
Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact the Registrants’
consolidated financial statements (All Registrants).
Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without
appropriate replacements, could lead to operatin g challenges and increased costs for the Registr ants. The challenges include lack of
resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for
contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. The Registra nts are particularly affected due to
the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution
operations. If the Registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their consolidated
financial statements could be negatively impacted.
The Registrants could make investments in new business initiatives, including initiatives mandated by
regulators, and markets that may not be successful, and acquisitions could not achieve the intended financial
results (All Registrants).
Generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive
energy value chain. This could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, nuclear
advisory or operating services for third parties, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses
and entry into liquefied natural gas. Such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of
management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence
performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. As these markets mature, there could be new market entrants or
expansion by established competitors that increase competition for customers and resources. Additionally , it is possible that FERC,
state public utility commissions or others could impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. All of these factors could result
in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.
The Utility Registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated Smart Grid and utility of the future initiatives and other
non-regulatory mandated initiatives. These risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery , regulatory concerns, cybersecurity and
obsolescence of technology . Due to these risks, no assurance can be given that such initiatives will be successful and will not have a
material adverse ef fect in the Utility Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants may not realize or achieve the anticipated cost savings through the cost management efforts
which could impact the Registrants’ results of operations (All Registrants).
The Registra nts’ future financial performance and level of profitability is dependent, in part, on various cost reduction initiatives. The
Registrants may encounter challenges in executing these cost reduction initiatives and not achieve the intended cost savings.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS
All Registrants
None.
49
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Generation
The following table describes Generation’ s interests in net electric generating capacity by station at December 31, 2018 :
Station(a) Region LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b)Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
Braidwood Midwest Braidwood, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,386
Byron Midwest Byron, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,347
LaSalle Midwest Seneca, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,320
Dresden Midwest Morris, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 1,845
Quad Cities Midwest Cordova, IL 2 75 Uranium Base-load 1,403(e) 
Clinton Midwest Clinton, IL 1 Uranium Base-load 1,069
Michigan Wind 2 Midwest Sanilac Co., MI 50 51 Wind Base-load 46(e)(g) 
Beebe Midwest Gratiot Co., MI 34 51 Wind Base-load 42(e)(h) 
Michigan Wind 1 Midwest Huron Co., MI 46 51 Wind Base-load 35(e)(g) 
Harvest 2 Midwest Huron Co., MI 33 51 Wind Base-load 30(e)(g) 
Harvest Midwest Huron Co., MI 32 51 Wind Base-load 27(e)(g) 
Beebe 1B Midwest Gratiot Co., MI 21 51 Wind Base-load 26(e)(g) 
Ewington Midwest Jackson Co., MN 10 99 Wind Base-load 20(e) 
Marshall Midwest Lyon Co., MN 9 99 Wind Base-load 19(e) 
City Solar Midwest Chicago, IL 1 Solar Base-load 9
Solar Ohio Midwest Toledo, OH 2 Solar Base-load 4
Blue Breezes Midwest Faribault Co., MN 2 Wind Base-load 3
CP Windfarm Midwest Faribault Co., MN 2 51 Wind Base-load 2(e)(g) 
Southeast Chicago Midwest Chicago, IL 8 Gas Peaking 296(k) 
Clinton Battery
Storage Midwest Blanchester , OH 1 Energy Storage Peaking 10
Total Midwest    11,939
LimerickMid-
Atlantic Sanatoga, P A 2 Uranium Base-load 2,317
Peach BottomMid-
Atlantic Delta, P A 2 50 Uranium Base-load 1,324(e) 
SalemMid-
AtlanticLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 2 42.59 Uranium Base-load 1,002(e) 
Calvert Clif fsMid-
Atlantic Lusby , MD 2 50.01 Uranium Base-load 895(e)(f) 
Three Mile IslandMid-
Atlantic Middletown, P A 1 Uranium Base-load 837(j) 
ConowingoMid-
Atlantic Darlington, MD 11 Hydroelectric Base-load 572
CriterionMid-
Atlantic Oakland, MD 28 51 Wind Base-load 36(e)(g) 
50
Table of Contents
Station(a) Region LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b)Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
Fair WindMid-
Atlantic Garrett County , MD 12 Wind Base-load 30
Solar Maryland MCMid-
Atlantic Various, MD 40 Solar Base-load 36
FourmileMid-
Atlantic Garrett County , MD 16 51 Wind Base-load 20(e)(g) 
Solar New Jersey 1Mid-
Atlantic Various, NJ 5 Solar Base-load 18
Solar New Jersey 2Mid-
Atlantic Various, NJ 2 Solar Base-load 11
Solar HorizonsMid-
Atlantic Emmitsburg, MD 1 51 Solar Base-load 8(e)(g) 
Solar MarylandMid-
Atlantic Various, MD 11 Solar Base-load 8
Solar Maryland 2Mid-
Atlantic Various, MD 3 Solar Base-load 8
Constellation New
EnergyMid-
Atlantic Gaithersburg, MD 1 Solar Base-load 5
Solar FederalMid-
Atlantic Trenton, NJ 1 Solar Base-load 5
Solar New Jersey 3Mid-
Atlantic Middle Township, NJ 5 51 Solar Base-load 1(e)(g) 
Solar DCMid-
Atlantic District of Columbia 1 Solar Base-load 1
Muddy RunMid-
Atlantic Drumore, P A 8 Hydroelectric Intermediate 1,070
Eddystone 3, 4Mid-
Atlantic Eddystone, P A 2 Oil/Gas Intermediate 760
PerrymanMid-
Atlantic Aberdeen, MD 5 Oil/Gas Peaking 404
CroydonMid-
Atlantic West Bristol, P A 8 Oil Peaking 391
Handsome LakeMid-
Atlantic Kennerdell, P A 5 Gas Peaking 268
Notch Clif fMid-
Atlantic Baltimore, MD 8 Gas Peaking 117(k) 
WestportMid-
Atlantic Baltimore, MD 1 Gas Peaking 116(k) 
RichmondMid-
Atlantic Philadelphia, P A 2 Oil Peaking 98
Gould StreetMid-
Atlantic Baltimore, MD 1 Gas Peaking 97(k) 
Philadelphia RoadMid-
Atlantic Baltimore, MD 4 Oil Peaking 61
EddystoneMid-
Atlantic Eddystone, P A 4 Oil Peaking 60
Fairless HillsMid-
Atlantic Fairless Hills, P A 2 Landfill Gas Peaking 60(k) 
DelawareMid-
Atlantic Philadelphia, P A 4 Oil Peaking 56
51
Table of Contents
Station(a) Region LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b)Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
SouthwarkMid-
Atlantic Philadelphia, P A 4 Oil Peaking 52
FallsMid-
Atlantic Morrisville, P A 3 Oil Peaking 51
MoserMid-
AtlanticLower PottsgroveT wp.,
PA 3 Oil Peaking 51
RiversideMid-
Atlantic Baltimore, MD 2 Oil Peaking 39(k)(l) 
ChesterMid-
Atlantic Chester , PA 3 Oil Peaking 39
SchuylkillMid-
Atlantic Philadelphia, P A 2 Oil Peaking 30
SalemMid-
AtlanticLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 1 42.59 Oil Peaking 16(e) 
PennsburyMid-
Atlantic Morrisville, P A 2 Landfill Gas Peaking 4(e) 
BethlehemMid-
Atlantic Bethlehem, P A 1 Landfill Gas Peaking 4(k) 
EasternMid-
Atlantic Bethlehem, P A 3 Landfill Gas Peaking 4(k) 
Total Mid-Atlantic    10,982
Whitetail ERCOT Webb County , TX 57 51 Wind Base-load 46(e)(g) 
Sendero ERCOTJim Hogg and Zapata
County , TX 39 51 Wind Base-load 40(e)(g) 
Constellation Solar
Texas Other Various, TX 11 Solar Base-load 13
Colorado Bend II ERCOT Wharton, TX 3 Gas Intermediate 1,088
Wolf Hollow II ERCOT Granbury , TX 3 Gas Intermediate 1,064
Handley 3 ERCOT Fort W orth, TX 1 Gas Intermediate 395
Handley 4, 5 ERCOT Fort W orth, TX 2 Gas Peaking 870
Total ERCOT    3,516
Solar 
MassachusettsNew
England Various, MA 10 Solar Base-load 7
Holyoke SolarNew
England Various, MA 2 Solar Base-load 5
Solar Net MeteringNew
England Uxbridge, MA 1 Solar Base-load 2
Solar ConnecticutNew
England Various, CT 1 Solar Base-load 1
Mystic 8, 9New
England Charlestown, MA 6 Gas Intermediate 1,417
Mystic 7New
England Charlestown, MA 1 Oil/Gas Intermediate 573(m) 
WymanNew
England Yarmouth, ME 1 5.9 Oil Intermediate 35(e) 
West MedwayNew
England West Medway , MA 3 Oil Peaking 123
52
Table of Contents
Station(a) Region LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b)Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
FraminghamNew
England Framingham, MA 3 Oil Peaking 31
Mystic JetNew
England Charlestown, MA 1 Oil Peaking 9(m) 
Total New England    2,203
Nine Mile Point New York Scriba, NY 2 50.01 Uranium Base-load 838(e)(f) 
FitzPatrick New York Scriba, NY 1 Uranium Base-load 842
Ginna New York Ontario, NY 1 50.01 Uranium Base-load 288(e)(f) 
Solar New York New York Bethlehem, NY 1 Solar Base-load 3
Total New York    1,971
Antelope V alley Other Lancaster , CA 1 Solar Base-load 242
Bluestem Other Beaver County , OK 60 51 Wind Base-load 101(e)(g)
(h) 
Exelon Wind 4 Other Gruver , TX 38 Wind Base-load 80
Shooting Star Other Kiowa County , KS 65 51 Wind Base-load 53(e)(g) 
Albany Green Energy Other Albany , GA 1 99 Biomass Base-load 52(i) 
Solar Arizona Other Various, AZ 127  Solar Base-load 46
Bluegrass Ridge Other King City , MO 27 51 Wind Base-load 29(e)(g) 
California PV Energy 2 Other Various, CA 89 Solar Base-load 27
Conception Other Barnard, MO 24 51 Wind Base-load 26(e)(g) 
Cow Branch Other Rock Port, MO 24 51 Wind Base-load 26(e)(g) 
Solar Arizona 2 Other Various, AZ 25 Solar Base-load 23
California PV Energy Other Various, CA 53 Solar Base-load 21
Mountain Home Other Glenns Ferry , ID 20 51 Wind Base-load 21(e)(g) 
High Mesa Other Elmore Co., ID 19 51 Wind Base-load 20(e)(g) 
Echo 1 Other Echo, OR 21 50.49 Wind Base-load 17(e)(g) 
Sacramento PV
Energy Other Sacramento, CA 4 51 Solar Base-load 15(e)(g) 
Cassia Other Buhl, ID 14 51 Wind Base-load 15(e)(g) 
Wildcat Other Lovington, NM 13 51 Wind Base-load 14(e)(g) 
Echo 2 Other Echo, OR 10 51 Wind Base-load 10(e)(g) 
Exelon Wind 5 Other Texhoma, TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
Exelon Wind 6 Other Texhoma, TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
Exelon Wind 7 Other Sunray , TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
Exelon Wind 8 Other Sunray , TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
Exelon Wind 9 Other Sunray , TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
Exelon Wind 10 Other Dumas, TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
Exelon Wind 11 Other Dumas, TX 8 Wind Base-load 10
53
Table of Contents
Station(a) Region LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
Owned(b)Primary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
Type(c)Net
Generation
Capacity (MW)
(d)
High Plains Other Panhandle, TX 8 99.5 Wind Base-load 10(e) 
Solar Georgia 2 Other Various, GA 8 Solar Base-load 10
Tuana Springs Other Hagerman, ID 8 51 Wind Base-load 9(e)(g) 
Solar Georgia Other Various, GA 10 Solar Base-load 8
Greensburg Other Greensburg, KS 10 51 Wind Base-load 7(e)(g) 
Outback Solar Other Christmas V alley, OR 1 Solar Base-load 6
Echo 3 Other Echo, OR 6 50.49 Wind Base-load 5(e)(g) 
Three Mile Canyon Other Boardman, OR 6 51 Wind Base-load 5(e)(g) 
Loess Hills Other Rock Port, MO 4 Wind Base-load 5
California PV Energy 3 Other Various, CA 10 Solar Base-load 5
Mohave Sunrise Solar Other Fort Mohave, AZ 1 Solar Base-load 5
Denver Airport 
Solar Other Denver , CO 1 51 Solar Base-load 2(e)(g) 
Hillabee Other Alexander City , AL 3 Gas Intermediate 753
Grande Prairie Other Alberta, Canada 1 Gas Peaking 105
SEGS 4, 5, 6 Other Boron, CA 34.2-12.2 Solar Peaking 9(e) 
Total Other    1,852
Total    32,463
__________
(a)All nuclear stations are boiling water reactors except Braidwood, Byron, Calvert Cliffs, Ginna, Salem and Three Mile Island, which are
pressurized water reactors.
(b)100%, unless otherwise indicated.
(c)Base-load units are plants that normally operate to take all or part of the minimum continuous load of a system and, consequently, produce
electricity at an essentially constant rate. Intermediate units are plants that normally operate to take load of a system during the daytime higher
load hours and, consequently, produce electricity by cycling on and off daily. Peaking units consist of lower-efficiency, quick response steam
units, gas turbines and diesels normally used during the maximum load periods.
(d)For nuclear stations, capacity reflects the annual mean rating. Fossil stations reflect a summer rating. Wind and solar facilities reflect name plate
capacity.
(e)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share.
(f)Reflects Generation’s 50.01% interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF. For Nine Mile Point, the co-owner owns 18% of Unit 2. Thus, Exelon’s
ownership is 50.01% of 82% of Nine Mile Point Unit 2.
(g)Reflects the sale of 49% of EGRP to a third party on July 6, 2017. See Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(h)EGRP owns 100% of the Class A membership interests and a tax equity investor owns 100% of the Class B membership interests of the entity
that owns the Bluestem generating assets.
(i)Generation directly owns a 50% interest in the Albany Green Energy station and an additional 49% through the consolidation of a Variable
Interest Entity.
(j)Generation has announced it will permanently cease generation operations at TMI on or about September 30, 2019. See Note 8 — Early Plant
Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(k)Generation has agreed to retire and cease generation operations at the Gould Street, Fairless Hills, Eastern, Bethlehem, Southeast Chicago,
Notch Cliff, Riverside (unit 8), Westport and Pennsbury units on or before June 1, 2020.
(l)Generation plans to retire and cease generation operation at Riverside (unit 7) on or about March 14, 2019.
(m)Generation plans to retire and cease generation operation at the Mystic 7 and Mystic Jet units on or about June 1, 2022.
The net generation capability available for operation at any time may be less due to regulatory restrictions, transmission congestion,
fuel restricti ons, efficien cy of cooling facilities, level of water supplies or generating units being temporarily out of service for
inspection, maintenance, refueling, repairs or modifications required by regulatory authorities.
54
Table of Contents
Generation maintains property insurance agains t loss or damage to its principal plants and properties by fire or other perils, subject
to certain exceptions. For additional information regarding nuclear insurance of generating facilities, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS  —
Exelon Generation Company , LLC. For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the
policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in
Generation’ s consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
ComEd
ComEd’ s electric substations and a portion of its transmission rights of way are located on property that ComEd owns. A significant
portion of its electric transmission and distribution facilities is located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places or
property that others own. ComEd believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants,
easements, licenses and franchise rights; however , it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon
which the rights rest.
Transmission and Distribution
ComEd’ s high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2018  were as follows:
Voltage (Volts) Circuit Miles
765,000 90
345,000 2,716
138,000 2,209
ComEd’ s electric distribution system includes 35,398  circuit miles of overhead lines and 32,010  circuit miles of underground lines.
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principa l properties of ComEd are subject to the lien of ComEd’ s Mortgage dated July 1, 1923, as amended and supplemented,
under which ComEd’ s First Mortgage Bonds are issued.
ComEd maintains property insurance against loss or damage to its properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain exceptions.
For its insured losses, ComEd is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolida ted financial condition or results of
operations of ComEd.
PECO
PECO’ s electric substations and a significant portion of its transmission lines are located on property that PECO owns. A significant
portion of its electric transmission and distribution facilities is located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places or
property that others own. PECO believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants,
easements and licenses; however , it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights
rest.
55
Table of Contents
Transmission and Distribution
PECO’ s high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2018  were as follows:
Voltage (Volts) Circuit Miles
500,000 188(a) 
230,000 549
138,000 135
69,000 181
__________
(a)In addition, PECO has a 22.00% ownership interest in 127 miles of 500 kV lines located in Pennsylvania and a 42.55% ownership interest in
131 miles of 500 kV lines located in Delaware and New Jersey.
PECO’ s electric distribution system includes 12,957  circuit miles of overhead lines and 9,367  circuit miles of underground lines.
Gas
The following table sets forth PECO’ s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2018 :
 Pipeline Miles
Transmission 9
Distribution 6,912
Service piping 6,377
Total 13,298
PECO has an LNG facility located in West Conshohocken, Pennsylvania that has a storage capacity of 1,200  mmcf and a send-out
capacity of 160 mmcf/day and a propan e-air plant located in Chester , Pennsylvania, with a tank storage capacity of 105 mmcf and a
peaking capability of 25 mmcf/day . In addition, PECO owns 30 natural gas city gate stations and direct pipelin e customer delivery
points at various locations throughout its gas service territory .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principal properties of PECO are subject to the lien of PECO’ s Mortgage dated May 1, 1923, as amended and supplemented,
under which PECO’ s first and refunding mortgage bonds are issued.
PECO maintains property insurance against loss or damage to its properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain exceptions. For
its insured losses, PECO is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolida ted financial condition or results of
operations of PECO.
BGE
BGE’ s electr ic substations and a significant portion of its transmission lines are located on property that BGE owns. A significant
portion of its electric transmission and distribution facilities is located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places or
property that others own. BGE believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants,
easements and licenses; however , it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights
rest.
56
Table of Contents
Transmission and Distribution
BGE’ s high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2018  were as follows:
Voltage (Volts) Circuit Miles
500,000 218
230,000 358
138,000 55
115,000 706
BGE’ s electric distribution system includes 9,191  circuit miles of overhead lines and 17,295  circuit miles of underground lines.
Gas
The following table sets forth BGE’ s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2018 :
 Pipeline Miles
Transmission 161
Distribution 7,348
Service piping 6,305
Total 13,814
BGE has an LNG facility located in Baltimore, Maryland that has a storage capacity of 1,056  mmcf  and a send-out capacity of 332
mmcf/day and a propane-air plant located in Baltimore, Maryland, with a storage capacity of 550 mmcf and a send-out capacity of 85
mmcf/day . In addition, BGE owns 12 natural gas city gate stations and 20 direct pipeline custome r delivery points at various
locations throughout its gas service territory .
Property Insurance
BGE owns its principal headquarters building located in downtown Baltimore. BGE maintains property insurance against loss or
damage to its properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain exceptions. For its insured losses, BGE is self-insured to the extent
that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintain ed. Any such losses could have a
material adverse ef fect in the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of BGE.
Pepco
Pepco’ s electric substations and a significant portion of its transmission lines are located on property that Pepco owns. A significant
portion of its electric transmission and distribution facilities is located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places or
property that others own. Pepco believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants,
easements and licenses; however , it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights
rest.
57
Table of Contents
Transmission and Distribution
Pepco’ s high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2018  were as follows:
Voltage (Volts) Circuit Miles
500,000 142
230,000 767
138,000 61
115,000 38
Pepco’ s electric distribution system includes approximately 4,127  circuit miles of overhead lines and 7,039  circuit miles of
underground lines. Pepco also operates a distribution system control center in Bethesda, Maryland. The computer equipment and
systems contained in Pepco’ s control center are financed through a sale and leaseback transaction.
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principal properties of Pepco are subject to the lien of Pepco’ s mortgage dated July 1, 1935, as amended and supplemented,
under which Pepco First Mortgage Bonds are issued.
Pepco maint ains property insurance against loss or damage to its properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain exceptions. For
its insured losses, Pepco is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolida ted financial condition or results of
operations of Pepco.
DPL
DPL’s electric substations and a significant portion of its transmission lines are located on property that DPL owns. A significant
portion of its electric transmission and distribution facilities is located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places or
property that others own. DPL believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants,
easements and licenses; however , it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights
rest.
Transmission and Distribution
DPL’s high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2018  were as follows:
Voltage (Volts) Circuit Miles
500,000 16
230,000 471
138,000 586
69,000 569
DPL’s electric distribution system includes appro ximately 6,031  circuit miles of overhead lines and 6,298  circuit miles of underground
lines. DPL  also owns and operates a distribution system control center in New Castle, Delaware.
58
Table of Contents
Gas
The following table sets forth DPL ’s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2018 :
 Pipeline Miles
Transmission (a)8
Distribution 2,065
Service piping 1,398
Total 3,471
___________
(a)DPL has a 10% undivided interest in approximately 8 miles of natural gas transmission mains located in Delaware which are used by DPL for its
natural gas operations and by 90% owner for distribution of natural gas to its electric generating facilities.
DPL owns a liquefied natural gas facility located in Wilmington, Delaware, with a storage capacity of approximately 250 mmcf and an
emergency sendout capability of 36 mmcf/day . DPL owns 4 natural gas city gate stations at various location s in New Castle County ,
Delaware. These stations have a total primary delivery point contractual entitlement of 158 mmcf/day .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principal properties of DPL are subject to the lien of DPL’s mortgage dated October 1, 1947, as amended and supplemented,
under which DPL  First Mortgage Bonds are issued.
DPL maintains property insurance against loss or damage to its properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain exceptions. For its
insured losses, DPL is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance
maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of
DPL.
ACE
ACE’ s electr ic substations and a significant portion of its transmission lines are located on property that ACE owns. A significant
portion of its electric transmission and distribution facilities is located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places or
property that others own. ACE believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants,
easements and licenses; however , it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights
rest.
Transmission and Distribution
ACE’ s high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2018  were as follows:
Voltage (Volts) Circuit Miles
500,000 —
230,000 221
138,000 239
69,000 663
ACE’ s electric distribution system includes approximately 7,378  circuit miles of overhead lines and 2,927  circuit miles of
underground lines. ACE also owns and operates a distribution system control center in Mays Landing, New Jersey .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principa l properties of ACE are subject to the lien of ACE’ s mortgage dated January 15, 1937, as amended and supplemented,
under which ACE First Mortgage Bonds are issued.
59
Table of Contents
ACE maintains property insurance against loss or damage to its properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain exceptions. For
its insured losses, ACE is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolida ted financial condition or results of
operations of ACE.
Exelon
Security Measures
The Registra nts have initiated and work to main tain security measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced
security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term design changes and redundancy
measures. Additionally , the energy industry has strategic relationships with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans
are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the country’ s energy systems.
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS
All Registrants
The Registrants are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. For
information regarding material lawsuits and proceedings, see Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 22 — Commitments and
Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Finan cial Statements. Such descriptions are incorporated herein by these
references.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES
All Registrants
Not Applicable to the Registrants.
60
Table of Contents
PART II
(Dollars in millions except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES
Exelon
Exelon’ s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (trading symbol: EXC). As of January 31, 2019 , there  were
969,745,933  shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 99,857  record holders of common stock.
Stock Performance Graph
The performance graph below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns base d on an initial investment of $100 in
Exelon common stock, as compared with the S&P  500 Stock Index and the S&P  Utility Index, for the period 2014  through 2018 .
This performance chart assumes:
•$100 invested on December 31, 2013 in Exelon common stock, in the S&P  500 Stock Index and in the S&P  Utility Index; and
•All dividends are reinvested.
61
Table of Contents
Value of Investment at December 31,
 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Exelon Corporation $100 $140.61 $109.44 $145.34 $167.22 $197.86
S&P 500 $100 $113.68 $115.24 $129.02 $157.17 $150.27
S&P Utilities $100 $128.98 $122.73 $142.72 $160.00 $166.57
Generation
As of January 31, 2019 , Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in Generation.
ComEd
As of January 31, 2019 , there were 127,021,331  outstanding shares of common stock, $12.50  par value, of ComEd, of which
127,002,904  shares were indirectly held by Exelon. At January 31, 2019 , in addition to Exelon, there were 294 record holders of
ComEd common stock. There is no established market for shares of the common stock of ComEd.
PECO
As of January 31, 2019 , there were 170,478,507  outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of PECO, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
62
Table of Contents
BGE
As of January 31, 2019 , there were 1,000  outstanding  shares of common stock, without par value, of BGE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
PHI
As of January 31, 2019 , Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in PHI.
Pepco
As of January 31, 2019 , there were 100 outstanding  shares of common stock, $0.01  par value, of Pepco, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
DPL
As of January 31, 2019 , there were 1,000  outstanding  shares of common stock, $2.25  par value, of DPL, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
ACE
As of January 31, 2019 , there were 8,546,017  outstanding shares of common stock, $3.00  par value, of ACE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
All Registrants
Dividends
Under applicable Federal law, Generation, Com Ed, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE can pay dividends only from retained,
undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may limit
the dividends that these companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with a financin g arranged through ComEd Financing III that ComEd will not declare dividends on
any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated
debt securities issued to ComEd Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be 48% as equity  levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC or (b) Pepco’ s senior
unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL ’s
63
Table of Contents
senior unsec ured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are calculated
under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit
rating agenc ies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requi res ACE to obtain the prior approval
of the NJBP U before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization , excluding securitization debt, falls
below 30%. No such events have occurred.
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering
2018 through 2020, beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
At December 31, 2018 , Exelon had retained earnings of $14,766 million , including Generation’ s undistributed earnings of $3,724
million , ComEd’ s retained earnings of $1,337 million  consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $2,976
million , partially offset by $1,639 million  of unappropriated accumulated deficits, PECO’ s retained earnings of $1,242 million , BGE’ s
retained earnings of $1,640 million , and PHI's undistributed earnings of $62 million .
The following table sets forth Exelon’ s quarterly cash dividends per share paid during 2018  and 2017 :
 2018 2017
(per share)Fourth
Quarter Third
QuarterSecond
Quarter First
QuarterFourth
Quarter Third
QuarterSecond
Quarter First
Quarter
Exelon 0.345  0.345 0.345  0.345 0.328  0.328 0.328  0.328
The following table sets forth Generation's and PHI's quarterly distributions and ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and
ACE's quarterly common dividend payments:
 2018  2017
(in millions)4th
Quarter 3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter 4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter 1st
Quarter
Generation $ 313  $ 311 $ 189 $ 188  $ 165 $ 164 $ 166  $ 164
ComEd 114  116 115 114  106 105 106  105
PECO 6 7 6 287  72 72 72 72
BGE 52 52 53 52 50 49 50 49
PHI 94 123 38 71 44 136 62 69
Pepco 41 78 25 25 — 75 28 30
DPL 38 18 4 36 30 28 24 30
ACE 13 27 10 9 15 31 12 10
First Quarter 2019 Dividend
On February 5, 2019 , the Exelon Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2019 regular quarterly dividend of $0.3625  per share on
Exelon’ s common stock payable on March 8, 2019 , to shareholders of record of Exelon at the end of the day on February 20, 2019 .
64
Table of Contents
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL  DATA
Exelon
The selected  financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Exelon. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with Exelon’ s Consolidated Financial Statements
and ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2018 2017(c, d) 2016(a, c, d)  2015(c) 2014(b,c)
Statement of Operations data:    
Operating revenues $ 35,985 $ 33,565 $ 31,366  $ 29,447 $ 27,429
Operating income 3,898 4,395 3,212  4,554 3,210
Net income 2,084 3,876 1,196 2,250 1,820
Net income attributable to common
shareholders 2,010 3,786 1,121  2,269 1,623
Earnings per average common share
(diluted):    
Net income $ 2.07 $ 3.99 $ 1.21  $ 2.54 $ 1.88
Dividends per common share $ 1.38 $ 1.31 $ 1.26  $ 1.24 $ 1.24
__________
(a) The 2016 financial results include the activity of PHI from the merger effective date of March 24, 2016 through December 31, 2016.
(b)On April 1, 2014, Generation assumed operational control of CENG’s nuclear fleet. As a result, the 2014 financial results include CENG’s results
of operations on a fully consolidated basis.
(c)Amounts have been recasted to reflect the Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit
Cost guidance adopted as of January 1, 2018. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
(d)Amounts for 2017 and 2016 have been recasted to reflect the Revenue from Contracts with Customers guidance adopted as of January 1,
2018. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The
2015 and 2014 balances are not recasted for this guidance and are not comparative.
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017(a)  2016(a)  2015(a) 2014(a)
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 13,360 $ 11,896  $ 12,451  $ 15,334 $ 11,853
Property , plant and equipment, net 76,707 74,202  71,555  57,439 52,170
Total assets 119,666 116,770 114,952 95,384 86,416
Current liabilities 11,404 10,798  13,463  9,118 8,762
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 34,465 32,565  32,216  24,286 19,853
Shareholders’  equity 30,764 29,896  25,860  25,793 22,608
(a)Amounts for 2017 and 2016 have been recasted to reflect the Revenue from Contracts with Customers guidance adopted as of January 1,
2018. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The
2015 and 2014 balances are not recasted for this guidance and are not comparative.
65
Table of Contents
Generation
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Generation.
This data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with Generation’ s Consolidated Financial
Statements and ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESU LTS OF
OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017(b) 2016(b)  2015 2014(a)
Statement of Operations data:   
Operating revenues $ 20,437 $ 18,500 $ 17,757  $ 19,135 $ 17,393
Operating income 975 947 820  2,275 1,176
Net income 443 2,798 550  1,340 1,019
__________
(a)On April 1, 2014, Generation assumed operational control of CENG’s nuclear fleet. As a result, the 2014 financial results include CENG’s results
of operations on a fully consolidated basis.
(b)Amounts for 2017 and 2016 have been recasted to reflect the Revenue from Contracts with Customers guidance adopted as of January 1,
2018. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The
2015 and 2014 balances are not recasted for this guidance and are not comparative.
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017(a)  2016(a)  2015 2014
Balance Sheet data:      
Current assets $ 8,433 $ 6,882  $ 6,567  $ 6,342 $ 7,311
Property , plant and equipment, net 23,981 24,906  25,585  25,843 23,028
Total assets 47,556 48,457 47,022 46,529 44,951
Current liabilities 5,769 4,191  5,689  4,933 4,459
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to af filiates 7,887 8,644  8,124  8,869 7,582
Member ’s equity 13,204 13,669  11,505  11,635 12,718
(a)Amounts for 2017 and 2016 have been recasted to reflect the Revenue from Contracts with Customers guidance adopted as of January 1,
2018. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The
2015 and 2014 balances are not recasted for this guidance and are not comparative.
ComEd
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of ComEd. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with ComEd’ s Consolidated Financial Statements
and ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016  2015 2014
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 5,882 $ 5,536  $ 5,254  $ 4,905 $ 4,564
Operating income 1,146 1,323  1,205  1,017 980
Net income 664 567  378  426 408
66
Table of Contents
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016  2015 2014
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 1,570 $ 1,364  $ 1,554  $ 1,518 $ 1,723
Property , plant and equipment, net 22,058 20,723  19,335  17,502 15,793
Total assets 31,213 29,726 28,335 26,532 25,358
Current liabilities 1,925 2,294  2,938  2,766 1,923
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 8,006 6,966  6,813  6,049 5,870
Shareholders’  equity 10,247 9,542  8,725  8,243 7,907
PECO
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of PECO. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with PECO’ s Consolidated Financial Statements and
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016  2015 2014
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 3,038 $ 2,870  $ 2,994  $ 3,032 $ 3,094
Operating income 587 655  702  630 572
Net income 460 434  438  378 352
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017 2016  2015  2014
Balance Sheet data:      
Current assets $ 782  $ 822 $ 757  $ 842  $ 645
Property , plant and equipment, net 8,610  8,053 7,565  7,141  6,801
Total assets 10,642 10,170 10,831 10,367 9,860
Current liabilities 809  1,267 727  944  653
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 3,268  2,587 2,764  2,464  2,416
Shareholder's equity 3,820  3,577 3,415  3,236  3,121
67
Table of Contents
BGE
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of BGE. This data
is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with BGE’ s Consolida ted Financial Statements and ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016  2015 2014
Statement of Operations data:      
Operating revenues $ 3,169 $ 3,176  $ 3,233  $ 3,135 $ 3,165
Operating income 474 614  550  558 439
Net income 313 307  294  288 211
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016  2015 2014
Balance Sheet data:     
Current assets $ 786 $ 811  $ 842  $ 845 $ 951
Property , plant and equipment, net 8,243 7,602  7,040  6,597 6,204
Total assets 9,716 9,104 8,704 8,295 8,056
Current liabilities 774 760  707  1,134 794
Long-term debt, including long-term
debt to financing trusts 2,876 2,577  2,533  1,732 2,109
Shareholder's equity 3,354 3,141  2,848  2,687 2,563
PHI
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of PHI. This data
is qualified in its entirety  by reference to and should be read in conjunction with PHI’s Consolidated Financial Statements and ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 Successor   Predecessor
 For the Years Ended
December 31,  March 24 to
December 31  January 1 to
March 23,For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016   2016 2015 2014
Statement of Operations data(a):       
Operating revenues $ 4,805  $ 4,679  $ 3,643   $ 1,153 $4,935 $ 4,808
Operating income 650  769  93  105 673 605
Net income (loss) from continuing
operations 398  362  (61)  19 318 242
Net income (loss) 398  362  (61)  19 327 242
68
Table of Contents
 Successor  Predecessor
 December 31,  December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016  2015
Balance Sheet data(a):   
Current assets $ 1,533 $ 1,551 $ 1,838  $ 1,474
Property , plant and equipment, net 13,446 12,498 11,598  10,864
Total assets 21,984 21,247 21,025  16,188
Current liabilities 1,592 1,931 2,284  2,327
Long-term debt 6,134 5,478 5,645  4,823
Preferred Stock — — —  183
Member ’s equity/Shareholders' equity 9,282 8,825 8,016  4,413
__________
(a)As a result of the PHI Merger in 2016, Exelon has elected to present PHI's selected financial data for the periods reflected above.
Pepco
The selected  financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Pepco. This
data is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with Pepco’ s Consolidated Financial Statements and
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016  2015 2014
Statement of Operations data(a):      
Operating revenues $ 2,239 $ 2,158  $ 2,186  $ 2,129 $ 2,055
Operating income 320 399  174  385 349
Net income 210 205  42 187 171
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016  2015
Balance Sheet data(a):   
Current assets $ 760 $ 710 $ 684  $ 726
Property , plant and equipment, net 6,460 6,001 5,571  5,162
Total assets 8,299 7,832 7,335  6,908
Current liabilities 628 550 596  455
Long-term debt 2,704 2,521 2,333  2,340
Shareholder's equity 2,740 2,533 2,300  2,240
__________
(a)As a result of the PHI Merger in 2016, Exelon has elected to present Pepco's selected financial data for the periods reflected above.
69
Table of Contents
DPL
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of DPL. This data
is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with DPL’s Consolida ted Financial Statements and ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016  2015 2014
Statement of Operations data(a):    
Operating revenues $ 1,332 $ 1,300 $ 1,277  $ 1,302 $ 1,282
Operating income 190 229 50 165 207
Net income (loss) 120 121 (9) 76 104
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016  2015
Balance Sheet data(a):   
Current assets $ 336 $ 325 $ 370  $ 388
Property , plant and equipment, net 3,821 3,579 3,273  3,070
Total assets 4,588 4,357 4,153  3,969
Current liabilities 375 547 381  564
Long-term debt 1,403 1,217 1,221  1,061
Shareholder's equity 1,509 1,335 1,326  1,237
__________
(a)As a result of the PHI Merger in 2016, Exelon has elected to present DPL's selected financial data for the periods reflected above.
ACE
The selected financial data presented below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of ACE. This data
is qualified in its entirety by reference to and should be read in conjunction with ACE’ s Consolida ted Financial Statements and ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS .
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016  2015 2014
Statement of Operations data(a):    
Operating revenues $ 1,236 $ 1,186 $ 1,257  $ 1,295 $ 1,210
Operating income 149 157 7 134 137
Net income (loss) 75 77 (42) 40 46
70
Table of Contents
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017 2016  2015
Balance Sheet data(a):     
Current assets $ 240  $ 258 $ 399  $ 546
Property , plant and equipment, net 2,966  2,706 2,521  2,322
Total assets 3,699  3,445 3,457  $ 3,387
Current liabilities 422  619 320  $ 297
Long-term debt 1,170  840 1,120  1,153
Shareholder's equity 1,126  1,043 1,034  1,000
__________
(a)As a result of the PHI Merger in 2016, Exelon has elected to present ACE's selected financial data for the periods reflected above.
71
Table of Contents
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Exelon
Executive Overview
Exelon is a utility service s holding company engaged in the generation, delivery , and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE.
Exelon has twelve reportable segments consist ing of Generation’ s six reportable segments (Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England,
New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions), ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE. During the first quarter of 2019, due to
a change in economics in our New England region, Generation is changing the way that information is reviewed by the CODM. The
New England region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the CODM nor will it be presented separately in
any external  information presented to third parties. Information for the New England region will be reviewed by the CODM as part of
Other Power Regions. As a result, beginning in the first quarter of 2019, Generation will disclose five reportable segments consisting
of Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 24 -
Segment Information  of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding Exelon's
principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, huma n resources, financial, information technology and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. Additionally , the results of
Exelon’ s corporate operations include interest costs and income from various investment and financing activities.
Exelon’ s consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, Generation,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, which, along with Exelon, are collectively referred to as the Registrants. The
following combined Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is separately filed by
Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. However , none of the Registrants makes any representation
as to information related solely to any of the other Registrants.
72
Table of Contents
Financial Results of Operations
GAAP  Results of Operations. The following table sets forth Exelon's GAAP  consolidated Net Income attributable to common
shareholders by Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  and December 31, 2017
compared to the same period in 2016 . For additional informat ion regarding the financial results for the years ended December 31,
2018 , 2017  and 2016  see the discussions of Results of Operations by Registrant.
 2018  2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Exelon $ 2,010  $ 3,786 $ (1,776 )$ 1,121  $ 2,665
Generation 370  2,710 (2,340 ) 483  2,227
ComEd 664  567 97 378  189
PECO 460  434 26 438  (4)
BGE 313  307 6 286  21
Pepco 210  205 5 42 163
DPL 120  121 (1) (9) 130
ACE 75 77 (2) (42) 119
Other(b)(195) (594) 399 (422) (172)
 Successor  Predecessor
 For the Years Ended December 31, Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance March 24 to
December 31,  January 1 to
March 23,
 2018 2017  2016  2016
PHI(a)$ 398 $ 362 $ 36 $ (61) $ 19
__________
(a)Includes the consolidated results of Pepco, DPL and ACE.
(b)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income attributable to common
shareholders  decreased by $1,776 million  and diluted earnings per average common share decreased to $2.07  in 2018  from $3.99
in 2017  primarily due to:
•Impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes in 2017 as a result of the TCJA;
•Net unrealized losses on NDT  funds in 2018 compared to net gains in 2017;
•Lower realized energy prices;
•Accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the Oyster Creek and TMI nuclear
facilities;
•The gain associated with the FitzPatrick acquisition in 2017;
•Decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions in 2017 related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments
associated with the 2012 Constellation and 2016 PHI acquisitions;
•Increased mark-to-market losses;
•The gain recorded upon deconsolidation of EGTP's net liabilities in 2017;
•The absence of EGTP  earnings resulting from its deconsolidation in the fourth quarter of 2017;
73
Table of Contents
•Long-lived asset impairments of certain merchant wind assets in W est Texas; and
•Increased storm costs at PECO and BGE.
The decreases were partially of fset by;
•The impact of the New York and Illinois ZEC revenue (including the impact of zero emission credits generated in Illinois
from June 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017);
•Long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the EGTP  assets held for sale in 2017;
•Increased capacity prices;
•The impact of lower federal income tax rate as a result of the TCJA  at Generation;
•Net realized gains on NDT  funds;
•The gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement;
•Decreased nuclear outage days;
•Increased electric distribution and energy ef ficiency formula rate earnings at ComEd;
•Regulatory rate increases at PECO, BGE and PHI;
•The impact of favorable weather at PECO, DPL  and ACE; and
•The absences of a 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets at ComEd, BGE and
PHI.
The decreas e in diluted earnings per share was also due to the increase in Exelon’ s average diluted shares outstanding as a result
of the June 2017 common stock issuance.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income attributable to common
shareholders  increased by $2,665 millio n and diluted earnings per average common share  increased to $3.99  in 2017  from $1.21  in
2016  primarily due to:
•Impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the TCJA;
•The gain associated with the FitzPatrick acquisition;
•Accelerated depreciation  and amortization due to the decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility in 2017 compared
to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear facilities;
•Higher net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•The impact of the New York ZEC revenue;
•The gain recorded upon deconsolidation of EGTP's net liabilities;
•Increased capacity prices;
•Decreased nuclear outage days;
•Decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions in 2017 related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments
associated with the 2012 Constellation and 2016  PHI acquisitions compared to costs incurred as part of the settlement
orders approving the PHI acquisition and a charge related to a 2012 CEG merger commitment in 2016;
•Increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings at ComEd;
74
Table of Contents
•Regulatory rate increases at BGE and PHI; and
•Penalties and associated  interest expense as a result of a tax court decision on Exelon's like-kind exchange position in
2016.
The increases were partially of fset by;
•Long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the EGTP  assets held for sale;
•Lower realized energy prices;
•The conclusion of the Ginna Reliability Support Services Agreement;
•Increased costs related to the acquisition of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility;
•Increased mark-to-market losses;
•The impact of unfavorable weather at ComEd, PECO, DPL  and ACE; and
•The impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets at ComEd, BGE and PHI.
The net increase in diluted earnings per share  from the items listed above was partially offset by the impact of the increase in
Exelon’ s average diluted shares outstanding as a result of the June 2017 common stock issuance.
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. In addition to net incom e, Exelon evaluates its operating performance using the
measure of Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the
ongoing operations of the business. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and
other specified items. This information is intended to enhance an investor ’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating results
and provide an indication  of Exelon’ s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not
directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. In addition, this information is among the primary indicators management
uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and
forecasting of future periods. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not be
comparable to other companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this report.
The following table provides a reconciliation between Net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance
with GAAP  and Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2018  as compared to 2017  and 2016 : 
75
Table of Contents
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
(All amounts after tax; in millions, except per share amounts)  Earnings per
Diluted Share   Earnings per
Diluted Share Earnings per
Diluted Share
Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders$ 2,010  $ 2.07  $ 3,786  $ 3.99  $ 1,121 $ 1.21
Mark-to-Market Impact of Economic Hedging
Activities(a) (net of taxes of $89, $68 and $18,
respectively) 252  0.26  107  0.11  24 0.03
Unrealized Losses (Gains) Related to NDT  Funds(b)
(net of taxes of $289, $286 and $112, respectively) 337  0.35  (318) (0.34 ) (118) (0.13 )
Amortization of Commodity Contract
Intangibles(c) (net of taxes of $0, $22 and $22,
respectively) — — 34 0.04  35 0.04
Merger and Integration Costs(d) (net of taxes of $2,
$25 and $50, respectively) 3 — 40 0.04  114 0.12
Merger Commitments(e) (net of taxes of $0, $137
and $126, respectively) — — (137) (0.14 ) 437 0.47
Long-Lived Asset Impairments(f) (net of taxes of
$13, $204 and $68, respectively) 35 0.04  321  0.34  103 0.11
Plant Retirements and Divestitures(g) (net of taxes
of $181, $134 and $273, respectively) 512  0.53  207  0.22  432 0.47
Cost Management Program(h) (net of taxes of $16,
$21 and $21, respectively) 48 0.05  34 0.04  34 0.04
Annual Asset Retirement Obligation Update(i) (net of
taxes of $7, $1 and $13, respectively) 20 0.02  (2) — (75) (0.08 )
Vacation Policy Change(j) (net of taxes of $0, $21
and $0, respectively) — — (33) (0.03 ) — —
Change in Environmental Liabilities (net of taxes of
$0, $17 and $0, respectively) (1) — 27 0.03  — —
Bargain Purchase Gain(k) (net of taxes of $0, $0 and
$0, respectively) — — (233) (0.25 ) — —
Gain on Deconsolidation of Business(l) (net of taxes
of $0, $83 and $0, respectively) — — (130) (0.14 ) — —
Gain on Contract Settlement(m) (net of taxes of $20,
$0 and $0, respectively) (55) (0.06 ) — — — —
Like-Kind Exchange Tax Position(n) (net of taxes of
$0, $66 and $61, respectively) — — (26) (0.03 ) 199 0.21
Curtailment of Generation Growth and Development
Activities(o) (net of taxes of $0, $0 and $35,
respectively) — — — — 57 0.06
Reassessment of Deferred Income Taxes(p) (entire
amount represents tax expense) (22) (0.02 ) (1,299 ) (1.37 ) 10 0.01
Tax Settlements(q) (net of taxes of $0, $1 and $0,
respectively) — — (5) (0.01 ) — —
Noncontrolling Interests(r) (net of taxes of $24, $24
and $9, respectively) (113) (0.12 ) 114  0.12  102 0.11
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings $ 3,026  $ 3.12  $ 2,487  $ 2.62  $ 2,475 $ 2.67
76
Table of Contents
__________
Note:
Unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between GAAP Net Income and Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings is
based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each Registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is
taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. For all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds, the marginal
statutory income tax rates for 2018, 2017 and 2016 ranged from 26.0 percent to 29.0 percent, 39.0 percent to 41.0 percent and 39.0 percent to 41.0
percent, respectively. Under IRS regulations, NDT fund returns are taxed at different rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified
funds. The effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds were 46.2 percent, 47.4 percent and 48.7 percent for the years
ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(a)Reflects the impact of net losses on economic hedging activities. See Note 12 - Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to hedging activities.
(b)Reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on Generation’s NDT funds for Non-Regulatory and Regulatory Agreement Units. The
impacts of the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the associated income taxes, are contractually eliminated, resulting in no earnings impact.
(c)Represents the non-cash amortization of intangible assets, net, primarily related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value related to, in
2016, the Integrys and ConEdison Solutions acquisitions, and in 2017, the ConEdison Solutions and FitzPatrick acquisitions.
(d)Reflects certain costs associated with mergers and acquisitions, including, if and when applicable, professional fees, employee-related
expenses and integration activities. In 2016 and 2017, reflects costs related to the PHI and FitzPatrick acquisitions, partially offset in 2016 at
ComEd, and in 2017, at PHI, by the anticipated recovery of previously incurred PHI acquisition costs. In 2018, reflects costs related to the PHI
acquisition. See Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
(e)Represents costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the PHI acquisition, and in 2016, a charge related to a 2012 CEG merger
commitment, and in 2017, primarily a decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments
associated with the 2012 CEG and 2016 PHI acquisitions.
(f)In 2016, primarily reflects the impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects at Generation. In 2017, primarily reflects the impairment
of the EGTP assets held for sale and PHI District of Columbia sponsorship intangible asset. In 2018, primarily reflects the impairment of certain
wind projects at Generation.
(g)In 2016, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses through December 2016 and construction work in progress
impairments associated with Generation’s previous decision to early retire the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear facilities, partially offset by a gain
associated with Generation’s sale of the New Boston generating site. In 2017, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization
expenses and one-time charges associated with Generation's previous decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility. In 2018, primarily reflects
accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges associated with Generation's decision to early retire the Oyster
Creek nuclear facility, a charge associated with a remeasurement of the Oyster Creek ARO and accelerated depreciation and amortization
expenses associated with the previous decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility, partially offset by a gain associated with Generation's sale
of its electrical contracting business.
(h)Primarily represents severance and reorganization costs related to a cost management program.
(i)For Pepco, reflects an increase related to asbestos identified at its Buzzard Point property.
(j)Represents the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in Exelon's vacation vesting policy.
(k)Represents the excess of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired over the purchase price for the FitzPatrick acquisition.
(l)Represents the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of EGTP's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as
a result of the November 2017 bankruptcy filing.
(m)Represents the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement at Generation.
(n)Represents in 2016 the recognition of a penalty and associated interest expense as a result of a tax court decision on Exelon’s like-kind
exchange tax position, and in 2017, adjustments to income tax, penalties and interest expenses as a result of the finalization of the IRS tax
computation related to Exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position.
(o)Reflects the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to Generation’s strategic decision in the
fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
(p)Reflects in 2016 the non-cash impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of changes in forecasted apportionment
related to the PHI acquisition. In 2017, one-time non-cash impacts associated with remeasurements of deferred income taxes as a result of the
TCJA (including impacts on pension obligations contained within Other), changes in the Illinois and District of Columbia statutory tax rates and
changes in forecasted apportionment. In 2018, reflects an adjustment to the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the TCJA
and changes in forecasted apportionment.
(q)Reflects benefits related to the favorable settlement of certain income tax positions related to PHI's unregulated business interests.
(r)Represents elimination from Generation’s results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items, primarily related to the impact
of unrealized gains and losses on NDT funds at CENG.
77
Table of Contents
Significant 2018 Transactions and Recent Developments
Regulatory Implications of the T ax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA)
The Utility Registrants have made filings with their respective State regulators to begin passi ng back to customers the ongoing
annual tax savings resul ting from the TCJA. The amounts being proposed to be passed back to customers reflect the annual benefit
of lower income tax rates and the settlement of a portion of deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon enactment of
the TCJA. The Utility Registrants have identified over $675 million in ongoing annual savings to be returned to customers related to
TCJA  from their distribu tion utility operations. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements for additional information.
Utility Rates and Base Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric
transmission and distribution, and gas distribut ion rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The
outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impa ct the Utility Registrants’  current and future results of operations, cash flows and
financial position.
78
Table of Contents
The following tables show the Utility Registrants’  completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2018. See Note
4 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additio nal information on other regulatory
proceedings.
Completed Utility Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested
Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)Approved
Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)  Approved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - Illinois (Electric)April 16,
2018 $ (23)(a) $ (24)(a) 8.69%December 4, 2018January 1,
2019
PECO - Pennsylvania
(Electric)March 29,
2018 $ 82(a) $ 25(a) N/A December 20, 2018January 1,
2019
BGE - Maryland (Natural
Gas)June 8, 2018
(amended
August 24,
2018 and
October 12,
2018) $ 61 $ 43 9.8% January 4, 2019January 4,
2019
Pepco - Maryland (Electric)January 2,
2018
(amended
February 5,
2018) $ 3(a) $ (15)(a) 9.5% May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018
Pepco - District of Columbia
(Electric)December
19, 2017
(amended
February 9,
2018) $ 66 $ (24)(a) 9.525 % August 9, 2018August 13,
2018
DPL - Maryland (Electric)July 14, 2017
(amended
November
16, 2017) $ 19 $ 13 9.5%February 9, 2018February 9,
2018
DPL - Delaware (Electric)August 17,
2017
(amended
February 9,
2018) $ 12(a) $ (7)(a) 9.7% August 21, 2018March 17,
2018
DPL - Delaware (Natural
Gas)August 17,
2017
(amended
February 9,
2018) $ 4(a) $ (4)(a) 9.7%November 8, 2018March 17,
2018
__________
(a)Includes the annual ongoing TCJA tax savings further discussed above.
79
Table of Contents
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase  Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
ACE - New Jersey
(Electric)August 21, 2018
(amended November
19, 2018) $ 122(a) 10.1% Third quarter of 2019
Pepco - Maryland
(Electric) January 15, 2019 $ 30 10.3% Third quarter of 2019
__________
(a)Includes the annual ongoing TCJA tax savings further discussed above.
Transmission Formula Rate
The following total (decreases)/increases were included in ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's 2018 annual electric
transmission formula rate updates.
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
Increase(b)Annual
Reconciliation
Increase/(Decrease)Total Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
Increase)  Allowed Return on
Rate Base(d) Allowed ROE(e)
ComEd(a)$ (44)$ 18 $ (26) 8.32% 11.50 %
BGE(a)10 4 26(c) 7.61% 10.50 %
Pepco 6 2 8 7.82% 10.50 %
DPL 14 13 27 7.29% 10.50 %
ACE(a)4 (4) — 8.02% 10.50 %
__________
(a)The time period for any challenges to the annual transmission formula rate update flings expired with no challenges submitted.
(b)The initial revenue requirement changes reflect the annual benefit of lower income tax rates effective January 1, 2018 resulting from the
enactment of the TCJA of $69 million, $18 million, $13 million, $12 million and $11 million for ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively.
They do not reflect the pass back or recovery of income tax-related regulatory liabilities or assets, including those established upon enactment
of the TCJA. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(c)BGE's transmission revenue requirement includes a FERC approved dedicated facilities charge of $12 million to recover the costs of providing
transmission service to specifically designated load by BGE.
(d)Represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(e)As part of the FERC-approved settlement of ComEd’s 2007 transmission rate case, the rate of return on common equity is 11.50%, inclusive of
a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO, and the common equity component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted
average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at 55%. As part of the FERC-approved settlement of the
ROE complaint against BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE, the rate of return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder
for being a member of a RTO.
PECO T ransmission Formula Rate
On May 1, 2017, PECO filed a request with FERC seeking approval to update its transmission rates and change the manner in
which PECO ’s transmis sion rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate. The formu la rate will be updated annually to
ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing transmission services . The formula rate filing includes a
requested increase of $22 million to PECO’ s annual transmission revenues and a requested rate of return on common equity of
11%, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a regional transmission organization.  PECO requested that the new
transmission rate be effective as of July 2017. On June 27, 2017, FERC issued an Order acce pting the filing and suspending the
proposed rates until December 1, 2017, subject to refund, and set the matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures. On May
4, 2018, the Chief Administrative Law Judge terminated settlement judge procedures and designated a new presiding judge. PECO
cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding, or the transmission formula FERC may approve.
On May 11, 2018, pursuant to the transmission formula rate request discussed above, PECO made its first annual formula rate
update, which included a revenue decrease of $6 million. The revenue decrease of $6 million included
80
Table of Contents
an approximately $20 million reduction as a result of the tax savings associated with the TCJA. The updated transmis sion rate was
effective June 1, 2018, subject to refund.
Illinois ZEC Procurement
Pursuant to FEJA, on January 25, 2018, the ICC announced that Generation’ s Clinton Unit 1, Quad Cities Unit 1 and Quad Cities
Unit 2 nucle ar plants were selected as the winning bidders through the IPA's ZEC procureme nt event. Generation executed the
required ZEC procurement contracts with Illinois utilities, including ComEd, effective January 26, 2018 and began recognizing
revenue, with compensation for the sale of ZECs retroactive to the June 1, 2017 effective date of FEJA. During the year ended
December 31, 2018, Generation recognized revenue of $373 million, of which $150 million relate d to ZECs generated from June 1,
2017 through December 31, 2017.
Early Plant Retirements
On February  2, 2018, Exelon announced that Generation will permanently cease generation operations at Oyster Creek at the end
of its curren t operating cycle and permanently ceased generation operations in September 2018. Because of the decision to early
retire Oyster  Creek in 2018, Exelon and Gener ation recognized certain one-time charges in the first quarter of 2018 related to a
materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustment, employee-related costs and construction work-in-progress impairments, among
other items.
On July 31, 2018, Generation entered into an agreement with Holtec International and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary , Oyster
Creek Enviro nmental Protection, LLC, for the sale and decommissioning of Oyster Creek. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and
Dispositions  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
On May 30, 2017, Generation announced it will permanently cease generation operations at Three Mile Island Generating Station
(TMI) on or about September 30, 2019. The plant is currently committed to operate through May 2019. As a result of the early
nuclear plant retirement decisions at Oyster Creek and TMI, Exelon and Generation will also recognize annual incremental non-cash
charges to earnings stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives primarily related to accelerated depreciation of
plant assets (including any ARC), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and additional ARO accretion expense associated with
the changes in decommissioning timing and cost assumptions were also recorded. The following table summarizes the actual
incremental non-cash expense item incurred in 2018 and the estimated amount of incremental non-cash expense items expected to
be incurred in 2019 due to the early retirement decisions.
 Actual Projected(a)
Income statement expense (pre-tax) 2018 2019
Depreciation and Amortization(b)   
         Accelerated depreciation(c)$ 539 $ 230
         Accelerated nuclear fuel amortization 57 5
Operating and maintenance(d)32 5
Total $ 628 $ 240
_________
(a)Actual results may differ based on incremental future capital additions, actual units of production for nuclear fuel amortization, future revised
ARO assumptions, etc.
(b)Reflects incremental accelerated depreciation and amortization for TMI and Oyster Creek for the year ended December 31, 2018. The Oyster
Creek year-to-date amounts are from February 2, 2018 through September 17, 2018.
(c)Reflects incremental accelerated depreciation of plant assets, including any ARC.
(d)Primarily includes materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs and CWIP impairments.
In 2017, PSEG made public similar financial challenges facing its New Jersey nuclear plants including Salem, of which Generation
owns a 42.59%  ownership interest. PSEG is the operator of Salem and also has the decision making authority to retire Salem.
On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislatio n that established a ZEC program, similar to that in Illinois and New York, that will
provide compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certain requirements, including that they
make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient  to cover their costs and risks. The
NJBPU must complete its processes for determining eligibility for ,
81
Table of Contents
and participation in, the ZEC program by April 18, 2019. On December 19, 2018, PSEG submitted its application for Salem.
Assuming the successful implementation of the New Jersey ZEC program and the selection of Salem as one of the qualifying
facilities, the New Jersey ZEC program has the potential to mitigate the heightened risk of earlie r retirement for Salem. See Note 4
— Regulatory Matters  and Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
Generation’ s Dresden, Byron, and Braidwood nuclear plants in Illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, which
could lead to an early retirement, in a market that does not currently compensate them for their unique contribution to grid resiliency
and their ability to produce large amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. The May 2018 PJM capacity auction for the
2021-2022 planning year resulted in the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in the auction, including all of Dresden,
and portions  of Byron and Braidwood. Exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state policy  solutions, while also advocating for
broader market reforms at the regional and federal level.
On March 29, 2018, based on ISO-NE capacity auction results for the 2021 - 2022 planning year in which Mystic Unit 9 did not clear ,
Generation notified grid operator ISO-NE of its plans to early retire its Mystic Generating Station assets absent regulatory reforms on
June 1, 2022, at the end of the current capacity commitment for Mystic Units 7 and 8. As a result  of these developments, Generation
completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the New England asset group during the first
quarter of 2018 and no impairment charge was required.
The ISO-NE announced that it would take a three-step approach to fuel security .
•First, on May 1, 2018, ISO-NE made a filing with FERC requesting waiver of certain tariff provisions to allow it to retain
Mystic Units  8 and 9 for fuel security for the 2022 - 2024 planning years. FERC denied the waiver request on procedural
grounds on July 2, 2018 and ordered ISO-NE to (i) make a filing within 60 days providing for the filing of a short-term cost-
of-service agreement to address fuel security concerns and (ii) make a filing by July 1, 2019 proposing permanent tariff
revisions that would improve its market design to better address regional fuel security concerns. 
•Second, in accordance with FERC's July 2, 2018 order , on August 31, 2018, ISO-NE made a filing with FERC proposing
short-term tariff changes to permit it to retain a resource for fuel security reliability reasons, which FERC accepted on
December 3, 2018.
•Third, ISO-N E stated its intention to work with stakeholders to develop long-term market rule changes to address system
resiliency considering significant reliability risks identified in ISO-NE’ s January 2018 fuel security report. Changes to market
rules are necessary beca use critical units to the region, such as Mystic Units 8 and 9, cannot recover future operating costs
including the cost of procuring fuel. In its July 2, 2018 order , FERC ordered ISO-NE to make a filing by July 1, 2019
proposing permanent tariff revisions that would improve its market design to better address regional fuel security concerns.
In January 2019, ISO-NE indicated that it intends to seek an extension of the deadline for this filing to November 15, 2019.
On May 16, 2018, Generation made a filing with FERC to establish cost-of-service compensation and terms and conditions of
service for Mystic Units 8 and 9 for the period between June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2024. On December 20, 2018, FERC issued an order
accepting the cost of service agreement reflecting a number of adjustments to the annual fixed revenue requirement and allowing for
recovery of a substantial portion of the costs associated with the Everett Marine Terminal. On January 4, 2019, Generation notified
ISO–NE that it will participate in the Forward Capacity Market auction for the 2022 – 2023 capa city commitment period. In addition,
on January 22, 2019, Exelon and several other  parties filed requests for rehearing of certain findings of the December 20, 2018
order . The request for rehearing does not alter Generation's commitment to participate in the Forw ard Capacity Auction for the 2022–
2023 capaci ty commitment period. Further developments such as the failure of ISO-NE to adopt long-term solutions for reliability and
fuel security could potentially result in future impairments of the New England asset group, which could be material. See
Note 7 — Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangib les and Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements  of the Com bined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Pension Plan Merger
Effective January 1, 2019, Exelon is merging  the Exelon Corporation Cash Balance Pension Plan (CBPP) into the Exelon
Corporation Retirement Program (ECRP). The merging of the plans is not changing the benefits offered to the plan participants and,
thus, has no impact on Exelon's pension obligation. However , beginning in 2019, actuarial
82
Table of Contents
losses and gains related to the CBPP  and ECRP  will be amortized over participants’  average remaining service period of the merged
ECRP  rather than each individual plan, which will lower Exelon’ s 2019 pre-tax pension cost by approximately $ 90 million. 
Winter Storm-Related Costs
During Marc h 2018 there were powerful nor'east er storms that brought a mix of heavy snow , ice and high sustained winds and gusts
to the region that interru pted electric service delivery to customers in PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's service territories.
Restoration efforts included significant costs associated with employee overtime, support from other utilities and incremental
equipment, contracted tree trimming crews and supplies, which resulted in incremental operating and maintenance expense and
incremental capital expenditures in the first quarter of 2018 for PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE. In addition, PHI, Pepco,
DPL and ACE recorded regulatory assets for amounts that are probable of recovery through customer rates. The impacts recorded
by the Registrants for the twelve months ended December 31, 2018  are presented below:
  (in millions)
 Customer OutagesIncremental Operating &
MaintenanceIncremental Capital
Expenditures
Exelon 1,727,000 $ 88(b) $ 85
PECO 750,000 53 34
BGE 425,000 31 16
PHI(a)552,000 4(b) 35
Pepco 182,000 2(b) 4
DPL 138,000 2(b) 4
ACE 232,000 —(b) 27
________
(a)PHI reflects the consolidated customer outages, incremental operating & maintenance and incremental capital expenditures of Pepco, DPL and
ACE.
(b)Excludes amounts that were deferred and recognized as regulatory assets at Exelon, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE of $27 million, $27 million, $5
million, $1 million and $21 million, respectively.
Westinghouse Electric Company LLC Bankruptcy
On March 29, 2017, Westinghouse Electric Company LLC (Westinghouse) and its affiliated debtors filed petitions for relief under
Chapter 11 of the Bank ruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. On January 4, 2018,
Westinghouse announced its agreement to be purchased by an affiliate of Brookfield Business Partners, LLC (Brookfield) for
approximately $4.6 billion. On March 28, 2018, the Bankruptcy Court entered an Order confirm ing the Debtor's Second Amended
Joint Plan of Reorganization which provides for the transaction with Brookfield. The transaction  closed on August 1, 2018. Exelon
had contracts with Westinghouse primarily related to Generation's purchase of nuclear fuel, as well as a variety of services and
equipment purchases associated with the operation and maintenance of nuclear generating  stations. In conjunction with the
confirmation hearing, Exelon had filed a reser vation of rights regarding reorganizing Westin ghouse's assumption of all Exelon
contracts. Exelon reached an agreement with Brookfield, and all Exelon contracts were assumed by Brookfield on the closing date.
Exelon’s Strategy and Outlook for 2019 and Beyond
Exelon’ s value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and its core strengths of operational excellence and
financial discipline. Exelon leverages its integrat ed business model to create value. Exelon’ s regulated and competitive businesses
feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, of fer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•The Utility Registrants provide a foundation for steadily growing earnings, which translates to a stable currency in our
stock.
83
Table of Contents
•Generation’ s competitiv e businesses provide free cash flow to invest primarily in the utilities and in long-term,
contracted assets and to reduce debt.
Exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry expe riencing fundamental and sweeping
change.
Exelon’ s utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking
mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. The Utility Registrants only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to
customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. The Utility
Registrants make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. Exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise
across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved
operational and financial results. Additionally , the Utility Registrants anticipate making significa nt future investments in smart grid
technology , transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projec ts, providing greater reliability and
improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company .
Generation’ s competitive  businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean and
affordable energy. Gene ration’ s electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and generation
to load matching to reduce earnings volatility . Generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both
wholesale and retail customers. Generation’ s customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-
related products and services for its customers. Generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated
hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility . Its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at
high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity . These factors help Generation mitigate the current
challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
Exelon’ s financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of the Registrants, to maintain optimal capital
structure and to return value to Exelon’ s shareholders with an attractive dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and
through stable earnings growth. Exelon’ s Board  of Directors approved a dividend policy providi ng a raise of 5% each year for the
period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
Various market, financial, regulatory , legislative and operational factors could affect the Registrants' success in pursuing their
strategies. Exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy , and legal solutions to these issues. One key
issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which Exelon is actively pursuing
in a variety of jurisdictions and venues. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  for additional informatio n regarding market and financial
factors.
Continually optimizing the cost structure is a key component of Exelon’ s financial strategy .  In August 2015, Exelon announced a
cost management program focused on cost savings of approximately $400 million at BSC and Generation, which was fully realized
in 2018.  Approximately 75% of the savin gs were related to Generation, with the remaining amount related to the Utility Registrants.
In November 2017, Exelon announced a comm itment for an additional $250 million  of cost savings, primarily at Generation, to be
achieved by 2020. In November 2018, Exelon announced the elimination of an approximatel y additional $200 million  of annual
ongoing costs, through initiatives primarily at Generation and BSC, by 2021. Approximately $150 million  is expected to be related to
Generation, with the remaining amount related to the Utility Registrants. These actions are in response to the continuing economic
challenges confronting all parts of Exelon’ s business and industry , necessitating continued focus on cost management through
enhanced ef ficiency and productivity .
Growth Opportunities
Management continually  evaluates growth oppo rtunities aligned with Exelon’ s businesses, assets and markets, leveraging Exelon’ s
expertise in those areas and of fering sustainable returns.
Regulated Energy Businesses.  The PHI merger enhances Exelon’ s regulated  growth to provide stable cash flows, earnings
accretion, and dividend support.  Additionally , the Utility Registrants anticipate investing approxi mately $29 billion over the next five
years in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements and modernization projects, including smart grid technology , storm
hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate
base of approximately $16 billion  by the end of 2023. The Utility Registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and
the community by
84
Table of Contents
increasing reliability and the service experience  or otherwise meeting customer needs. These investments are made at the lowest
reasonable cost to customers.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
Smart Meter and Smart Grid Investments and infrastructure development and enhancement programs.
Competitive Energy Businesses.  Generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets
as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. Generation’ s long-term growth strategy is to
ensure appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that
provide generation to load matching as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic
investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
Liquidity Considerations
Each of the Registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its
investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and
OPEB obliga tions and invest in new and existing ventures. A broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing
options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales,
and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). The Registrants expect cash flows to be
sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have unsecured syndicated revolving credit facilities with
aggregate bank commitments of $0.6 billion , $5.3 billion , $1.0 billion , $0.6 billion , $0.6 billion , $0.3 billion , $0.3 billion  and $0.3 billion ,
respectively . Generation also has bilateral credit facilities with aggregate maximum availability of $0.5 billion . See Liquidity and
Capital Reso urces — Credit Matters — Exelon Credit Facilities below and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Comb ined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
For addition al information regarding the Registrants' liquidity for the year ended December 31, 2018 , see Liquidity and Capital
Resources discussion below .
Project Financing
Project finan cing is used to help mitigate risk of specific generating assets. Project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial
structure, in which proje ct debt is paid back from the cash generated by the specific asset or portfolio of assets. Borrowings under
these agreem ents are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon
or Generation in the event of a default. If a specific project financing entity does not maintai n compliance with its specific debt
financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related
borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. In these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the
lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. The
potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments
due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful lives.
Additionally , project finance has credit facilities of $0.2 billion as of December 31, 2018. See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt.
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies
Utility Rates and Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission
and distribut ion, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The outcomes of these
regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future results
85
Table of Contents
of operation s, cash flows and financial positions. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on these regulatory proceedings.
Power Markets
Price of Fuels
The use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places
downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in
Exelon’ s revenues. Forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in
supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
FERC Inquiry on Resiliency
On August 23, 2017, the DOE staff released its report on the reliability of the electric grid. One aspect of the wide-ranging report is
the DOE’s recognition that the electricity marke ts do not currently value the resiliency provided  by base-load generation, such as
nuclear plants. On Septe mber 28, 2017, the DOE issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOP R) that would entitle certain eligible
resilient generating units (i.e., those located in organized markets, with a 90-day supply of fuel on site, not already subject to state
cost of service regulatio n and satisfying certain other requirements) to recover fully allocated costs and earn a fair return on equity
on their investment. On January 8, 2018, FERC issued an order terminating the rulemaking docket that it initiated to address the
proposed rule in the DOE NOPR, concluding the proposed rule did not sufficiently demonstrate there is a resiliency issue and that it
proposed a remedy that did not appear to be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory as required under the Federal Power Act. At the
same time, FERC initiated a new proceeding to consider resiliency challenges to the bulk power system and evaluate whether
additional FERC action to address resiliency would be appropriate. FERC directed each RTO and ISO to respond within 60 days to
24 specific questions about how they assess and mitigate threats to resiliency . Thereafter , interested parties submitted reply
comments on May 9, 2018, and a few parties submitted further replies. Exelon has been and will continue to be an active participant
in these proceedings but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Complaints and PJM Filing at FERC Seeking to Mitigate ZEC Programs
PJM and NYISO capacit y markets include a Minimum Offer Price Rule (MOPR) that is intended  to preclude buyers from exercising
buyer market power . If a resource is subjected to a MOPR, its offer is adjusted to effectively remo ve the revenues it receives through
a gove rnment-provided financial support program - resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. Currently , the
MOPRs in PJM and NYISO apply only to certain new gas-fired resources.
On January 9, 2017, EPSA filed two requests with FERC: one seeking to amend a prior complaint against PJM and another seeking
expedited action on a pending NYISO compliance filing in an existing proceeding. A similar complaint also against PJM was filed at
FERC on May 31, 2018 . These complaints generally allege that the relevant MOPR should be expanded to also apply to existing
resources including those receiving ZEC compen sation under the New York CES and Illinois ZES programs. Exelon filed protests at
FERC in response to each filing, arguing genera lly that ZEC payments provide compensation for an environmental attribute that is
distinct from the energy and capacity sold in the FERC-jurisdictional markets, and therefore, are no different than other renewable
support programs like the PTC and RPS programs that have generally not been subject to a MOPR. However , if successful, for
Generation’ s facilities in PJM and NYISO that are currently receiving ZEC compensation (Quad Cities, Ginna, Fitzpatrick and Nine
Mile Point), an expanded  MOPR could require exclusion of ZEC compensation when bidding into future capacity auctions such that
these faciliti es would have an increased risk of not clearing in future capacity auctions and thus no longer receiving capacity
revenues during the respective ZEC programs. Any mitigation of these generating resources could have a material effect on Exelon’ s
and Generation’ s future cash flows and results  of operations. The same risk would also exist for the Salem facility if Salem is
selected as an eligible facility under the New Jersey ZEC program.
Separately , PJM submitted two proposed alternative capacity market reforms in April 2018 for FERC’ s consideration. PJM argued
that either alternative will resolve any conflict between state policy support for certain resources and the need to ensure reasonable
prices for non-supported resources. The first alternative was to implement a twice-run capacity clearing mechanism (known as the
repricing proposal) and, if not acceptable to FERC, a second
86
Table of Contents
alternative that would expand the existing MOPR to both new and existing generating resour ces, subject to certain exemptions
(known as MOPREx).
In June 2018, FERC issued an order rejecting both of PJM’ s proposed alternatives, finding both to be unjust and unreasonable. In
the same order , FERC also addressed one of the MOPR complaints involving PJM and concluded based on that complaint and
PJM’ s filing that PJM’ s existing tariff allows resources receiving out-of-market support to affect capacity prices in a manner that will
cause unjust and unreasonable and unduly discriminatory rates in PJM regardless of the intent motivating the support. FERC
suggested that modifying two elements of PJM’ s existing tariff could produce a just and reasonab le replacement and asked for initial
comments on its proposal by August 28, 2018, later extended to October 2, 2018. First, FERC found that an expansion of the current
MOPR mech anism to cover all existing generating resources, regardless of resource type, including those receiving either ZEC or
REC compensation, could protect the capacity markets from unwanted price suppression. Second, FERC preliminarily found that a
modified version of PJM’ s existing Fixed Resource Requirement (FRR) option could enable state subsidized resources and a
corresponding amount of load to be removed from the capacity market, thereby alleviating their price suppressive effects on capacity
clearing prices. Under this alternative, state supp orted generating resources would potentially be compensated through mechanisms
other than through PJM’ s existing market mechanism. FERC established March 21, 2016 as the refund effective date and also
allowed PJM to delay its next capacity auction from May 2019 to August 2019 to allow parties time to develop and file proposals in
the FERC proceeding, FERC time to determine the appropriate solution and PJM time to implement FERC's solution. On October 2,
2018, Exelon, along with several ratepayer advocates, environmental organizations and other nuclear generators, submitted shared
principles supporting a workable new FRR mechanism (as suggested by FERC) and detailing how such a mechanism should be
implemented. Exelon also submitted individual comments covering matters not addressed in the shared principles. FERC has not
yet issued a decision on the second MOPR complaint involving PJM or the MOPR complaint involving NYISO. It is too early to
predict the final outcome of each of these proceedings or their potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Section 232 Uranium Petition
On January 16, 2018, two Canadian-owned uranium mining companies with operations in the U.S. jointly submitted a petition to the
U.S. Department of Com merce (DOC) seeking relief under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (as amended) from
imports of uranium products, alleging that these imports threaten national security (the Petition) . The Trade Expansion Act of 1962
(the Act) was promulgated by Congress to prote ct essential national security industries whose survival is threatened by imports. As
such, the Act authorizes  the Secretary of Commerce (the Secretary) to conduct investigations to evaluate the effects of imports of
any item on the national  security of the U.S. The Petition alleges that the loss of a viable U.S. uranium mining industry would have a
significant detrimental impact on the national, energy , and economic security of the U.S. and the ability of the country to sustain an
independent nuclear fuel cycle.
On July 18, 2018, the Secretary announced that the DOC has initiated an investigation in response to the petition. The Secretary
has 270 days to prepare and submit a report to President Trump, who then has 90 days to act on the Secretary's recommendations.
Exelon and Generation cannot currently predict the outcome of this investigation. The relief sought by the petitioners would require
U.S. nuclear reactors to purchase at least 25% of their uranium needs from domestic mines over the next 10 years, although the
DOC will make an independent determination regarding an appropriate remedy should it find that imports impair national security . It
is reasonably possible that if this petition is successful the resulting increase in nuclear fuel costs in future periods could have a
material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements.
Potential DOE Order Pursuant to Defense Production Act and Federal Power Act
The DOE is considering an Order directing ISOs, for 24 months, to purchase electric energy or generation capacity from a
designated list of coal and nuclear generation facilities. Based on a draft memorandum, the Order would be pursuant to DOE's
authorities under the Defense Production Act and Federal Power Act, and would forestall any further actions towards retiring,
decommissioning, or deactivating coal and nuclear facilities during the term of the Order . The Order would emphasize the
importance of grid resilie ncy, in addition to grid reliability , noting that fuel security and diversity are critical components of resiliency .
The DOE recognizes that the underlying economic and regulatory issues are complex and will take time resolve. The Order's 24-
month duration would enable DOE to conduct additional analyses to gain a detailed understanding of location-specific vulnerabilities
in U.S. energy delivery systems, while preserving certain generation facilities. Exelon has been and will continue to be an active
87
Table of Contents
participant in these proceedings but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Energy Demand
Modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in relatively flat load growth in electricity for the
Utility Registrants. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE are projecting load volumes to increase (decrease) by (0.2)% , (0.1)% , 0.3% ,
(0.3)%  and (1.5)% , respectively , in 2019  compared to 2018 . PECO is projecting load volumes to be flat in 2019  compared to 2018 .
Retail Competition
Generation’ s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that Generation can
earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. Forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect
retail compe titors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including Generation) will
continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
Strategic Policy Alignment
As part of its strategic business planning proces s, Exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy , dividend policy , operating and capital
costs, capita l spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing
various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes
in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
Exelon's Board of Directors declared first, second, third and fourth quarter 2018  dividends of $0.3450  per share each on Exelon's
common stock, and the first quarter 2019 dividends declared was $0.3625 . The dividends for the first, second, third and fourth
quarter 2018  were paid on March 9, 2018 , June 8, 2018 , September 10, 2018  and December 10, 2018 , respectively . The first
quarter 2019  dividend is payable on March 8, 2019 .
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering
2018 through 2020, beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
Hedging Strategy
Exelon’ s policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of
market price  volatility . Generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio.
Generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap
options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counte rparties, to hedge this anticipated
exposure. Generation has hedges in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2019  and 2020 . However , Generation is exposed to
relatively greater commodity price risk in the subsequent years with respect to which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio is
currently unhedged. As of December 31, 2018 , the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New
York and ERCOT  reportable segments is 89%-92%, 56%-59% and 32%-35% for 2019 , 2020 , and 2021  respectively . The percentage
of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. Expected generation is the
volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generating facilities
based upon a simulated  dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market condit ions, which are calibrated to market
quotes for power , fuel, load following products, and options. Equivalent sales represent all hedgin g products, such as wholesale and
retail sales of power , options and swaps. Generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to
mitigate commodity price risk in subsequent years as well.
Generation procures oil and natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel is
obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services, coal, oil and natural gas are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions.
Supply market conditions may make Generation’ s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-
performance of counterparties to deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. Approximately 62% of
Generation’ s uranium concentrate requirements from 2019  through 2023  are supplied by three producers. In the event of non-
performance by these
88
Table of Contents
or other suppliers, Generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtaine d, although at prices that may be
unfavorable when compared to the prices unde r the current supply agreements. Non-performa nce by these counterparties could
have a material adverse impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
The Utility Registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs
from retail customers.
Environmental Legislative and Regulatory Developments
Exelon was actively involved in the Obama Administration’ s development and implementation of environmental regulations for the
electric industry, in pursuit of its business strategy to provide reliable, clean, affordable and innovative energy products. These efforts
have most frequently involved air, water and waste controls for fossil-fueled electric generating units, as set forth in the discussion
below . Thes e regulation s have had a disproportionate adverse impact on coal-fired power plant s, requiring significant expenditures
of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and have resulted in the retiremen t of older , marginal facilities. Due to
its low emission generation portfolio, Generation has not been significantly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive
advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil fuel plants.
Through the issuance of a series of Executive Orders (EO), President Trump has initiated review of a number of EPA and other
regulations issued during the Obama Administration, with the expectation that the Administration will seek repeal or significant
revision of these rules . Under these EOs, each executive agency is required to evaluate existing regulations and make
recommendations regarding repeal, replacement , or modification. The Administration’ s actions are intended to result in less stringent
compliance requirements under air, water , and waste regulations. The exact nature, extent, and timing of the regulatory changes are
unknown, as well as the ultimate impact on Exelon’ s and its subsidiaries results of operations and cash flows.
In particular , the Administration has targeted existing EPA regulations for repeal, including notably the Clean Power Plan, as well as
revoking many Executive Orders, reports, and guidance issued by the Obama Administration on the topic of climate change or the
regulation of greenhouse gases. The Executive Order also disbanded the Interagency Working Group that developed the social cost
of carbon used in rulemakings, and withdrew all technical support documents supporting the calculation. Other regulations that have
been specifically identified for review are the Clean Water Act rule relating to jurisdictional waters of the U.S., the Steam Electric
Effluent Guidelines relating to waste water discharges from coal-fired power plants, and the 2015 National Ambient Air Quality
Standard (NAAQS) for ozone. The review of final rules could extend over several years as formal notice and comment rulemaking
process proceeds.
Air Quality
Mercury and Air Toxics Standard Rule (MATS). On December 16, 2011, the EPA signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic
air pollutants from powe r plants and signed revisions to the NSPS for electric generating units. The final rule, known as MATS,
requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury , acid gases and other metals, and to make
capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. The initial compliance deadline to meet the
new standards was April 16, 2015; however , facilities may have been granted an additional one or two-year extension in limited
cases. Nume rous entitie s challenged MATS in the D.C. Circuit Court, and Exelon intervened in support of the rule. In April 2014, the
D.C. Circuit Court issued  an opinion upholding MATS in its entirety . On appeal, the U.S. Supreme Court decided in June 2015 that
the EPA unreasonably refused to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air
pollutants emitted by electric utilities. The U.S. Supreme Court, however , did not vacate the rule; rather , it was remanded to the D.C.
Circuit Court to take further action consistent with the U.S. Supreme Court’ s opinion on this single issue. On April 27, 2017, the D.C.
Circuit granted EPA’s motion to hold the litigation in abeyance, pending EPA’s review of the MATS rule pursuant to President Trump’ s
EO discusse d above. Following EPA’s review and determination of its course of action for the MATS rule, the parties will have 30
days to file motions on future proceedings. Notwithstanding the Court’ s order to hold the litigation in abeyance, the MATS rule
remains in effect. Exelon  will continue to participate in the remanded proceedings before the D.C. Circuit Court as an intervenor in
support of the rule. On December 28, 2018, the EPA proposed to revoke the "appropriate and necessary" finding underpinning the
MATS rule. While the proposal would leave in place the rule, it would leave it vulnerable to future legal challenge.
89
Table of Contents
Clean Power Plan.  On April 28, 2017, the D.C. Circuit Court issued orders in separate litigation related to the EPA’s actions under
the Clean Power Plan (CPP) to amend Clean Air Act Section 111(d) regulation of existing fossil-fired electric generating units and
Section 111(b) regulation of new fossil-fired electric generating units. In both cases, the Court has determined to hold the litigation in
abeyance pending a determination whether the rule should be remanded to the EPA. On Octobe r 10, 2017, EPA issued a proposed
rule to repea l the CPP in its entirety , based on a proposed change in the Agency’ s legal interpreta tion of Clean Air Act Section 111(d)
regarding actions that the Agency can consider when establishing the Best System of Emissi on Reduction (“BSER”) for existing
power plants . Under the proposed interpretation, the Agency exceeded its authority under the Clean Air Act by regulating beyond
individual sources of GHG emissions. Subsequently , on August 31, 2018, EPA proposed its Affordable Clean Energy Rule (ACE),
which would  replace the CPP with revised emission guidelines based on heat rate improvemen t measures that could be achieved
within the fence line of existing power plants.
2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS).  On April 11, 2017, the D.C. Circuit ordered that the consolidated
2015 ozone NAAQS litigation be held in abeyance pending EPA’s further review of the 2015 Rule. EPA did not meet the October 1,
2017 deadlin e to promulgate initial designations  for areas in attainment or non-attainment of the standard. A number of states and
environmental organizations have notified the EP A of their intent to file suit to compel EP A to issue the designations.
Climate Change.  Exelo n supports comprehensive climate chang e legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for
GHG emissi ons, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national
GHG emissions. In the absence of Federal legislation, the EPA is moving forward with the regulation of GHG emissions under the
Clean Air Act. In additio n, there have been recent developments in the international regulation of GHG emissions pursuant to the
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (“UNFCCC” or “Convention”). See ITEM 1. BUSINESS , "Glob al Climate
Change" for additional information.
Water Quality
Section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to
minimize adverse enviro nmental impacts and is implemented through state-level NPDES permit programs. All of Generation’ s power
generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. Facilities withou t closed-cycle recirculating systems
(e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. For Generation, those facilities are Calvert
Cliffs, Clinto n, Dresden, Eddystone, Fairless Hills, FitzPatrick, Ginna, Gould Street, Handley , Mystic 7, Nine Mile Point Unit 1, Peach
Bottom, Quad Cities, and Salem. See ITEM 1.  BUSINESS , "Water Quality" for additional information.
Solid and Hazardous W aste
In October 2015, the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (CCR) from power plants became effective.
The rule classifies CCR  as non-hazardous waste under RCRA. Under the regulation, CCR will continue to be regulated by most
states subject to coordination with the federal regulations. Generation has previously recorded accruals consistent with state
regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
results. Generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential likelihood or magnitude of any
remediation requirements that may be asserted under the new federal regulations for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by
Generation. For these reasons, Generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent it may ultimately be held responsible for
remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations.
See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information related to environmental matters, including the impact of environmental regulation.
Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments
Delaware Distribution System Investment Charge
On June 14, 2018, the Governor of Delaware signed new Distribution System Investment Charge (DSIC) legislation, which
establishes a system improvement charge that provides a mechanism to recover infrastructure investments, allowing for gradual rate
increases and limiting frequency of distribution base rate cases. On November 30, 2018, DPL filed its first electric and gas filing in
Delaware with the new rates being put into effect on January 1, 2019. This legislation supports needed infrastructure investment and
allows for more timely recovery of those investm ents, however Exelon, PHI and DPL do not expect a material impact on the financial
statements.
90
Table of Contents
Pennsylvania Alternative Ratemaking
On June 28, 2018, the Governor of Pennsylvania signed Act 58 of 2018, which authorizes the PAPUC to review and approve utility-
proposed alternative rate mechanisms, including options such as decoupling mechanisms, formula rates, multi-year rate plans, and
performance based rates. Exelon and PECO cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or PECO.
District of Columbia Clean Energy Bill
On December 18, 2018,  the Council of the District of Columbia passed the Clean Energy Distric t of Columbia Omnibus Amendment
Act of 2018 (the Act), which was subsequently signed by the Mayor of the District of Columbia  on January 18, 2019.  The Act is
expected to take effect in February 2019 followin g the expiration of a 30-day review process by the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Among other things, the Act would increase electric load by requiring all public buses, taxis and other specified fleets to be solely
zero-emissions vehicles by 2045.  The Act would  also clarify that, under certain circumstances, the gas and electric utilities may offer
and receive cost recover y including a return on investment on capital and related costs for energy efficiency programs in the District
of Columbia.
Employees
In January 2017, an election was held at BGE which resulted in union representation for approximately 1,284  employees. BGE and
IBEW Local 410 are negotiating an initial agreem ent which could result in some modifications to wages, hours and other terms and
conditions of employment. Negotiations have been productive and continue. No agreement has been finalized to date and
management cannot predict the outcome of such negotiations. Negotiations that began in 2017 for a first collective bargaining
agreement with a small unit of employees repre sented by Local 501 of Operating Engineers at Exelon’ s Hyperion Solutions facility
are complete and the new CBA will expire in 2021. During 2017, Generation finalized CBAs with the Security Officer unions at
LaSalle, Limerick and Quad Cities, which all will expire in 2020 and Dresden expiring in 2021. Additionally , during 2017, Generation
acquired and combined two CBAs at Fitzpatrick into one CBA covering both craft and security employees, which will expire in 2023.
Generation also successfully finalized the CBA with the IBEW union at TMI, which will expire in 2022. During 2018, Generation
finalized its CBA with the Security Officer’s union  at Braidwood, which will expire in 2021. Additionally , ACE successfully finalized two
contract renewals with the IBEW Local 210, and the new BAs will expire in 2023. As previously  reported, there was an organizing
effort over approximately 18 ACE control room System Operators. While an election was held with an outcome favorable to Local
210, collective bargaining over this small segme nt of employees will not commence until the issue of whether the System Operators
are NLRA  statutory supervisors is determined, and that matter is currently before the NLRB. Furthermore, there was an organizing
effort at PECO over approximately 150 Working Foreperson positions. In October 2018 , the Working Foreperson group
overwhelmingly rejected unionization in an election held by the NLRB. Lastly , on December 27, 2018 a representation petition was
filed by the LEOSU Union seeking to represent security officers at Clinton Power station who are currently represented by SEIU
Local 1. The current collective bargaining agreement between Exelon Nuclear Security and the SEIU Local 1 has been extended, so
that the matter between the two rival labor organizations can be resolved. No election or determination has been held and it is
anticipated that this matter will be resolved in 2019.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP  requires that management apply accounting policies and make
estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial
statements. Management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or
incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Additional
information of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon and Generation)
Generation’ s ARO associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $10.0 billion  at December 31, 2018 . The authoritative
guidance requires that Generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. To estimate
that liability , Generation  uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit
basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
91
Table of Contents
As a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry , nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more
information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. At the same time, regulators are gaining more information about
decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirem ents. In addition, as more nuclear
plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in
decommissioning costs. The availability of NDT funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. Additionally , certain
factors such as changes  in regulatory requirem ents during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the
timing of plant retirements. These factors could  result in material changes to Generation’ s current estimates as more information
becomes available and could change the timing  of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome
scenarios.
The nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key
assumptions for the expected timing and/or estim ated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the
nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
Decommissioning Cost Studies. Generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment
of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current
decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. Decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis,
for each of Generation’ s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. As part of the
annual cost study update process, Generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs
to determine  if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the AROs across
the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
Cost Escalation Factors. Generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the
decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. Cost escalation
studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor ,
equipment and materials, energy , LLRW dispos al and other costs. All of the nuclear AROs are adjusted each year for the updated
cost escalation factors.
Probabilistic Cash Flow Models. Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various
scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis.
Probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% highe r (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower
(low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. The assumed decommissioning scenarios include the following three alternatives:
(1) DECON which assumes decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2) Shortened SAFST OR
generally has a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities, and (3) SAFST OR which assumes the nuclear facility is
placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subs equently decontaminated generally
within 60 years after cessation of operations. In each decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as
soon as possible until DOE acceptance for disposal.
The actual decommissio ning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by Generation at the time of
shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the nuclear  decommissioning trust fund at the
time of shutdown.
The assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the
original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended 60-year nuclear license term (regardless
of whether such 20-year  license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal
for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and
regulatory environments. The successful operation of nuclear plants in the U.S. beyond the initial 40-year license terms has
prompted the NRC to consider regulatory and technical requirements for potential plant operatio ns for an 80-year nuclear operating
term. As power market and regulatory environment developments occur , Generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary , the
impacts of such developments into its nuclear ARO assumptions and estimates.
Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of DOE acceptance of SNF for disposal.
Generation currently assumes DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2030. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on
management’ s estimates of the amount of time required for DOE to select a site location
92
Table of Contents
and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term SNF storage. For additional information regarding the estimated date that
DOE will begin accepting SNF, see Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements.
Discount Rates. The probability-weighted  estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using
credit-adjusted, risk-free  rates (CARFR) applicab le to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated.
Generation initially recognizes an ARO at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash
flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions. The ARO is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in
the CARFR that occur in isolation. Increases in the ARO as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are
considered new obligations and are measured using a current CARFR as the increase creates a new cost layer within the ARO. Any
decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the ARO are treated as a modification of an existing ARO cost
layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical CARFR rates used in creat ing the initial ARO cost layers. If
Generation’ s future nominal cash flows associat ed with the ARO were to be discounted at current prevailing CARFR, the obligation
would increase from approximately $10.0 billion  to approximately $10.1 billion .
The following table illustrates the significant impa ct that changes in the CARFR, when combined  with changes in projected amounts
and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the ARO (dollars in millions):
Change in the CARFR applied to the annual ARO updateIncrease (Decrease) to ARO at
December 31, 2018
2017 CARFR rather than the 2018 CARFR
$ 50
2018 CARFR increased by 50 basis points (100)
2018 CARFR decreased by 50 basis points 130
ARO Sensitivities. Changes in the assumptions underlying the ARO could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. The
impact to the ARO of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may
correspondingly change.
The following table illustrates the effects of changing certain ARO assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars
in millions):
Change in ARO AssumptionIncrease to ARO at
December 31, 2018
Cost escalation studies
Uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points $ 1,530
Probabilistic cash flow models
Increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent 650
Increase the likelihood of the DECON scenario by 10 percent and decrease the likelihood of the
SAFST OR scenario by 10 percent(a)410
Shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent(b)720
Extend the estimated date for DOE acceptance of SNF to 2035 90
__________
(a)Excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
(b)Excludes any retired site or sites for which an early plant retirement has been announced.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies , Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  and Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial State ments for additional information regarding acco unting for nuclear decommissioning
obligations.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd and PHI)
As of December 31, 2018 , Exelon’ s $6.7 billion  carrying amount of goodwill consists of $2.6 billion  at ComEd, $4 billion  at PHI and
immaterial amounts at Generation and DPL. These entities are required to perform an assessm ent for possible impairment of their
goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances
93
Table of Contents
change that would more  likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. A reporting unit is an
operating segment or one level below an operati ng segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for
impairment. ComEd has a single operating segment and reporting unit. PHI’s operating segments and reporting units are Pepco,
DPL and ACE. See Note 24 — Segment Information  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for additional
information. Exelon's and ComEd’ s goodwill has been assigned entirely to the ComEd reporting unit. Exelon's and PHI’s goodwill
has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting units in the amounts of $2.1 billion , $1.4 billion  and $0.5 billion ,
respectively . See Note 10 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s and PHI’s accounting policy is to perform a quantitative test of goodwill at least once every three years, or more
frequently if events occu r or circumstances chan ge that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below
its carrying amount.
Application of the good will impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco's, DPL's
and ACE's businesses and the fair value of debt. In applying the second step (if needed), management must estimate the fair value
of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to
changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s,
ComEd's or PHI’s goodw ill, which could be material. Based on the results of the last annual quan titative goodwill tests performed as
of Novembe r 1, 2016 and November 1, 2018 for ComEd and PHI, respectively , the estimated fair values of the ComEd, Pepco, DPL
and ACE reporting units  would have needed to decrease by more than 30%, 30%, 20% and 30%, respectivel y, for ComEd and PHI
to fail the first step of their respective impairment tests.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 10 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements for additional information.
Purchase Accounting (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition.
The difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as
goodwill on the balance  sheet if the purchase price exceeds the estimated net fair value or as a bargain purchase gain on the
income statement if the purchase price is less than the estimated net fair value. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed requires management’ s judgment, often utilizes independent valuation expert s and involves the use of significant
estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices
and asset lives, among other items. The judgments made in the determination of the estimate d fair value assigned to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability , could
significantly impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. The
allocation of the purchas e price may be modified up to one year after the acquisition date as more information is obtained about the
fair value of assets acqu ired and liabilities assumed. If the transaction is determined to be an asset acquisition the purchase price is
allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilitie s assumed and no goodwill or bargain purchase gain would be recorded.  See Note
5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Unamortized Energy Contract Assets and Liabilities (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
94
Table of Contents
Unamortized energy contract assets and liabilitie s represent the remaining unamortized balance s of non-derivative energy contracts
that Generation has acquired and the electricity contracts Exelon has acquired as part of the PHI merger . The initial amount
recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. At Exelon and PHI, offsetting regulatory assets or
liabilities were also recorded for those energy contract costs that are probable of recovery or refund through customer rates. The
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively , are amortized
over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. Amortization of the unamortized
energy contr act assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on
the nature of the underly ing contract. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters , Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note
10 — Intangible Assets  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Impairment of Long-lived Assets (All Registrants)
All Registrants regularly monitor and evaluate their long-lived assets and asset groups, excluding goodwill, for impairment when
circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of potential impairment may include a
deteriorating business climate, including declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a
short period  of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology , plans to dispos e of a long-lived asset significantly
before the end of its useful life, and financial distress of a third party for assets contracted with them on a long-term basis, among
others.
The review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and
estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. For the generation business,
forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of
fuel and the expected operations of assets. A variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the
recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could have a significant impact in the consolidated financial statements. An
impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived
assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For the generation business, the
lowest level of independ ent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the
generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or liabilities recorded
on the balance sheet. The cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows
generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and
liabilities on the balance  sheet. In certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are
contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted
renewables). For such assets the financial viability of the third party , including the impact of bankruptcy on the contract, may be a
significant assumption in the assessment.
On a quarterly basis, Generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. If indicators are present
for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is
performed. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not
recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant’ s
view of the exit price of the assets. This includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets
and market discount rates. Events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between
prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. The determination of fair value is driven
by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts,
projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and
industry sources.
See Note 7 — Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangible s of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for a
discussion of asset impairment evaluations made by Exelon.
Depreciable Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment (All Registrants)
The Registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution
assets. These assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite or unitary methods of
depreciation. The group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have
95
Table of Contents
approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. Under
both method s, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. The estimation of asset
useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience.
Depreciation studies are generally completed every five years, or more frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event,
regulatory action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary .
For the Utility Registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowe d in customer rates for recovery of
depreciation costs. Generally , the Utility Registr ants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with
adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align
with management’ s judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been upda ted on a timely basis. Depreciation
expense and customer rates for ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE includes an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and
removing plant from service upon retirement. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE related to
removal costs.
PECO’ s removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the
life of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method. Estimates for such removal costs are also
evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
At Generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and
generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating
facilities. See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Notes  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets
could have a significant impact on the Registrants’  future results of operations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the
property , plant and equipment of the Registrants.
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans for substantially all current
employees. The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the
development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. When developing the required assumptions,
Exelon cons iders historic al information as well as future expectations. The measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected
by several assumptions  including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan
assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, Exelon’ s expected level of contribu tions to the plans, the incidence of
participant mortality , the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation
increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans,
among others. The assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. Exelon
amortizes actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-
related value (MR V) of plan assets over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
Pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including U.S. and international securities, and fixed
income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds.
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets. In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including
inflation and GDP  growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance,
weighted by Exelon’ s target asset class allocations. Exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and other
postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the EROA  by the MRV of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into
consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. In determining MRV, the authoritative
guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in
fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. For the majority of pension plan assets, Exelon uses a
calculated
96
Table of Contents
value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected MRV of plan assets. Use of this calculated value
approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. For other
postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, Exelon uses fair value to calculate the MR V.
Discount Rate. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the discount rates were  determined by develop ing a spot rate curve based on the
yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to
the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. The spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit
distribution amounts under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The discount rate is the single level rate that
produces the same result as the spot rate curve. Exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed  by its actuaries to determine the
discount rates.
Mortality . The mortalit y assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . Exelon’ s mortality
assumption is supported by an actuarial experience study of Exelon's plan participants and utilizes the IRS's RP-2000 base table
and the Scale BB 2-Dimensional improvement scale with long-term improvements of 0.75% .
Sensitivity to Changes in Key Assumptions . The following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial
assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
 Actual Assumption     
Actuarial Assumption Pension OPEBChange in
Assumption Pension OPEB  Total
Change in 2018 cost:       
Discount rate (a)3.62% 3.61% 0.5%  $ (51)$ (17) $ (68)
 3.62% 3.61% (0.5)%  62 21 83
EROA 7.00% 6.60% 0.5%  (90) (13) (103)
 7.00% 6.60% (0.5)%  89 13 102
Change in benefit obligation at
December 31, 2018:       
Discount rate (a)4.31% 4.30% 0.5%  (1,180 ) (246) (1,426 )
 4.31% 4.30% (0.5)%  1,371 284  1,655
__________
(a)In general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves
closer to 0%. Therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the
discount rate. Additionally, Exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. The sensitivities shown above do
not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
See Note 16 — Retirement Benefits  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
Regulatory Accounting (Exelon and Utility Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, Exelon and the Utility Registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in
their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are
established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or
products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers.
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such
amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved
regulatory programs. If it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed
above, Exelon and the Utility Registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the
impact would be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and could be material.
97
Table of Contents
The following table illustrates the gains (losses) that could result from the elimination of regulato ry assets and liabilities and charges
against OCI (dollars in millions before taxes) related to deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and other postretirement
benefit plans that are recorded as regulatory assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets:
December 31, 2018 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Gain (loss) $ 744  $ 4,743  $ 55 $ 694 $ (853)$ (84)$ 375  $ (6)
Charge against OCI(a)$ 3,754  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
___________
(a)Exelon's charge against OCI (before taxes) consists of up to $2.4 billion, $529 million, $157 million, $413 million, $208 million and $105 million
related to ComEd's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and
other postretirement benefit plans. Exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(47) million (before taxes) related to PECO’s portion of the
deferred costs associated with Exelon’s other postretirement benefit plans that would result in an increase in OCI if reversed.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information regarding
regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of Exelon and the Utility Registrants.
For each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, Exelon and the Utility Registr ants assess whether the regulatory
assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when
regulatory events occur . This assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar
costs in each Registran t's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. If the
assessments and estimates made by Exelon and the Utility Registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately
different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
Refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with
ICC-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for ComEd, and FERC transmission formula rate tariffs for the
Utility Registrants.
Accounting for Derivative Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registra nts use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk
related to ongoing business operations. The Registrants’  derivative activities are in accordanc e with Exelon’ s Risk Management
Policy (RMP ). See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
The Registrants account for derivative financia l instruments under the applicable authoritative  guidance. Determining whether a
contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as
well as deter mining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. Changes in management’ s
assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded
contracts becoming in scope to new authoritative guidance.
Under curre nt authorita tive guidance, all deriva tives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain
derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under , the normal purchases and normal sales exception. Derivatives entered into for
economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes are recorded at fair value through earni ngs. For economic hedges that are
not designat ed for hedge accounting for the Utility Registrants, changes in the fair value each period are generally recorded with a
corresponding of fsetting regulatory asset or liability given likelihood of recovering the associated costs through customer rates.
Normal Purchases and Normal Sales Exception. As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters into
contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term
commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability
to deliver or take delivery . While some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative
guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated by Generation as normal purchases and normal sales
transactions, which are thus not required to be
98
Table of Contents
recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. Determining whether a contract qualifies for the normal
purchases and normal sales exception requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that
management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. Revenues and expenses
on contracts  that qualify as normal purchases and normal sales are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is
completed. Contracts that qualify for the norma l purchases and normal sales exception are those for which physical delivery is
probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and the
contract is not financially  settled on a net basis. The contracts that ComEd has entered into with suppliers as part of ComEd’ s energy
procurement process, PECO’ s full requirement contracts under the PAPUC-approved DSP program, most of PECO’ s natural gas
supply agreements, all of BGE’ s full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives and certain
Pepco, DPL and ACE full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the normal purchases and normal sales
exception.
Commodity Contracts. Identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires Generation to determine that the
contract is in accordance  with the RMP . Generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regula r basis to determine if they continue
to be within the guidelines of the RMP .
As a part of the authorita tive guidance, the Registrants make estimates and assumptions conce rning future commodity prices, load
requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the
expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial
accounting treatment for derivative transactions . Under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the Registrants
categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuatio n techniques used to measure fair
value.
Derivative contracts are traded in both exchang e-based and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are
valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy .
Certain derivatives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter , on-line
exchanges. The price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the Registrants believe provide the
most liquid market for the commodity . The price  quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and
representative of an orderly transaction between  market participants. The Registrant’ s derivative s are traded predominately at liquid
trading points. The remaining derivative contrac ts are valued using models that consider input s such as contract terms, including
maturity , and market parameters, and assumptio ns of the future prices of energy , interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness and credit
spread. For derivatives that trade in liquid mark ets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally
observable. Such instruments are categorized in Level 2.
For derivativ es that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both
observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in Level 3.
The Registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical
and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. The impacts of nonperformance and credit
risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Derivative Instruments. The Registra nts may utilize fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps to
achieve the targeted level of variable-rate debt as a percent of total debt. Additionally , the Registrants may use forward-starting
interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks to lock in interest-rate levels and floating to fixed swaps for project financing. In addition,
Generation enters into interest rate derivative contracts to economically hedge risk associated with the interest rate component of
commodity positions. Generation does not utilize interest rate derivatives with the objective of benefiting from shifts or changes in
market interest rates. To manage foreign exchange rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other
than U.S. dollars, Gener ation utilizes foreign currency derivatives, which are typically designated as economic hedges. The fair value
of the agreements is calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on observable inputs and are
primarily categorized in Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy . Certain exchange based interest rate derivatives that are valued using
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy .
99
Table of Contents
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK  and Note 11 — Fair Value of Financial
Assets and Liabilities  and Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the Registrants’  derivative instruments.
Taxation (All Registrants)
Significant management judgment is required in determining the Registrants’  provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the
uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. The Registrants
account for uncertain income tax positions using  a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-
not recogniti on threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax bene fit that is greater than 50% likely of
being realize d upon ultimate settlement. Manag ement evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and
circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant
information. Significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate
amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants evaluate quarterly the probabili ty of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income
and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary , to realize deferred tax assets. The Registrants also
assess negative evidence, such as the expirat ion of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the
Registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. Based on the combined assessment, the Registrants record valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
Actual incom e taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various  items, including future changes in
income tax laws, the Registrants’  forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax
planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. See Note 14 — Income
Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies (All Registrants)
In the preparation of their financial statements, the Registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events
and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information.
The amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. Such difference could have a
significant impact in the Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
Environmental Costs. Environmental investigat ion and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number
of sites for which the Registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs
that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology , regulations and the
requirements of local governmental authorities. Annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at ComEd, PECO, BGE and DPL to
determine future remediation requirements for MGP  sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly . In addition, periodic reviews are
performed at each of the Registrants to asses s the adequacy of other environmental reserves. These matters, if resolved in a
manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements. See Note
22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other , Including Personal Injury Claims. The Registrants are self-insured for general liability , automotive liability , workers’
compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance
maintained. The Registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported
(IBNR). The IBNR reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually . Future events, such
as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties
surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than
estimated. Accordingly , these claims, if resolve d in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact in the
Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
100
Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition (All Registrants)
Sources of Revenue and Determination of Accounting Treatment. The Registr ants earn revenues from various business
activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capac ity, and other commodities in non-
regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of
other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
The account ing treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative
guidance. The Registrants primarily apply the Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Derivativ e and Alternative Revenue Program
(ARP) guidance to recognize revenue as discussed in more detail below .
Revenue from Contra cts with Customers. Under the Revenue from Contracts with Customers guidance, the Registrants
recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally
occurs when power , natural gas, and other energy-related commodities are physically delivered to the customer . Transactions of the
Registrants within the scope of Revenue from Contracts with Customers generally include non-d erivative agreements, contracts that
are designat ed as normal purchases and normal sales (NPNS), sales to utility customers under  regulated service tariffs, and spot-
market energy commodity sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
The determination of Generation’ s and the Utility Registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on
systematic readings of customer meters, generally on a monthly basis. At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to
customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. The
measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usag e measured by generation or gas
throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates.
Increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities’  customers and favorable or unfav orable rate mix due to changes in
usage patte rns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. In addition, revenues
may fluctuat e monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier , since unbilled commodity revenues are not
recorded for these customers. Changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled
for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however , total operating revenues would remain
materially unchanged. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information.
Derivative Revenues. The Registr ants record  revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of acco unting for
transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. These derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk
management activities. Mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair
value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts, and realized gains and losses.
Alternative Revenue Program Accounting. Certain of the Utility Registrants’  ratemaking mechanisms qualify as Alternative
Revenue Programs (ARPs) if they (i) are estab lished by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii)
provide for additional revenues (above those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively
determinable and probable of recovery , and (iii) allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the
end of the period in which they were recognized. For mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the Utility Registrants’
formula rate and revenue decoupling mechanism s, the Utility Registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or
liability once the condition or event allowing additional billing or refund has occurred. The ARP revenues presented in the Utility
Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income include both: (i) the recognition of “originating” ARP
revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and
offsetting reversal of the “originating” ARP revenues as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized as
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco and DPL record ARP revenue for their best estima te of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable  of approval by the MDPSC and/or
DCPSC in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE record ARP revenue for their
best estimat e of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval
by FERC in
101
Table of Contents
accordance with their formula rate mechanisms . Estimates of the current year revenue requir ement are based on actual and/or
forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory
capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. The estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in
costs incurred, investments made, allowed ROE, and actions by regulators or courts.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts (Utility Registrants)
Utility Regis trants estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed
specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. Risk segments represent a group of
customers with similar credit quality indicators that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their
balances and payment history . Loss rates applie d to the accounts receivable balances are base d on a historical average of charge-
offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. The Utility Registrants'  customer accounts are generally
considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly
basis. Utility Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. Utility Registrants'
allowances for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as
changes in ICC, P APUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU regulations.
Results of Operations by Registrant
The Registrants' Results of Operations includes  discussion of RNF, which is a financial measure not defined under GAAP  and may
not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this
report. The CODMs for Exelon and Generation evaluate the performance of Generation's electric business activities and allocate
resources based on RNF. Generation believes that RNF is a useful measure because it provid es information that can be used to
evaluate its operational performance. For the Utility Registrants, their Operating revenues reflect the full and current recovery of
commodity procuremen t costs given the rider mechanisms approved by their respective state regulators. The commodity
procurement costs, which are recorded in Purchased power and fuel expense, and the associated revenues can be volatile.
Therefore, the Utility Registrants believe that RNF is a useful measure because it excludes the effect on Operating revenues caused
by the volatility in these expenses.
102
Table of Contents
Results of Operations—Generation
 2018 2017  Favorable
(unfavorable)
2018 vs. 2017
variance 2016  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 20,437 $ 18,500  $ 1,937 $ 17,757  $ 743
Purchased power and fuel expense 11,693 9,690  (2,003 ) 8,830  (860)
Revenues net of purchased power
and fuel expense 8,744 8,810  (66) 8,927 (117)
Other operating expenses       
Operating and maintenance 5,464 6,299  835 5,663  (636)
Depreciation and amortization 1,797 1,457  (340) 1,879  422
Taxes other than income 556 555  (1) 506  (49)
Total other operating expenses 7,817 8,311  494 8,048 (263)
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and
businesses 48 2 46 (59) 61
Bargain purchase gain — 233  (233) — 233
Gain on deconsolidation of business — 213  (213) — 213
Operating income 975 947 28 820 127
Other income and (deductions)        
Interest expense (432) (440) 8 (364) (76)
Other , net (178) 948  (1,126 ) 401  547
Total other income and (deductions) (610) 508 (1,118 ) 37 471
Income before income taxes 365 1,455 (1,090 ) 857 598
Income taxes (108) (1,376 ) (1,268 ) 282  1,658
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (30) (33) 3 (25) (8)
Net income 443 2,798 (2,355 ) 550 2,248
Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests 73 88 (15) 67 21
Net income attributable to membership
interest $ 370 $ 2,710 $ (2,340 )$ 483 $ 2,227
Year Ended December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income attributable to membership
interest  decreased by $2,340 million  primarily due to:
•Impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes in 2017 as a result of the TCJA;
•Net unrealized losses on NDT  funds in 2018 compared to net gains in 2017;
•Lower realized energy prices;
•Accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the Oyster Creek and TMI nuclear facilities;
•The gain associated with the FitzPatrick acquisition in 2017;
•Increased mark-to-market losses;
•The gain recorded upon deconsolidation of EGTP's net liabilities in 2017;
103
Table of Contents
•The absence of EGTP  earnings resulting from its deconsolidation in the fourth quarter of 2017; and
•Long-lived asset impairments of certain merchant wind assets in W est Texas.
The decreases were partially of fset by;
•The impact of the New York and Illinois ZEC revenue (including the impact of zero emission credits generated in Illinois
from June 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017);
•Long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the EGTP  assets held for sale in 2017;
•Increased capacity prices;
•The impact of lower federal income tax rate as a result of the TCJA  at Generation;
•Net realized gains on NDT  funds; and
•Decreased nuclear outage days.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income attributable to membership
interest  increased by $2,227 million  primarily due to:
•Impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the TCJA;
•The gain associated with the FitzPatrick acquisition;
•Accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility in 2017 compared to
the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear facilities;
•Higher net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•The impact of the New York ZEC revenue;
•The gain recorded upon deconsolidation of EGTP's net liabilities;
•Increased capacity prices; and
•Decreased nuclear outage days.
These increases were partially of fset by:
•Long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the EGTP  assets held for sale;
•Lower realized energy prices;
•The conclusion of the Ginna Reliability Support Services Agreement;
•Increased costs related to the acquisition of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility; and
•Increased mark-to-market losses.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. The basis for Generation’ s reportable segments is the integrated
management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and large ly representative of the footprints of
ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels
(wholesale and retail). Generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions.
Generation's six reportable segments are Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions. During the first
quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our New England region, Generation is changing the way that information is
reviewed by the CODM. The New England regio n will no longer be regularly reviewed as a sepa rate region by the CODM nor will it
be presented separately in any external inform ation presented to third parties. Information for the New England region will be
reviewed by the CODM as part of Other Power Regions. As a result, beginning in the first quart er of 2019, Generation will disclose
five reportable segments consisting of Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT  and
104
Table of Contents
Other Powe r Regions. See Note 24 - Segment Information  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on these reportable segments.
The following business activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported under Other: natural gas, as well as other
miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations. Further , the following
activities are not allocat ed to a region, and are reported in Other: amortization of certain intan gible assets relating to commodity
contracts recorded at fair value from mergers  and acquisitions; accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear
decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
Generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of RNF. Operating revenues
include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants. Purchased power costs include all costs associated with
the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity , energy and ancillary services. Fuel expense includes the fuel costs for
owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
For the years ended December 31, 2018  compared to 2017  and December 31, 2017  compared to 2016 , RNF by region were as
follows:
   2018 vs. 2017   2017 vs. 2016
 2018 2017  Variance % Change 2016  Variance % Change
Mid-Atlantic(a)$ 3,073 $ 3,214  $ (141) (4.4)% $ 3,317  $ (103) (3.1)%
Midwest(a)3,135 2,820  315  11.2 % 2,971  (151) (5.1)%
New England 354 514  (160) (31.1 )% 438  76 17.4 %
New York(c)1,122 1,008  114  11.3 % 752  256  34.0 %
ERCOT 258 332  (74) (22.3 )% 281  51 18.1 %
Other Power Regions 375 305  70 23.0 % 336  (31) (9.2)%
Total electric revenues net
of purchased power and
fuel expense 8,317 8,193 124  1.5 % 8,095 98 1.2 %
Proprietary Trading 42 18 24 n.m. 15 3 n.m.
Mark-to-market losses (319) (175) (144) 82.3 % (41) (134) 326.8  %
Other(b) 704 774  (70) (9.0)% 858  (84) (9.8)%
Total revenue net of
purchased power and fuel
expense $ 8,744 $ 8,810 $ (66) (0.7)% $ 8,927 $ (117) (1.3)%
_________
(a)Includes results of transactions with PECO and BGE in the Mid-Atlantic region and results of transactions with ComEd in the Midwest region. As
a result of the PHI merger, includes results of transactions with Pepco, DPL and ACE in the Mid-Atlantic region beginning on March 24, 2016.
(b)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. Includes amortization of intangible assets related to commodity contracts recorded at fair
value of a $54 million decrease to RNF and a $57 million decrease to RNF for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively,
accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements, as discussed in Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, of $57 million, $12 million and $60 million for the years ended December 31, 2018,
2017 and 2016, respectively, and gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement of $75 million for the year ended December 31,
2018.
(c)Includes the ownership of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility from March 31, 2017.
105
Table of Contents
Generation’ s supply sources by region are summarized below:
   2018 vs. 2017  2017 vs. 2016
Supply Source (GWhs) 2018  2017  Variance % Change 2016 Variance % Change
Nuclear Generation(a)      
Mid-Atlantic 64,099  64,466  (367) (0.6)% 63,447 1,019 1.6 %
Midwest 94,283  93,344  939 1.0 % 94,668 (1,324 ) (1.4)%
New York(c)26,640  25,033  1,607 6.4 % 18,684 6,349 34.0 %
Total Nuclear Generation 185,022  182,843  2,179 1.2 % 176,799 6,044 3.4 %
Fossil and Renewables     
Mid-Atlantic 3,670  2,789  881 31.6 % 2,731 58 2.1 %
Midwest 1,373  1,482  (109) (7.4)% 1,488 (6) (0.4)%
New England 4,731  7,179  (2,448 ) (34.1 )% 6,968 211 3.0 %
New York 3 3 — — % 3 — — %
ERCOT 11,180  12,072  (892) (7.4)% 6,785 5,287 77.9 %
Other Power Regions 8,525  6,869  1,656 24.1 % 8,179 (1,310 ) (16.0 )%
Total Fossil and Renewables 29,482 30,394  (912) (3.0)% 26,154 4,240 16.2 %
Purchased Power     
Mid-Atlantic 6,506  9,801  (3,295 ) (33.6 )% 16,874 (7,073 ) (41.9 )%
Midwest 996  1,373  (377) (27.5 )% 2,255 (882) (39.1 )%
New England 26,033  18,517  7,516 40.6 % 16,632 1,885 11.3 %
New York — 28 (28) — % — 28 — %
ERCOT 6,550  7,346  (796) (10.8 )% 10,637 (3,291 ) (30.9 )%
Other Power Regions 18,965  14,530  4,435 30.5 % 13,589 941 6.9 %
Total Purchased Power 59,050  51,595 7,455 14.4 % 59,987 (8,392 ) (14.0 )%
Total Supply/Sales by Region     
Mid-Atlantic(b)74,275  77,056  (2,781 ) (3.6)% 83,052 (5,996 ) (7.2)%
Midwest(b)96,652  96,199  453 0.5 % 98,411 (2,212 ) (2.2)%
New England 30,764  25,696  5,068 19.7 % 23,600 2,096 8.9 %
New York 26,643  25,064  1,579 6.3 % 18,687 6,377 34.1 %
ERCOT 17,730  19,418  (1,688 ) (8.7)% 17,422 1,996 11.5 %
Other Power Regions 27,490  21,399  6,091 28.5 % 21,768 (369) (1.7)%
Total Supply/Sales by Region 273,554 264,832 8,722 3.3 % 262,940 1,892 0.7 %
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. CENG).
(b)Includes affiliate sales to PECO and BGE in the Mid-Atlantic region and affiliate sales to ComEd in the Midwest region. As a result of the PHI
Merger, includes affiliate sales to Pepco, DPL and ACE in the Mid-Atlantic region beginning on March 24, 2016.
(c)Includes the ownership of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility from March 31, 2017.
106
Table of Contents
For the years ended December 31, 2018  compared to 2017  and December 31, 2017  compared to 2016 , changes in RNF by region
were as follows:
 2018 vs. 2017 2017 vs. 2016
 Increase/(Decrease) Description Increase/(Decrease) Description
Mid-Atlantic $ (141)• lower realized energy prices,
  partially of fset by
• increased capacity prices$ (103)• lower load volumes
• lower realized energy prices
• decreased capacity prices,
  partially of fset by
• the absence of oil inventory
write-downs in 2017
• decreased nuclear outage days
Midwest 315 • the impact of the Illinois ZES
• increased capacity prices,
  partially of fset by
• lower realized energy prices(151)• lower realized energy prices
• increased nuclear outage days,
partially of fset by
• decreased fuel prices
New England (160)• lower realized energy prices,
  partially of fset by
• increased capacity prices76 • increased capacity prices,
  partially of fset by
• lower realized energy prices
New York 114 • impact of the New York CES
• acquisition of Fitzpatrick,
  partially of fset by
• the conclusion of the Ginna
Reliability Support Service
Agreement256 • the impact of the New York CES
• acquisition of FitzPatrick,
  partially of fset by
• conclusion of the Ginna
Reliability Support Service
Agreement
• lower realized energy prices
ERCOT (74)• deconsolidation of EGTP  in 2017,
  partially of fset by
• the addition of two combined-
cycle gas turbines in Texas51 • the addition of two combined-
cycle gas turbines in Texas,
  partially of fset by
• lower realized energy prices
Other Power Regions 70 • higher realized energy prices (31)• lower realized energy prices
Proprietary Trading 24 • congestion activity 3• congestion activity
Mark-to-Market (144)• losses on economic hedging
activities of $319 million in 2018
compared to losses of $175
million in 2017(134)• losses on economic hedging
activities of $175 million in 2017
compared to losses of $41 million
in 2016
Other (70)• decline in revenues related to the
energy ef ficiency business
• the sale of Generation's electrical
contracting business in 2018
• accelerated nuclear fuel
amortization associated with
announced early plant
retirements,
  partially of fset by
• the absence of amortization of
energy contracts recorded at fair
value associated with prior
acquisitions
• gain on the settlement of a long-
term gas supply agreement(84)• the impacts of declining natural
gas prices on Generation's
natural gas portfolio
• decline in revenues related to the
distributed generation business,
  partially of fset by
• decrease in accelerated nuclear
fuel amortization associated with
announced early plant
retirements
Total $ (66) $ (117) 
107
Table of Contents
Nuclear Fleet Capacity Factor . The following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the Generation-operated plants, which
reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by Exelon, excluding Salem, which is operated by PSEG Nuclear , LLC and
including the ownership of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility from March 31, 2017. The nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the
table is defin ed as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average
annual mean capacity for that time period. Generation considers capacity factor to be a useful measure to analyze the nuclear fleet
performance between periods. Generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in
accordance with GAAP . However , these measur es are not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not be comparable to other
companies’  presentations or be more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this report.
 2018 2017  2016
Nuclear fleet capacity factor 94.6% 94.1% 94.6%
Refueling outage days 274 293  245
Non-refueling outage days 38 53  63
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense , consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017(a)
Impairment and related charges of certain generating assets(b)$ (432)
Merger and integration costs(c)(68)
Insurance (36)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (22)
BSC costs 13
Plant retirements and divestitures(d)53
Accretion expense (14)
Nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned Salem plant (24)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials(e)(255)
Vacation policy change(f)40
Change in environmental liabilities (45)
Other (45)
Decrease in operating and maintenance expense $ (835)
__________
(a)Includes the ownership of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility from March 31, 2017.
(b)Primarily reflects the impairment of certain wind projects in 2018 and charges to earnings related to impairments as a result of the EGTP assets
in 2017.
(c)Primarily reflects merger and integration costs associated with the PHI and FitzPatrick acquisitions, including, if and when applicable,
professional fees, employee-related expenses and integration activities.
(d)Primarily represents the announcement to early retire the Oyster Creek nuclear facility, a charge associated with a remeasurement of the Oyster
Creek ARO compared to the previous decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility in 2017.
(e)Primarily reflects decreased spending related to energy efficiency projects and decreased costs related to the sale of Generation's electrical
contracting business.
(f)Primarily reflects the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in Exelon's vacation vesting policy.
108
Table of Contents
 Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016(a)
Impairment and related charges of certain generating assets (b)$ 307
Merger and integration costs 13
ARO update(c)84
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense(c)10
BSC costs 23
Plant retirements and divestitures(d)127
Accretion expense(e)35
Nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned Salem plant(f)104
Merger commitments(g)(53)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials(h)38
Cost management program (2)
Curtailment of Generation growth and development activities(i)(24)
Vacation policy change(j)(40)
Allowance for uncollectible accounts 33
Change in environmental liabilities 44
Other (63)
Increase in operating and maintenance expense $ 636
__________
(a)Includes the ownership of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility from March 31, 2017.
(b)Primarily reflects charges to earnings related to impairments as a result of the EGTP assets in 2017 and impairment of Upstream assets and
certain wind projects in 2016.
(c)Primarily reflects the non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory
units in 2017 compared to 2016.
(d)Primarily represents the announcement of the early retirement of the TMI nuclear facility in 2017 compared to the previous decision to early
retire the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear facilities in 2016.
(e)Reflects the impact of increased accretion expenses primarily due to the acquisition of FitzPatrick on March 31, 2017.
(f)Primarily reflects an increase in the number of nuclear outage days during 2017 compared to 2016.
(g)Primarily represents costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the PHI merger during 2016.
(h)Reflects increased salaries, wages and contracting costs primarily related to the acquisition of the FitzPatrick nuclear facility beginning on March
31, 2017.
(i)Reflects the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to Generation's strategic decision in the
fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
(j)Represents the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in Exelon's vacation vesting policy.
Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the year ended December 31, 2017
increased primarily due to accelerated depreciati on and amortization expenses associated with the decision to early retire the Oyster
Creek nuclear facility in 2018 compared to the previous decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility in 2017.
Depreciation and amortization expense  for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the year ended December 31, 2016
decreased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and increased nuclear decommissioning amortization related to the previous
decision to early retire the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear facilities in 2016 compared to the decision to early retire the TMI nuclear
facility in 2017.
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses  for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the year ended December 31,
2017  increased due to Generation's 2018 sale of its electrical contracting business.
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses  for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the year ended December 31,
2016  increased primarily due to certain Generation projects and contracts being terminated or renegotiated in 2016, partially offset
by a gain associated with Generation's sale of the retired New Boston generating site in 2016.
109
Table of Contents
Bargain purchase gain for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the year ended December 31, 2017 . decreased as a
result of the gain associa ted with the FitzPatrick acquisition. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Gain on deconsolidatio n of business for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the year ended December 31, 2017
decreased due to the deconsolidation of EGTP's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a
result of the November 2017 bankruptcy filing. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other , Net decreased primarily due to the net decrease in unrealized gains related to the NDT funds of Generation’ s Non-Regulatory
Agreement Units as described in the table below .  Other , net also reflects $45 million, $209 million and $80 million for the years
ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  respectively , related to the contractual elimina tion of income tax expense (benefit)
associated with the NDT funds of the Regulator y Agreement Units. See Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding NDT  funds.
The following table provides unrealized and realized gains (losses) on the NDT  funds of the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units:
 2018  2017  2016
Net unrealized (losses) gains on NDT  funds $ (483) $ 521  $ 194
Net realized gains on sale of NDT  funds 180  95 35
Effective income tax rates  were (29.5)% , (94.6)%  and 32.9%  for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively . The increase is primarily related to impacts associated with the one-time remeasu rement of deferred income taxes in
2017 as a result of the TCJA. See Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information of the change in the ef fective income tax rate.
110
Table of Contents
Results of Operations—ComEd
 2018 2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 5,882 $ 5,536 $ 346 $ 5,254 $ 282
Purchased power expense 2,155 1,641 (514) 1,458 (183)
Revenues net of purchased power expense 3,727 3,895 (168) 3,796 99
Other operating expenses      
Operating and maintenance 1,335 1,427 92 1,530 103
Depreciation and amortization 940 850 (90) 775 (75)
Taxes other than income 311 296 (15) 293 (3)
Total other operating expenses 2,586 2,573 (13) 2,598 25
Gain on sales of assets 5 1 4 7 (6)
Operating income 1,146 1,323 (177) 1,205 118
Other income and (deductions)      
Interest expense, net (347) (361) 14 (461) 100
Other , net 33 22 11 (65) 87
Total other income and (deductions) (314) (339) 25 (526) 187
Income before income taxes 832 984 (152) 679 305
Income taxes 168 417 249 301 (116)
Net income $ 664 $ 567 $ 97 $ 378 $ 189
Year Ended  December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income  increased by $97 million  primarily
due to higher electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment).
The TCJA did not significantly impact Net income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues
resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income  increa sed $189 million prima rily due
to the recognition of the penalty and the after-tax interest due on the asserted penalty related to the Tax Court's decision on Exelon's
like-kind exchange tax position in 2016 and increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings (reflecting the
impacts of increased capital investment and higher allowed electric distribution ROE). The higher Net income was partially offset by
the impact of weather conditions in 2016. See Revenue Decoupling discussion below for additional information on the impact of
weather .
Revenues Net of Purchased Power Expense.  There are certain drivers of Operating revenues  that are fully offset by their impact
on Purchased power expense, such as commodity , REC and ZEC procurement costs and participation in customer choice
programs. ComEd recovers electricity , REC and ZEC procurement costs from customers without mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in
these costs have no impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier . Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries, but do impact Operating revenues related to supplied electricity .
111
Table of Contents
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Weather(a)$ — $ (36)
Volume(a)— (5)
Pricing and customer mix(a)— (18)
Electric distribution revenue (127) 170
Transmission revenue (43) 60
Energy ef ficiency revenue(b)47 16
Regulatory required programs(b)(97) (85)
Uncollectible accounts recovery , net 6 (7)
Other 46 4
Total (decrease) increase $ (168)$ 99
__________
(a)For the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, the changes reflect the 2016 impacts of weather, volume and
pricing and customer mix. Pursuant to the revenue decoupling provision in FEJA, ComEd began recording an adjustment to revenue in the first
quarter of 2017 to eliminate the favorable or unfavorable impacts associated with variations in delivery volumes associated with above or below
normal weather, number of customers or usage per customer.
(b)Beginning June 1, 2017, ComEd is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency
formula rate over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather  and customer usage. However , beginning January 1, 2017,
Operating revenues are not impacted by abnorm al weather , usage per customer or number of customers as a result of a change to
the electric distribution formula rate pursuant to FEJA.
Distribution Revenue. EIMA  and FEJA  provide for a performance-based  formula rate, which requires an annual reconcil iation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered
and allowed ROE. Durin g the year ended December 31, 2018 , as compare d to the same period in 2017 , electric distribution revenue
decreased $127 million, prima rily due to the impact of the lower federal income tax rate, partially offset by increased revenues due to
higher rate base and increased Depreciation expense. During the year ended December 31, 2017 , as compare d to the same period
in 2016 , electric distribution revenue increased $170 million, primarily due to increased capital investment, increased Depreciation
expense, higher allowed  ROE due to an increa se in treasury rates and revenue decoupling impacts (as described above). See
Operating and Maintenance Expense below and Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Finan cial
Statements for additional information.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018 , primarily due to decreased peak
load and the impact of the lower federal tax rate, partially offset by increased revenues due to higher rate base and increased
Depreciation expense. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2017 , primarily due to increased capital
investment, higher Depreciation expense, and increased highest daily peak load. See Operatin g and Maintenance Expense below
and Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Energy Efficiency Revenue. Beginning June 1, 2017, FEJA  provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an
annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determ ines are prudently and reasonably
incurred in a given year. Under FEJA, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying
costs, investments being recovered, and allowed ROE. See Depreciation and amortization expense discussions below and Note 4
— Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
112
Table of Contents
Regulatory Required Programs represent revenues collected under approved rate riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as purchased power administrative costs and energy efficiency and demand response through June 1, 2017
pursuant to FEJA. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery . The costs of such programs are included in
Operating and maintenance expense. Revenues from regulatory programs decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018 , as
compared to the same period in 2017 , and for the year ende d December 31, 2017 , as compared to the same period in 2016 ,
primarily due to the fact that beginning on June 1, 2017, ComEd is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be
recovered through the energy ef ficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life of the related energy ef ficiency measures.
Uncollectible Account s Recovery , Net repre sents recoveries under the uncollectible accounts tariff. See Operating and
maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tarif f.
Other revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of
environmental costs associated with MGP  sites. The increase in Other revenue for the years ended December 31, 2018, as
compared to the same period in 2017  primarily reflects mutual assistance revenues associated with hurricane and winter storm
restoration efforts. An equal and offsetting amou nt has been included in Operating and maintena nce expense and Taxes other than
income.
See Note 24 — Segment Information  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for the presentation of ComEd's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Baseline   
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials(a)$ 20 $ (41)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense — 3
Storm costs (19) 2
Uncollectible accounts expense—provision(b)5 (6)
Uncollectible accounts expense—recovery , net(b)1 (1)
BSC costs(a)(c)(5) 44
Other(a)3 (19)
 5 (18)
Regulatory required programs   
Energy ef ficiency and demand response programs(d)(97) (85)
Decrease in operating and maintenance expense $ (92) $ (103)
__________
(a)Includes costs associated with mutual assistance provided to other utilities in 2018. An equal and offsetting increase has been recognized in
Operating revenues for the period presented.
(b)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts
collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. An equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in Operating revenues for the
periods presented.
(c)For the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily reflects increased information technology support services from BSC and includes the $8
million write-off of a regulatory asset related to Constellation merger and integration costs for which recovery is no longer expected.
(d)Beginning June 1, 2017 ComEd is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency
over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
113
Table of Contents
The increases in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase
2018 vs. 2017Increase
2017 vs. 2016
Depreciation expense(a)$ 36 $ 60
Regulatory asset amortization(b)53 7
Other 1 8
Total increase $ 90 $ 75
__________
(a)Primarily reflects ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)Beginning in June 2017, includes amortization of ComEd's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
The decrease in Interest expense , net, for the year ended 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 , and for the year ended 2017
compared to the same period in 2016 , consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Interest expense related to uncertain tax positions(a)$ (13) $ (104)
Interest expense on debt (including financing trusts) 2 6
Other (3) (2)
Decrease in interest expense, net $ (14) $ (100)
__________
(a)Primarily reflects the recognition of after-tax interest related to the Tax Court's decision on Exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in the 2016
and 2017. See Note 14—Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The increase in Other , net, for the year ended 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 , and for the year ended  2017  comp ared
to the same period in 2016 , consisted of the following:
 Increase
2018 vs. 2017 Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Other income and deductions, net(a)$ 1 $ 88
AFUDC equity 7 (2)
Other 3 1
Increase (decrease) in Other , net $ 11 $ 87
__________
(a)Primarily reflects the recognition of the penalty related to the Tax Court's decision on Exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in 2016.
Effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , were  20.2% , 42.4%  and 44.3% , respectivel y.
The decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2018 , compared to the same period in 2017  is
primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the TCJA. The decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year
ended December 31, 2017 , comp ared to the same period in 2016  is primarily due to the recognition of a non-deductible penalty
related to the Tax Court's decision on Exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in the third quart er of 2016. See Note 14 — Income
Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the
effective income tax rates.
114
Table of Contents
Results of Operations—PECO
 2018  2017  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 3,038  $ 2,870  $ 168  $ 2,994  $ (124)
Purchased power and fuel expense 1,090  969  (121) 1,047  78
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel
expense 1,948  1,901  47 1,947  (46)
Other operating expenses     
Operating and maintenance 898  806  (92) 811  5
Depreciation and amortization 301  286  (15) 270  (16)
Taxes other than income 163  154  (9) 164  10
Total other operating expenses 1,362  1,246  (116) 1,245  (1)
Gain on sales of assets 1 — 1 — —
Operating income 587  655  (68) 702  (47)
Other income and (deductions)     
Interest expense, net (129) (126) (3) (123) (3)
Other , net 8 9 (1) 8 1
Total other income and (deductions) (121) (117) (4) (115) (2)
Income before income taxes 466  538  (72) 587  (49)
Income taxes 6 104  98 149  45
Net income $ 460  $ 434  $ 26 $ 438  $ (4)
Year Ended  December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income  was higher due to favorable weather
and volumes. The TCJA  did not significantly impact Net Income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly offset by
lower revenues resulting from the requirement to pass back the tax savings through customer rates.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income  was lower primarily due to
unfavorable weather . The TCJA  did not significantly impact Net Income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly
offset by lower revenues resulting from the requirement to pass back the tax savings through customer rates.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. There are certain driver s of Operating revenues  that are fully offset by
their impact on Purchased power and fuel expenses such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation in customer
choice progr ams. PECO 's recovers electricity , natural gas and REC procurement costs from customers without mark-up. Therefore,
fluctuations in these costs have no impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or RNF, but impact Operating revenues related to supplied
electricity and natural gas.
115
Table of Contents
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 2018 vs. 2017  2017 vs. 2016
 Increase (Decrease)  Increase (Decrease)
 Electric  Gas  Total  Electric Gas Total
Weather $ 39 $ 22 $ 61 $ (28)$ 4$ (24)
Volume 37 4 41 (18) 3 (15)
Pricing (75) (1) (76) 8 2 10
Regulatory required programs 11 — 11 (31) — (31)
Other 14 (4) 10 14 — 14
Total increase (decrease) $ 26 $ 21 $ 47 $ (55)$ 9$ (46)
Weather . The demand for electric ity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric business, very
warm weath er in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months
are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and
natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. For the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in
2017  RNF was increased by the impact of favorable weather conditions in PECO's service territory . For the year ended
December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  RNF was reduced by the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in
PECO’ s service territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based  on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in
PECO’ s service territor y. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in PECO’ s service territory for the years ended
December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017  comp ared to the same periods in 2017  and 2016 , respe ctively , and norm al weather
consisted of the following:
 For the Years Ended December 31,    % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2018  2017  Normal  2018 vs. 2017  2018 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,539  3,949  4,487  14.9 % 1.2 %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,584  1,490  1,411  6.3 % 12.3 %
     
 For the Years Ended December 31,    % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2017  2016  Normal  2017 vs. 2016  2017 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 3,949  4,041  4,603  (2.3)% (14.2 )%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,490  1,726  1,290  (13.7 )% 15.5 %
Volume.  Delivery volume, exclus ive of the effects of weather , for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period
in 2017 , was driven  by electric and primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth partially offset by the
impact of energy efficiency initiatives on custom er usages primarily in the residential class. Additionally , the increase represents a
shift in the volume profile across classes from the commercial and industrial classes to the residential class.
Delivery volume, exclusi ve of the effects of weather , for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016,
was driven by electric and primarily reflects the impact of energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages for residential and small
commercial and industrial electric classes, partia lly offset by solid customer growth. Additionally , the decrease represents a shift in
the volume profile across classes from residential and small commercial and industrial to large commercial and industrial.
116
Table of Contents
Electric Retail Deliveries to
Customers (in GWhs) 2018 2017% Change
2018 vs. 2017 Weather -
Normal %
Change 2016% Change
2017 vs. 2016 Weather -
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries (a)        
Residential 14,005 13,024 7.5 % 3.5 % 13,664 (4.7)% (1.8)%
Small commercial &
industrial 8,177 7,968 2.6 % 0.2 % 8,099 (1.6)% (1.1)%
Large commercial &
industrial 15,516 15,426 0.6 % 0.4 % 15,263 1.1 % 1.4 %
Public authorities & electric
railroads 761 809 (5.9)% (5.6)% 890 (9.1)% (9.1)%
Total electric retail deliveries 38,459 37,227 3.3 % 1.4 % 37,916 (1.8)% (0.5)%
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2018  2017  2016
Residential 1,480,925  1,469,916  1,456,585
Small commercial & industrial 152,797  151,552  150,142
Large commercial & industrial 3,118  3,112  3,096
Public authorities & electric railroads 9,565  9,569  9,823
Total 1,646,405  1,634,149  1,619,646
Natural Gas Deliveries to
customers (in mmcf) 2018  2017  % Change
2018 vs. 2017Weather-
Normal %
Change 2016% Change
2017 vs. 2016 Weather-
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries (a)      
Residential 43,450  37,919  14.6% 1.8 % 36,872 2.8 % 0.6 %
Small commercial &
industrial 21,997  20,515  7.2% (0.4)% 19,525 5.1 % 1.9 %
Large commercial &
industrial 65 23 182.6 % 175.8  % 50 (54.0 )% 28.3 %
Transportation 26,595  26,382  0.8% (3.2)% 27,630 (4.5)% (2.3)%
Total natural gas deliveries 92,107  84,839  8.6% (0.2)% 84,077 0.9 % 0.1 %
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2018  2017  2016
Residential 482,255  477,213  472,606
Small commercial & industrial 44,170  43,887  43,664
Large commercial & industrial 1 5 4
Transportation 754  771  790
Total 527,180  521,876  517,064
Pricing for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  reflec ts the anticipated pass back of the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act tax savings through customer rates.
117
Table of Contents
The increase in Operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of pricing for the year ended
December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  reflec ts higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage in the
residential and small commercial and industrial  customer classes. Operating revenues net of fuel expense as a result of pricing
remained relatively consistent. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as smart meter , energy efficiency and the GSA. The riders are designed to provi de full and current cost recovery as
well as a return. The costs of these programs are included in Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization
expense and Income taxes.
Other reven ue includes rental revenue , revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and wholesale
transmission revenue.
See Note 24—Segment Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of PECO's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Baseline
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials $ 10 $ 17
Storm-related costs (a)63 (7)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (7) (3)
BSC costs — 4
Uncollectible accounts expense 7 (5)
Other 9 —
 82 6
Regulatory required programs
Energy ef ficiency 10 (10)
Other — (1)
 10 (11)
Increase (decrease) in operating and maintenance expense $ 92 $ (5)
__________
(a) Reflects increased costs incurred from the Q1 2018 winter storms.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Depreciation expense (a)$ 13 $ 17
Regulatory asset amortization 2 (1)
Increase in depreciation and amortization expense $ 15 $ 16
__________
(a) Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other than incom e increased for the year ended December 31, 2018 , compared to the same period in 2017 , primarily due to
an increase in gross receipts tax driven by increased electric revenue.
Taxes other than income decreased for the year ended December 31, 2017 , comp ared to the same period in 2016 , prima rily due to a
decrease in gross receipts tax driven by decreases in electric revenue.
118
Table of Contents
Effective income tax rates  were 1.3% , 19.3%  and 25.4%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively .
The decrease is primari ly due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the TCJA. See Note 14 — Income Taxes  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of the change in ef fective income tax rates.
Results of Operations—BGE
 2018  2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 3,169  $ 3,176 $ (7)$ 3,233 $ (57)
Purchased power and fuel expense 1,182  1,133 (49) 1,294 161
Revenues net of purchased power
and fuel expense 1,987  2,043 (56) 1,939 104
Other operating expenses    
Operating and maintenance 777  716 (61) 737 21
Depreciation and amortization 483  473 (10) 423 (50)
Taxes other than income 254  240 (14) 229 (11)
Total other operating
expenses 1,514  1,429 (85) 1,389 (40)
Gain on sales of assets 1 — 1 — —
Operating income 474  614 (140) 550 64
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (106) (105) (1) (103) (2)
Other , net 19 16 3 21 (5)
Total other income and
(deductions) (87) (89) 2 (82) (7)
Income before income taxes 387  525 (138) 468 57
Income taxes 74 218 144 174 (44)
Net income 313  307 6 294 13
Preference stock dividends — — — 8 8
Net income attributable to common
shareholder $ 313  $ 307 $ 6$ 286 $ 21
Year Ended December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income attributable to common
shareholder  increased by $6 million  primarily due to an incre ase in transmission formula rate revenues and the absence of the 2017
impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets offset by increased storm restoration costs as a result of
storms in March 2018 and September 2018. The TCJA  did not significantly impact Net income attributable to common shareholder
as the favorable income  tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings
through customer rates.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income attributable to common
shareholder  increased by $21 million  primarily due to the impacts of the electric and natural gas distribution rate orders issued by
the MDPSC in June 2016 and July 2016, an increase in transmission formula rate revenues, the absence of cost disallowances
resulting from the 2016 distribution rate orders issued by the MDPSC, and decreased storm costs in 2017. These increases were
partially offset by the favorable 2016 settlement of the Baltimore City conduit fee dispute, the initiation of cost recovery of the AMI
programs under the distribution rate orders and increased capital investment, higher income tax expense primarily resulting from
higher taxable income as well as a 2016 favorable adjustment, and the 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax
regulatory assets.
119
Table of Contents
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. There are certain driver s to Operating revenues  that are fully offset by
their impact on Purchased power and fuel expe nse, such as commodity procurement costs and participation in customer choice
programs. BGE recove rs electricity , natural gas and other procurement costs from custo mers without mark-up. Therefore,
fluctuations in these costs have no impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from electric generation and natural gas competitive suppliers.
Customer choice progra ms do not impact the volume of deliveries or RNF but impact Oper ating revenues related to supplied
electricity and natural gas.
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 2018 vs. 2017  2017 vs. 2016
 Increase (Decrease)  Increase (Decrease)
 Electric  Gas  Total  Electric Gas  Total
Distribution rate increase (decrease) $ (62) $ (28) $ (90) $ 21 $ 29 $ 50
Regulatory required programs 2 2 4 17 3 20
Transmission revenue 15 — 15 18 — 18
Other , net 5 10 15 5 11 16
Total (decrease) increase $ (40) $ (16)$ (56) $ 61 $ 43 $ 104
Revenue Decoupling. The demand  for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating
revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) that
provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal
weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2018  2017  2016
Residential 1,168,372  1,160,783  1,150,096
Small commercial & industrial 113,915  113,594  113,230
Large commercial & industrial 12,253  12,155  12,053
Public authorities & electric railroads 262  272  280
Total 1,294,802  1,286,804  1,275,659
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2018  2017  2016
Residential 633,757  629,690  623,647
Small commercial & industrial 38,332  38,392  37,941
Large commercial & industrial 5,954  5,855  6,314
Total 678,043  673,937  667,902
Distribution Revenues decreased during the year ended December 31, 2018 , comp ared to the same period in 2017 , prima rily due
to the impact of reduced distribution rates to reflect the lower federal income tax rate and increased during the year ended
December 31, 2017 , compared to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to the impact of the electric and natural gas distribution
rate changes that becam e effective in June 2016 in accordance with the electric and natural gas distribution rate case orders in June
2016 and July 2016 . See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as conservation, demand response, STRIDE, and the POLR mechanism. The riders are
120
Table of Contents
designed to provide full and current cost recover y, as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included
in Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense and Taxes other than income.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased during the years ended December 31, 2018  and 2017  primarily due to
increases in capital investment and operating and maintenance expense recoveries. See Operating and maintenance expense
below and Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other reven ue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service
application fees.
See Note 24 — Segment Information  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial Statements for the presentation of BGE's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Baseline  
Impairment on long-lived assets and losses on regulatory assets(a)$ — $ (50)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials 18 (11)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (2) —
Storm-related costs(b)39 (13)
Uncollectible accounts expense 2 7
BSC costs 7 16
Conduit lease settlement(c)— 15
Other 3 7
 $ 67 $ (29)
Regulatory Required Programs  
Other (6) 8
Total (decrease) increase $ 61 $ (21)
__________
(a)See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Smart Meter and
Smart Grid Investments.
(b)Reflects increased storm restoration costs incurred from storms in Q1 2018 and Q3 2018.
(c)See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
121
Table of Contents
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Depreciation expense(a)$ 25 $ 13
Regulatory asset amortization(b)(24) 25
Regulatory required programs 9 12
Increase in depreciation and amortization expense $ 10 $ 50
__________
(a)Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)Regulatory asset amortization decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to certain
regulatory assets that became fully amortized as of December 31, 2017 and increased for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the
same period in 2016, primarily due to energy efficiency programs and the initiation of cost recovery of the AMI programs under the final electric
and natural gas distribution rate case order issued by the MDPSC in June 2016. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Taxes other than incom e increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 , and for the year
ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to an increase in property taxes.
Effective income tax rates  were 19.1% , 41.5%  and 37.2%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectivel y.
Income taxes decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 , primarily due to the lower
federal incom e tax rate as a result of the TCJA. See Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.
Results of Operations—PHI
PHI’s results  of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, Pepco, DPL and ACE. PHI also has a business
services subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the
applicable subsidiaries. Additionally , the results of PHI's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities.
For "Predec essor" reporting periods, PHI's resul ts of operations also include the results of PES and PCI. See Note 24 — Segment
Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding PHI's reportable
segments. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The followin g tables sets forth PHI's GAAP  Net Income (Loss) by Registrant. As a result of the PHI Merger , the tables present two
separate reporting periods for 2016. The "Pred ecessor" reporting periods represent PHI's results of operations for the period of
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 . The "Succe ssor" repor ting periods represents PHI's results of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2018  and 2017  as well as March 24, 2016 to Dece mber 31, 2016 . See the results of operations for Pepco, DPL, and
ACE for additional information by segment.
 Successor  Predecessor
 For the Years Ended December 31, Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance March 24 to
December 31,  January 1 to
March 23,
 2018  2017   2016  2016
PHI $ 398  $ 362  $ 36 $ (61) $ 19
122
Table of Contents
 For the Years Ended
December 31,Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 varianceFor the Years Ended
December 31,Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance 2018  2017 2017 2016
Pepco $ 210  $ 205 $ 5 $ 205 $ 42 $ 163
DPL 120  121 (1) 121 (9) 130
ACE 75 77 (2) 77 (42) 119
Other(a)(7) (41) 34 (41) n/a n/a
_________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, PHI’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing activities.
Not included for 2016 due to PHI Predecessor periods not being comparable.
Successor Year Ended December 31, 2018  Compared to Successor Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income  increased
by $36 million  primarily due to distributio n rate increases (not reflecting the impact of the TCJA), favorable weather and volume, the
absence of 2017 impairments of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the DC sponsorship intangible asset,
partially offset by an increase in asset retirement obligations primarily related to asbestos identified at the Buzzard Point property
and the deferral of accumulated merger integration cost as regulatory assets in 2017. The TCJA  did not significantly  impact Net
income as the favorable  tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings
through customer rates.
Successor Period of March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 . Net loss for the Successor perio d of March 24, 2016 to Dece mber
31, 2016 was $61 million. There were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting PHI's results of operations  during the
Successor period March 24, 2016 to Dece mber 31, 2016  excep t for the pre-tax recording of $392 million of non-recu rring merge r-
related costs including merger integration and merger commitments within Operating and maintenance expense.
Predecessor Period of January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 . Net income  for the Predecessor period of January 1, 2016 to Marc h
23, 2016 was $19 million. There were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting PHI's results of operations  during the
Predecessor period of January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016  except for the pre-tax recording of $29 million  of non-recurring merger-
related costs within Operating and maintenance expense and $18 million  of preferred stock derivative expense within Other , net.
123
Table of Contents
Results of Operations—Pepco
 2018 2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016  Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 2,239 $ 2,158 $ 81 $ 2,186  $ (28)
Purchased power expense 654 614 (40) 706  92
Revenues net of purchased power expense 1,585 1,544 41 1,480  64
Other operating expenses      
Operating and maintenance 501 454 (47) 642  188
Depreciation and amortization 385 321 (64) 295  (26)
Taxes other than income 379 371 (8) 377  6
Total other operating expenses 1,265 1,146 (119) 1,314  168
Gain on sales of assets — 1 (1) 8 (7)
Operating income 320 399 (79) 174  225
Other income and (deductions)      
Interest expense, net (128) (121) (7) (127) 6
Other , net 31 32 (1) 36 (4)
Total other income and (deductions) (97) (89) (8) (91) 2
Income before income taxes 223 310 (87) 83 227
Income taxes 13 105 92 41 (64)
Net income $ 210 $ 205 $ 5 $ 42 $ 163
Year Ended December 31, 2018  Comp ared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income  increa sed by $5 million primarily due
to higher electric distribu tion base rates (not reflecting the impact of the TCJA) in Maryland that became effective October 2017 and
June 2018 and higher electric distribution base rates (not reflecting the impact of the TCJA) in the District of Columbia that became
effective August 2017 and August 2018, partially offset by an increase in asset retirement obligat ions related primarily to the Buzzard
Point property , deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017 and higher regulatory asset
amortization due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity . The TCJA  did not significantly impact Net income as the
favorable tax impacts were predominantly of fset by lower revenues resulting from pass back of tax savings through customer rates.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income  increased by $163 million prima rily
due to a decrease in Operating and maintenan ce expense due to merger-related costs recognized in March 2016, higher electric
distribution base rates in Maryland that became  effective November 2016 and October 2017 and higher electric distribution base
rates in the District of Columbia that became effective August 2017, partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to increased
depreciation rates in Maryland effective Novemb er 2016. Income taxes expense included unrecognized tax benefits of $21 million for
uncertain tax positions related to the deductibil ity of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. This decrease was
offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $14 million December 2017 impairment of certain transmission related income tax
regulatory assets.
124
Table of Contents
Revenues Net of Purch ased Power Expense. There are certain drivers  of Operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact
on Purchased power expense, such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs.
Pepco recov ers electrici ty and REC procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in these costs
have minimal impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries or RNF , but impact Operating revenues related to supplied electricity .
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Volume $ 12 $ 16
Distribution revenue (3) 66
Regulatory required programs 35 (12)
Transmission revenues — 9
Other (3) (15)
Total increase $ 41 $ 64
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in both Maryland and the District of Columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a
result of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While
Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of
customers.
Volume , exclusive of the effects of weather , increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 ,
and for the year ended 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  primarily due to the impact of residential customer growth.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers2018  2017  2016
Residential 807,442  792,211  780,652
Small commercial & industrial 54,306  53,489  53,529
Large commercial & industrial 22,022  21,732  21,391
Public authorities & electric railroads 150  144  130
Total 883,920  867,576  855,702
Distribution Revenues decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  primarily due to the
impact of reduced distribution rates to reflect the lower federal income tax rate, partially offset by higher electric distribution rates in
Maryland that became effective in October 2017 and June 2018 and higher electric distribution rates in the District of Columbia that
became effective Augus t 2017 and August 2018. Distribution revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared
to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to higher electric distribution rates in Maryland that became effective in November 2016
and October 2017 and higher electric distribution rates in the District of Columbia that became effective August 2017. See Note 4 —
Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energ y efficiency programs, DC PLUG and SOS administrative costs. The riders are designed to provide full and
current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in Operating and
maintenance expense, Depreciation and amorti zation expense and Taxes other than income. Revenues from regulatory required
programs increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  primarily due to increases in the
Maryland and District of Columbia surcharge rates and sales due to higher volumes, as well as the DC PLUG surcharge which
became effective in February 2018. Revenues from regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended December 31, 2017
compared to the same period
125
Table of Contents
in 2016  primarily due to lower demand-side management program surcharge revenue due to a decrease in kWh sales and a rate
decrease ef fective January 2017.
Transmission Revenues.  Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in
2016  due to higher rates ef fective June 2017.
Other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of
other taxes. Other reven ue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  due to lower
pass-through revenue primarily the result of lower sales that resulted in a decrease in utility taxes that are collected by Pepco on
behalf of the jurisdiction.
See Note 24 - Segment Information  for the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for the presentation of Pepco's
revenue disaggregation.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Baseline   
ARO update(a)$ 22 $ —
Merger costs(b)13 (132)
BSC and PHISCO costs(c)9 (24)
 Uncollectible accounts expense 2 (11)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials (2) 15
Write-of f of construction work in progress(d)— (14)
Remeasurement of AMI-related regulatory asset(e) — (7)
Other 4 (9)
 48 (182)
   
Regulatory required programs (1) (6)
Total increase (decrease) $ 47 $ (188)
__________
(a)Reflects an increase primarily related to asbestos identified at the Buzzard Point property. See Note 15 - Asset Retirement Obligations of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)Decrease in 2017 primarily due to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016.
Increase in 2018 primarily due to a deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017.
(c)Decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(d)Primarily resulting from a review of capital projects during the fourth quarter of 2016.
(e)Related to a remeasurement of a regulatory asset for legacy meters recognized in 2016.
126
Table of Contents
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Depreciation expense(a)$ 14 $ 28
Regulatory asset amortization(b)25 8
Regulatory required programs (c)25 (10)
Total increase $ 64 $ 26
_________
(a)Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates in Maryland effective November 2016.
(b)Regulatory asset amortization increased due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity.
(c)Regulatory required programs increased as a result of higher amortization of the DC PLUG regulatory asset.
Taxes other than income  for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  increased primarily due to
an increase in utility taxes that are collected and passed through by Pepco (which is substantially offset in Operating revenues).
Taxes other than income  for the year ended December 31, 2017  comp ared to the same period in 2016  decre ased primarily due to
lower utility taxes that are collected and passe d through by Pepco (which is substantially offset in Operating revenues), partially
offset by higher property taxes.
Gain on sales of assets  for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  decreased primarily due to
the sale of land in May 2016.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same  period in 2017  increased primarily due to
higher outst anding debt. Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016
decreased primarily due to the recording of interest expense for an uncertain tax position in 2016, partially offset by higher
outstanding debt.
Other , net for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  decreased primarily due to the September
2016 reversa l of contributions in aid of constructi on tax gross-up reserves due to the determinatio n that there is no legal obligation to
refund customers per contract term.
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 , and 2016  were 5.8% , 33.9% , and 49.4% , respectively .
The decreas e in the effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same  period in 2017  is
primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the TCJA. See Note 14 — Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates
127
Table of Contents
Results of Operations—DPL
 2018 2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 1,332 $ 1,300 $ 32 $ 1,277 $ 23
Purchased power and fuel expense 561 532 (29) 583 51
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel
expense 771 768 3 694 74
Other operating expenses     
Operating and maintenance 344 315 (29) 441 126
Depreciation and amortization 182 167 (15) 157 (10)
Taxes other than income 56 57 1 55 (2)
Total other operating expenses 582 539 (43) 653 114
Gain on sales of assets 1 — 1 9 (9)
Operating income 190 229 (39) 50 179
Other income and (deductions)     
Interest expense, net (58) (51) (7) (50) (1)
Other , net 10 14 (4) 13 1
Total other income and (deductions) (48) (37) (11) (37) —
Income before income taxes 142 192 (50) 13 179
Income taxes 22 71 49 22 (49)
Net income (loss) $ 120 $ 121 $ (1)$ (9)$ 130
Year Ended December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income remained relatively consistent. The
TCJA  did not significantly impact Net income as the favorable tax impacts were predominately offset by lower revenues resulting
from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net income  increa sed $130 million prima rily due
to merger-re lated costs  recognized in March 2016, higher distribution base rates in Delawa re that became effective July and
December 2016 and higher distribution base rates in Maryland that became effective Febru ary 2017, partially offset by higher
depreciation expense due to increased depreciation rates in Maryland effective February 2017. Income taxes expense included
unrecognized tax benefits of $16 million for unce rtain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the
first quarter of 2017. This decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $6 million December 2017 impairment of
certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. There are certain driver s to Operating revenues  that are fully offset by
their impact on Purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation in customer
choice programs. DPL recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up and natural gas costs
from customers without mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in these costs have minimal impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not
impact the volume of deliveries or RNF , but impact Operating revenues related to supplied electricity .
128
Table of Contents
The changes in RNF consisted of the following:
 2018 vs. 2017 2017 vs. 2016
 Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease)
 Electric Gas Total Electric Gas Total
Weather $ 11 $ 8$ 19 $ (7) $ (13)$ (20)
Volume 7 2 9 2 11 13
Distribution revenue (20) (6) (26) 65 4 69
Regulatory required programs (2) (5) (7) (3) — (3)
Transmission revenues 6 — 6 10 — 10
Other 1 1 2 6 (1) 5
Total increase $ 3$ — $ 3$ 73 $ 1$ 74
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution customers in Maryland are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization
adjustment (BSA) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues from
electric distribution customers in Maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by
changes in the number of customers.
Weather . The demand for electricity and natural gas in Delaware is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in
winter months are referr ed to as "favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditio ns result in increased deliveries of
electricity and natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. During the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the
same period  in 2017 , RNF related to weathe r was higher due to the impact of favorable weather conditions in DPL's Delaware
service territory . During the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016 , RNF related to weather was
lower due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in DPL's Delaware service territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree  days for a 20-year period in DPL's
Delaware electric service territory and a 30-year  period in DPL's Delaware natural gas service territory . The changes in heating and
cooling degree days in DPL’s Delaware service territory for the years ended December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017  compared
to same periods in 2017  and 2016 , respectively , and normal weather consisted of the following:
Delaware Electric Service TerritoryFor the Years Ended December
31,  % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2018  2017  Normal 2018 vs. 2017  2018 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,713  4,203  4,624 12.1 % 1.9 %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,456  1,265  1,210 15.1 % 20.3 %
    
 For the Years Ended December
31,  % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2017  2016  Normal 2017 vs. 2016  2017 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,203  4,454  4,664 (5.6)% (9.9)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,265  1,463  1,193 (13.5 )% 6.0 %
129
Table of Contents
Delaware Natural Gas Service TerritoryFor the Years Ended December
31,  % Change
Heating Degree-Days 2018  2017  Normal 2018 vs. 2017  2018 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,713  4,203  4,716 12.1 % (0.1)%
    
 For the Years Ended December
31,  % Change
Heating Degree-Days 2017  2016  Normal 2017 vs. 2016  2017 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,203  4,454  4,739 (5.6)% (11.3 )%
Volume, exclusive of the effects of weather , increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017
primarily due to the impact of increased average residential customer usage in DPL's Delaware service territory and overall
customer growth. Volume incre ased  for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to
the impact of customer growth.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Delaware
Customers (in GWhs) 2018  2017  % Change
2018 vs. 2017Weather -
Normal %
Change 2016  % Change
2017 vs. 2016 Weather -
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries        
Residential 3,204  2,967  8.0% 1.8% 3,072  (3.4)% 0.9 %
Small commercial & industrial 1,344  1,317  2.1% —% 1,341  (1.8)% (0.2)%
Large commercial & industrial 3,636  3,473  4.7% 3.7% 3,476  (0.1)% 0.9 %
Public authorities & electric railroads 33 32 3.1% 3.4% 35 (8.6)% (7.1)%
Total electric retail deliveries(a) 8,217  7,789  5.5% 2.3% 7,924  (1.7)% 0.7 %
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from DPL and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
 As of December 31,
Number of Total Electric Customers (Maryland and Delaware) 2018  2017  2016
Residential 463,670  459,389  456,181
Small commercial & industrial 61,381  60,697  60,173
Large commercial & industrial 1,406  1,400  1,411
Public authorities & electric railroads 621  629  643
Total 527,078  522,115  518,408
Natural Gas Retail Deliveries to Delaware
Customers (in mmcf) 2018  2017  % Change
2018 vs. 2017 Weather
Normal %
change  2016  % Change
2017 vs. 2016Weather
Normal %
change
Retail Deliveries        
Residential 8,633  7,445  16.0% 3.4 % 7,765  (4.1)% 1.1%
Small commercial & industrial 4,134  3,754  10.1% (1.6)% 3,700  1.5 % 6.5%
Large commercial & industrial 1,952  1,908  2.3% 2.3 % 1,875  1.8 % 1.7%
Transportation 6,831  6,538  4.5% 2.3 % 6,202  5.4 % 6.3%
Total natural gas deliveries(a) 21,550  19,645  9.7% 2.0 % 19,542  0.5 % 3.8%
_________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing natural gas directly from DPL and customers purchasing natural gas from a
competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
130
Table of Contents
 As of December 31,
Number of Delaware Gas Customers 2018  2017  2016
Residential 124,183  122,347  120,951
Small commercial & industrial 9,986  9,833  9,784
Large commercial & industrial 18 20 17
Transportation 156  154  156
Total 134,343  132,354  130,908
Distribution Revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  primarily due to
reduced electric distribution rates and gas distribution rates in Delaware that were put into effect in March 2018 which reflect the
impact of the lower federal income tax rate. Distribution revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the
same period in 2016 , primarily due to higher electric distribution and natural gas distribution base rates in Delawar e that became
effective in July and December 2016 and higher electric distribution base rates in Maryland that became effective in February 2017.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, DE Renewable Portfolio Standards, SOS administrative costs and GCR costs. The
riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are
included in Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense and Taxes other than income.
Transmission Revenues.  Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs,  capital investments being recovered, the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar years. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in
2017  and for the year ended 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  due to higher rates ef fective June 2018 and June 2017.
Other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.
See Note 24 - Segment Information  for the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for the presentation of DPL's
revenue disaggregation.
131
Table of Contents
The changes in  Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Baseline  
  Merger costs(a)$ 7 $ (94)
Energy ef ficiency merger commitments customer credits(b)5 —
  BSC and PHISCO costs(c)4 (15)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials 4 8
  Write-of f of construction work in progress(d)3 (3)
Uncollectible accounts expense 1 (10)
Other 6 (5)
 30 (119)
  
Regulatory required programs (1) (7)
Total increase (decrease) $ 29 $ (126)
_________
(a)Decrease in 2017 primarily due to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016.
Increase in 2018 primarily due to a deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017.
(b)Related to EmPower Maryland energy efficiency customer credits.
(c)Decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(d)Decrease in 2017 primarily related to a review of capital projects in 2016.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Depreciation expense(a)$ 6 $ 14
Regulatory asset amortization (b)18 —
Regulatory required programs(c)(9) (4)
Total increase $ 15 $ 10
_________
(a)Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates in Maryland effective February 2017.
(b)Regulatory asset amortization increased due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity.
(c)Regulatory required programs decreased primarily due to an EmPower Maryland surcharge rate decrease effective January 2018 and 2017.
Gain on sales of assets  for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  decreased primarily due to
the sale of land in July and December 2016.
Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same  period in 2017  increased primarily due to
higher outstanding debt.
Other , net for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  decreased primarily due to lower income
from AFUDC equity .
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  were 15.5% , 37.0%  and 169.2% , respectivel y.
The decreas e in the effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same  period in 2017  is
primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the TCJA. See Note 14 — Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates
132
Table of Contents
Results of Operations—ACE
 2018  2017Favorable
(unfavorable) 2018
vs. 2017 variance 2016Favorable
(unfavorable) 2017
vs. 2016 variance
Operating revenues $ 1,236  $ 1,186 $ 50 $ 1,257 $ (71)
Purchased power expense 616  570 (46) 651 81
Revenues net of purchased power expense 620  616 4 606 10
Other operating expenses    
Operating and maintenance 330  307 (23) 428 121
Depreciation and amortization 136  146 10 165 19
Taxes other than income 5 6 1 7 1
Total other operating expenses 471  459 (12) 600 141
Gain on sales of assets — — — 1 (1)
Operating income 149  157 (8) 7 150
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (64) (61) (3) (62) 1
Other , net 2 7 (5) 9 (2)
Total other income and
(deductions) (62) (54) (8) (53) (1)
Income (loss) before income taxes 87 103 (16) (46) 149
Income taxes 12 26 14 (4) (30)
Net income (loss) $ 75 $ 77 $ (2)$ (42)$ 119
Year Ended December 31, 2018  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 . Net income remained relatively consistent. The
TCJA  did not significantly impact Net income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominately offset by lower revenues
resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
Year Ended December 31, 2017  Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 . Net Income  increased by $119 million  primarily
due to merger-related costs recognized in March 2016 and higher electric distribution base rates effective August 2016 and October
2017 and an increase in transmission formula rate revenues, partially offset by lower custom er usage. Income taxes expense
included unrecognized tax benefits of $22 million for uncerta in tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger
commitments in the first quarter of 2017. This decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the December 2017
impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets of $7 million.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power Expense.  There are certain drivers of Operating revenues  that are fully offset by their impact
on Purchased power expense, such as commodity and REC procurement costs and participation  in customer choice programs. ACE
recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from customers without mark-up. Therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no
impact on RNF .
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs of
supplier do not impact the volume of deliveries or RNF , but impact revenues related to supplied electricity .
133
Table of Contents
The changes in RNF, consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Weather $ 12 $ (3)
Volume 14 (20)
Distribution revenue 2 40
Regulatory required programs (23) (24)
Transmission revenues (4) 22
Other 3 (5)
Total increase $ 4 $ 10
Weather . The demand for electric ity is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric busine ss, very warm weather in
summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather
conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity . Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. During the year ended
December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 , RNF related to weather was higher due to the impact of favorable
weather conditions in ACE's service territory . During the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016 , RNF
related to weather was lower due to the impact of unfavorable winter weather conditions.
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ACE’ s
service territory. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in ACE’ s service territory for the years ended December 31, 2018
and December 31, 2017  compared to same periods in 2017  and 2016 , respectively , and normal weather consisted of the following:
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
Normal % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2018  2017   2018 vs. 2017 2018 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,523  4,206  4,666  7.5 % (3.1)%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,535  1,228  1,135  25.0 % 35.2 %
       
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
Normal % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2017  2016   2017 vs. 2016 2017 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,206  4,487  4,713  (6.3)% (10.8 )%
Cooling Degree-Days 1,228  1,303  1,115  (5.8)% 10.1 %
Volume,  exclusive of the effects of weather , increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 ,
primarily due to higher average residential and commercial usage. Volume, exclusive of the effects of weather , decreased for the
year ended December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016 , prima rily due to lower average customer usag e, partially
offset by the impact of customer growth.
134
Table of Contents
Electric Retail Deliveries to
Customers (in GWhs) 2018 2017% Change
2018 vs. 2017 Weather -
Normal %
Change  2016  % Change
2017 vs. 2016 Weather - Normal
% Change
Retail Deliveries(a)       
Residential 4,185 3,853 8.6% 4.0% 4,153  (7.2)% (6.2)%
Small commercial &
industrial 1,361 1,286 5.8% 3.5% 1,455  (11.6 )% (11.1 )%
Large commercial &
industrial 3,565 3,399 4.9% 3.7% 3,402  (0.1)% 0.4 %
Public authorities &
electric railroads 49 47 4.3% 4.5% 49 (4.1)% (4.1)%
Total retail deliveries 9,160 8,585 6.7% 3.8% 9,059  (5.2)% (4.5)%
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2018  2017  2016
Residential 490,975  487,168  484,240
Small commercial & industrial 61,386  61,013  61,008
Large commercial & industrial 3,515  3,684  3,763
Public authorities & electric railroads 656  636  610
Total 556,532  552,501  549,621
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from ACE and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  primarily due to
higher electr ic distribution base rates that became effective in November 2017, partially offset by the impact of reduced distribution
rates to reflect the lower federal income tax rate. Distribution revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2017  compared to
the same period in 2016 , primarily due to higher electric distribution base rates that became effective in August 2016 and October
2017. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, Societal Benefits Charge, Transition Bonds and BGS administrative costs . The riders
are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are
included in Operating and maintenance expense , Depreciation and amortization expense and Taxes other than income. Revenues
from regulat ory programs decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017 , and for the year
ended 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  due to rate decreases effective October 2017 and 2016 respectively for the ACE
Transition Bonds.
Transmission Revenues. Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs,  capital investments being recovered, the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same  period in
2017  primarily due to the impact of the lower federal income tax rate. Transmission revenue increased for the year ended
December 31, 2017  compared to the same period in 2016  due to higher rates effective June 2017 and June 2016 related to
increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses.
Other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of
other taxes.
See Note 24 - Segment Information  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of ACE's
revenue disaggregation.
135
Table of Contents
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017  Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Baseline   
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials $ 17 $ 9
BSC and PHISCO costs(a)10 (11)
Merger costs(b)7 (120)
Uncollectible accounts expense(c)(8) —
Other (2) 1
 24 (121)
   
Regulatory required programs (1) —
Total increase (decrease) $ 23 $ (121)
_________
(a)Decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(b)Decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016.
Increase in 2018 primarily related to a deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017.
(c)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts
collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. An equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in Operating revenues for the
periods presented.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
 Increase (Decrease)
2018 vs. 2017Increase (Decrease)
2017 vs. 2016
Depreciation expense(a)$ 5$ 6
Regulatory asset amortization(b)5 (2)
Required regulatory programs(c)(20) (24)
Other — 1
Total decrease $ (10)$ (19)
_________
(a)Depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)Regulatory asset amortization increased due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity.
(c)Regulatory required programs decreased due to rate decreases effective October 2017 and 2016 respectively for the ACE Transition Bonds.
Other , net for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  decreased primarily due to lower income
from AFUDC equity .
Effective income tax rates  were 13.8% , 25.2% , and 8.7%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respe ctively .
The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2018  compared to the same period in 2017  primarily due to the lower federal
income tax rate as a result of the TCJA. See Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Exelon activity presented below includes the activity of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, from the PHI Merger effective date of March 24,
2016  through December 31, 2018 . Exelon prior year activity is unadjusted for the ef fects of the
136
Table of Contents
PHI Merger . Due to the application of push-dow n accounting to the PHI entity , PHI's activity is presented in two separate reporting
periods, the legacy PHI activity through March 23, 2016  (Predecess or), and PHI activity for the remainde r of the period after the PHI
merger date (Successor). For each of Pepco, DPL and ACE the activity presented below include its activity for the years ended
December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 . All results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a
GAAP  basis.
The Registrants’  operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as
well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. The Registrants’  businesses are capital
intensive and require considerable capital resources. Each Registrant’ s access to external financing on reasonable terms depends
on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. If these
conditions deteriorate to the extent that the Registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the
Registrants have access to unsecured revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $9 billion . In addition,
Generation has $545 million  in bilateral facilities with banks which have various expirations between October 2019 and April 2021
and $159  in credit facilities for project finance. The Registrants utilize their credit facilities to suppor t their commercial paper
programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. See the “Credit Matters” section below for additional
information. The Registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure
requirements.
The Registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction
expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing
ventures. The Registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-
term return on investment. Additionally , ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE operate in rate-regulated environments in which
the amount of new inves tment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of
time. See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Com bined Note s to Consolidated Finan cial Statements for additional
information of the Registrants’  debt and credit agreements.
NRC Minimum Funding Requirements
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be
available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility . These NRC minimum funding levels are based upon the
assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed  life of each unit. If a unit fails the
NRC minimum funding test, then the plant’ s owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial
guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash  contributions to the NDT fund to
ensure sufficient funds are available. See Note 15 - Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financi al
Statements for additional information on the NRC minimum funding requirements.
If a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the NRC minimu m funding requirements due to the
earlier comm encement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the NDT funds could appreciate in value.
A shortfall could requir e that Generation address the shortfall by, among other things, obtaining a parental guarantee for
Generation’ s share of the funding assurance. However , the amount of any guarantees or other assurance will ultimately depend on
the decommissioning approach, the associated level of costs, and the NDT fund investment performance going forward. Within two
years after shutting down a plant, Generation must submit a post-shutdown decommissioning activities report (PSDAR) to the NRC
that includes the planned option for decommissioning the site. As discussed in Note 15 - Asset Retire ment Obligations  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Generation filed its annual decommissioning funding status report with the
NRC on March 28, 2018 for shutdown reactors and reactors within five years of shutdown. As of December 31, 2018 , across the
alternative decommissioning approaches availa ble, Exelon would not be required to post a parental guarantee for TMI or Oyster
Creek. In the event PSEG decides to early retire Salem, Generation estimates a parental guarantee of up to $30 million  from Exelon
could be required for Salem, dependent upon the ultimate decommissioning approach selected.
Upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective NDT funds for radiological
decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. However , the NRC must approve
an additiona l exemption in order for the plant’ s owner(s) to utilize the NDT fund to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs
(i.e., spent fuel managem ent and site restoration costs). If a unit does not receive this exemptio n, the costs would be borne by the
owner(s). While the ultimate amounts may vary
137
Table of Contents
greatly and could be reduced by alternate decommissioning scenarios and/or reimbursement of certain costs under the DOE
reimbursement agreements or future litigation, across the alternative decommissioning approaches available, if TMI were to fail to
obtain the exemption, Generation estimates it could incur spent fuel management and site restoration costs over the next ten years
of up to $125 million  net of taxes , dependent upon the ultimate deco mmissioning approach selected. In the event PSEG decides to
early retire Salem and Salem were to fail to obtain the exemption, Generation estimates it could incur spent fuel management and
site restoration costs over the next ten years of up to $90 million net of taxes . On October 19, 2018, the NRC granted Generation's
exemption request to use the Oyster Creek NDT  funds for non-radiological decommissioning costs.
On July 31, 2018, Generation entered into an agreement for the sale of Oyster Creek which is expected to occur in the second half
of 2019. See Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information on the sale of Oyster Creek to Holtec.
Junior Subordinated Notes
In June 2014, Exelon issued $1.15 billion of junior subordinated notes in the form of 23 million  equity units at a stated amount of
$50.00 per unit. Each equity unit represented an undivided beneficial ownership interest in Exelon’ s $1.15 billion of 2.50% junior
subordinated notes due in 2024 (“2024 notes”) and a forward equity purchase contract.  As contemplated in the June 2014 equity
unit structure , in April 2017, Exelon completed the remarketing of the 2024 notes into $1.15 billion of 3.497% junior subordinated
notes due in 2022 (“Rem arketing”).  Exelon conducted the Remarketing on behalf of the holders  of equity units and did not directly
receive any proceeds therefrom. Instead, the former holders of the 2024 notes used debt remarketing proceeds towards settling the
forward equity purchase contract with Exelon on June 1, 2017. Exelon issued approximately 33 million  shares of common stock from
treasury stock and received $1.15 billion upon settlement of the forward equity purchase contr act. When reissuing treasury stock
Exelon uses the average  price paid to repurchase shares to calculate a gain or loss on issuance and records gains or losses directly
to retained earnings. A loss on reissuance of treasury shares of $1.05 billion was recorded to retained earnings as of December 31,
2017 . See Note 20 — Earnings Per Share  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
the issuance of common stock.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
General
Generation’ s cash flows from operating activitie s primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and
services to customers. Generation’ s future cash flows from operating activities may be affected  by future demand for and market
prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from
customers.
The Utility Registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in
the case of PECO, BGE and DPL, gas distribution services. The Utility Registrants' distribution services are provided to an
established and diverse base of retail customers. The Utility Registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy , weather
conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers,
and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
138
Table of Contents
The following table provides a summary of the major items affecting Exelon’ s cash flows from operations for the years ended
December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 :
 2018  2017  2018 vs. 2017
Variance 2016  2017 vs. 2016
Variance
Net income $ 2,084  $ 3,876  $ (1,792 )$ 1,196  $ 2,680
Add (subtract):       
Non-cash operating activities(a)7,580  5,445  2,135 7,714  (2,269 )
Pension and non-pension
postretirement benefit
contributions (383) (405) 22 (397) (8)
Income taxes 340  299  41 576  (277)
Changes in working capital and other
noncurrent assets and liabilities(b)(1,016 ) (1,605 ) 589 (243) (1,362 )
Option premiums received (paid),
net (43) 28 (71) (66)— 94
Collateral received
(posted), net 82 (158) 240 931  (1,089 )
Deposit with IRS — — — (1,250 ) 1,250
Net cash flows provided by operations $ 8,644  $ 7,480  $ 1,164 $ 8,461  $ (981)
__________
(a)Represents depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion, net fair value changes related to derivatives, deferred income taxes, provision
for uncollectible accounts, pension and non-pension postretirement benefit expense, equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates
and investments, decommissioning-related items, stock compensation expense, impairment of long-lived assets, gain on sale of assets and
businesses and other non-cash charges. See Note 23 —Supplemental Financial Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on non-cash operating activity.
(b)Changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities exclude the changes in commercial paper, income taxes and the current
portion of long-term debt.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of (1) $300 million  until all the qualified plans are
fully funded on an ABO basis, and (2) the minim um amounts under ERISA  to meet minimum contribution requirements and/or avoid
benefit restrictions and at-risk status. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension
contributions. Unlike the qualified pension plans,  Exelon’ s non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject
to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While other postretireme nt plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its
plans. For Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has
historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its other postretirement benefit plans, including
liabilities management, levels of benefit claims  paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory
expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
139
Table of Contents
The following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2019:
 Qualified Pension Plans Non-Qualified Pension
Plans  Other
Postretirement
Benefits
Exelon $ 301  $ 25 $ 44
Generation 135  7 13
ComEd 65 1 2
PECO 25 1 —
BGE 34 1 15
BSC 41 7 2
PHI 1 8 12
Pepco — 2 10
DPL — 1 —
ACE — — 1
PHISCO 1 5 1
To the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and OPEB plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual
pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. Conversely , to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the
pension and OPEB plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and OPEB contribution requirements in
future years could decrease. Additionally , expected contributions could change if Exelon changes its pension or OPEB funding
strategy .
Cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant were as follows:
 2018  2017  2016
Exelon $ 8,644  $ 7,480  $ 8,461
Generation 3,861  3,299  4,442
ComEd 1,749  1,527  2,505
PECO 739  755  829
BGE 789  821  945
Pepco 474  407  651
DPL 352  321  310
ACE 228  206  385
 Successor  Predecessor
 2018 2017March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016 January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
PHI $ 1,132 $ 950 $ 888  $ 264
Changes in Registrants' cash flows from opera tions for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were generally consistent with changes in each
Registrant’ s respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business. In addition,
significant operating cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2018 , 2017  and 2016  were as follows:
Generation
•Depending upon whether Generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collater al may be required to be
posted with or collected from its counterpartie s. In addition, the collateral posting and collec tion requirements differ
depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the OTC
140
Table of Contents
markets. During 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Generation had net collections (payments) of counterparty cash collateral of $64
million , $(129) million  and $923 million , respectively , primarily due to market conditions that resulted in changes to
Generation’ s net mark-to-market position.
•During 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Generation had net (payments) collections of approximately $(43) million , $28 million  and
$(66) million , respectivel y, related to purchases and sales of options. The level of option activity in a given year may vary
due to several factors, including changes in market conditions as well as changes in hedging strategy .
For additional information regarding changes in non-cash operating activities, see Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant were as follows:
 2018 2017 2016
Exelon $ (7,834 )$ (7,971 )$ (15,450 )
Generation (2,531 ) (2,662 ) (3,816 )
ComEd (2,097 ) (2,230 ) (2,685 )
PECO (840) (597) (797)
BGE (950) (875) (910)
Pepco (654) (628) (616)
DPL (362) (429) (336)
ACE (334) (313) (307)
 Successor  Predecessor
 2018 2017March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
PHI $ (1,371 )$ (1,397 )$ (993) $ (346)
Significant investing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2018 , 2017  and 2016  were as follows:
Exelon
•During 2016, Exelon had expenditures of $6.6 billion related to the PHI merger .
•During 2016, Exelon had proceeds of $360 million as a result of early termination of direct financing leases.
Exelon and Generation
•During 2018, Exelon and Generation had expenditures of $81 million and $57 related to the acquisitions of the Everett
Marine Terminal and the Handley generating station, respectively .
•During 2018 , Exelon and Generation had proceeds of $85 million relating to the sale of Generation’ s interest in an
electrical contracting business that primarily installs, maintains and repairs underground and high-voltage cable
transmission and distribution services.
•During 2017, Exelon and Generation had additional expenditures of $23 million and $178 million related to the
acquisitions of ConEdison Solutions and the FitzPatrick nuclear generating station, respectively .
•During 2017 , Exelon and Generation had procee ds of $218 million from sales of long-lived assets, primarily related to the
sale back of turbine equipment.
141
Table of Contents
•During 2016, Exelon and Generation had expenditures of $235 million and $58 million relate d to the acquisitions of
ConEdison Solutions and the FitzPatrick nuclear generating station, respectively .
Capital Expenditure Spending
Capital expenditures by Registrant for 2018 , 2017  and 2016  and projected amounts for 2019  are as follows:
 Projected
2019 (a)  2018 2017  2016
Exelon(b)$ 7,325  $ 7,594 $ 7,584  $ 8,553
Generation 1,950  2,242 2,259  3,078
ComEd 1,875  2,126 2,250  2,734
PECO 975  849 732  686
BGE 1,100  959 882  934
Pepco 725  656 628  586
DPL 350  364 428  349
ACE 300  335 312  311
  Successor  Predecessor
 Projected
2019 (a) 2018 2017  March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
PHI(c)$ 1,375 $ 1,375 $ 1,396  $ 1,008  $ 273
__________
(a)Total projected capital expenditures do not include adjustments for non-cash activity. Amounts are rounded to the nearest $25 million.
(b)Includes corporate operations, BSC and PHISCO.
(c)Includes PHISCO.
Projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic
conditions and other factors.
Generation
Approximately 43% and 8% of the proje cted 2019  capital expenditures at Generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel, and the
construction of new natural gas plants and solar facilities, respectively , with the remaining amounts reflecting investment in
renewable energy and additions and upgrade s to existing facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear
refueling outages). Generation anticipates that it will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE
Projected 2019  capital expenditures at the Utility Registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations,
including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as the Utility Registrants'
construction commitments under PJM’ s RTEP.
The Utility Registrants as transmission owner s are subject to NERC compliance requirements. NERC provides guidance to
transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. The results of these assessments could require the Utility
Registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet NERC
standards. In 2010, NERC provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the Utility Registrants perform
assessments of their transmission lines. ComEd, PECO and BGE submitted their final bi-annual reports to NERC in January 2014.
ComEd and PECO will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the
assessments. Specific projects and expenditures  are identified as the assessments are complete d. ComEd’ s and PECO’ s forecasted
2019  capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2019. BGE, DPL and ACE are
complete with their assessments and Pepco has substantially completed its assessment and thus do not expect significant capital
expenditures related to this guidance in 2019 .
142
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and
borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant were as
follows:
 2018  2017 2016
Exelon $ (219) $ 767 $ 1,191
Generation (981) (531) (734)
ComEd 534  789 169
PECO (39) 50 (263)
BGE 156  22 (21)
Pepco 193  219 —
DPL 32 64 67
ACE 105  5 22
 Successor  Predecessor
 2018 2017  March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016 January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
PHI $ 330 $ 306  $ (7) $ 372
143
Table of Contents
Debt
See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  debt issuances and retirements. Debt activity for 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant was as follows:
During 2018 , the following long-term debt was issued:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  3.72% March 31, 2019 $ 4Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Smithsonian Zoo project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  3.17% January 31, 2019 $ 1Funding to install energy conservation
measures in Brooklyn, NY.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)  2.61% September 30, 2018 $ 5Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Pensacola project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)
 4.17% January 31, 2019 $ 1Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the General Services
Administration Philadelphia project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)
 4.26% May 31, 2019 $ 3Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the National Institutes of
Health Multi-Buildings Phase II project.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 124
 4.00% March 1, 2048 $ 800Refinance one series of maturing first
mortgage bonds, to repay a portion of
ComEd’s outstanding commercial paper
obligations and to fund general corporate
purposes
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 125 3.70% August 15, 2028 $ 550Repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds  3.90% March 1, 2048 $ 325Refinance a portion of maturing mortgage
bonds.
PECO Loan Agreement 2.00% June 20, 2023 $ 50Funding to implement Electric Long-term
Infrastructure Improvement Plan
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds 3.90% March 1, 2048 $ 325Satisfy short-term borrowings from the
Exelon intercompany money pool and for
general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 4.25% September 15, 2048 $ 300Repay commercial paper obligations and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 4.27% June 15, 2048 $ 100Repay outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 4.31% November 1, 2048 $ 100Repay outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 4.27% June 15, 2048 $ 200Repay outstanding commercial paper and
for general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds
 4.00% October 15, 2028 $ 350Refinance ACE’s 7.75% First Mortgage
Bonds due November 15, 2018, reduce
short-term borrowings and for general
corporate purposes.
__________
(a)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
144
Table of Contents
During 2017 , the following long term debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity  Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon
CorporateJunior Subordinated
Notes3.50% June 1, 2022 $ 1,150Refinance Exelon's Junior Subordinated
Notes issued in June 2014.
Generation Albany Green Energy
Project Financing(a)LIBOR + 1.25% November 17, 2017 $ 14Albany Green Energy biomass generation
development.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.90%
 February 1, 2018
 $ 19Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Naval Station Great
Lakes project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.72% May 1, 2018 $ 5Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Smithsonian Zoo project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)2.61% September 30, 2018 $ 13Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Pensacola project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.53%
 April 1, 2019
 $ 8Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the State Department
project.
Generation Senior Notes 2.95%
 January 15, 2020
 $ 250Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations and for general corporate
purposes.
Generation Senior Notes 3.40%
 March 15, 2020
 $ 500Repay outstanding commercial paper
obligations and for general corporate
purposes.
Generation ExGen Texas Power
Nonrecourse Debt(b)(c)LIBOR + 4.75% September 18, 2021 $ 6General corporate purposes.
Generation ExGen Renewables IV,
Nonrecourse Debt(b)LIBOR + 3.00% November 30, 2024 $ 850General corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1222.95%
 August 15, 2027
 $ 350Refinance maturing mortgage bonds,
repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1233.75%
 August 15, 2047
 $ 650Refinance maturing mortgage bonds,
repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds3.70% September 15, 2047 $ 325General corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 3.75%
 August 15, 2047
 $ 300Redeem $250 million in principal amount
of the 6.20% Deferrable Interest
Subordinated Debentures due October 15,
2043 issued by BGE's affiliate BGE Capital
Trust II, repay commercial paper
obligations and for general corporate
purposes.
Pepco Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(a)3.30%
 December 15, 2017
 $ 2Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the DOE Germantown
project.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 4.15% March 15, 2043 $ 200Funding to repay outstanding commercial
paper and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
145
Table of Contents
(b)See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
(c)As a result of the bankruptcy filing for EGTP on November 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from Exelon's and Generation's
consolidated financial statements. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
During 2016 , the following long term-debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon
CorporateSenior Unsecured
Notes2.45% April 15, 2021 $ 300 Repay commercial paper issued by PHI
and for general corporate purposes.
Exelon
CorporateSenior Unsecured
Notes3.40% April 15, 2026 $ 750 Repay commercial paper issued by PHI
and for general corporate purposes.
Exelon
CorporateSenior Unsecured
Notes4.45% April 15, 2046 $ 750 Repay commercial paper issued by PHI
and for general corporate purposes.
Generation Renewable Power
Generation
Nonrecourse Debt(a)4.11% March 31, 2035 $ 150
 Paydown long-term debt obligations at
Sacramento PV Energy and Constellation
Solar Horizons and for general corporate
purposes.
Generation Albany Green Energy
Project Financing(b)LIBOR + 1.25% November 17, 2017 $ 98 Albany Green Energy biomass generation
development.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(b)3.17% December 31, 2017 $ 16 Funding to install energy conservation
measures in Brooklyn, NY.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(b)3.90% January 31, 2018 $ 19
 Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Naval Station Great
Lakes project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(b)3.52% April 30, 2018 $ 14 Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Smithsonian Zoo project.
Generation SolGen Nonrecourse
Debt(a)3.93% September 30, 2036 $ 150 General corporate purposes.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(b)3.46% October 1, 2018 $ 36
 Funding to install energy conservation
measures or the Marine Corps Logistics
Base project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(b)2.61% September 30, 2018 $ 4 Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Pensacola project.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1202.55% June 15, 2026 $ 500
 Refinance maturing mortgage bonds,
repay a portion of ComEd's outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1213.65% June 15, 2046 $ 700
 Refinance maturing mortgage bonds,
repay a portion of ComEd's outstanding
commercial paper obligations and for
general corporate purposes.
PECO First Mortgage Bonds 1.70% September 15, 2021 $ 300 Refinance maturing mortgage bonds.
BGE Notes 2.40% August 15, 2026 $ 350
 Redeem the $190M of outstanding
preference shares and for general
corporate purposes.
146
Table of Contents
BGE Notes 3.50%
 August 15, 2046 500 Redeem the $190M of outstanding
preference shares and for general
corporate purposes.
Pepco Energy Efficiency
Project Financing(b)3.30%
 December 15, 2017 4 Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the DOE Germantown
project.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 4.15%
 May 15, 2045 175 Refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay
commercial paper and for general
corporate purposes.
__________
(a)See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
(b)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
During 2018 , the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company  Type  Interest Rate Maturity  Amount
Exelon Corporate  Long-Term Software License Agreement  3.95% May 1, 2024  $ 6
Generation  Naval Station Great Lakes Project Financing  3.90% June 30, 2018  $ 41
Generation  Smithsonian Zoo Project Financing  3.72% March 31, 2019  $ 1
Generation  Pensacola Project Financing  2.61% September 30, 2018  $ 21
Generation  Fort Detrick Project Financing  3.55% June 30, 2019  $ 19
Generation  Holyoke Nonrecourse Debt(a)  5.25% December 31, 2031  $ 1
Generation  SolGen Nonrecourse Debt(a)  3.93% September 30, 2036  $ 10
Generation  Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt(a)  2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037  $ 22
Generation  Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt(a)  6.00% February 28, 2033  $ 33
Generation  Renewable Power Generation Nonrecourse Debt(a) 4.11% March 31, 2035  $ 11
Generation  Kennett Square Capital Lease  7.83% September 20, 2020  $ 4
Generation  ExGen Renewables IV Nonrecourse Debt  3mL+300 bps November 30, 2024  $ 16
Generation  NUKEM  3.15% - 3.35% 2018 - 2020  $ 43
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds  5.80% March 15, 2018  $ 700
ComEd  Notes  6.95% July 15, 2018  $ 140
PECO  First Mortgage Bonds  5.35% March 1, 2018  $ 500
DPL  Medium Term Notes, Unsecured  6.81% January 9, 2018  $ 4
Pepco  Notes  3.30% August 31, 2018  $ 5
Pepco  Third Party Financing  7.28-7.99% 2021 - 2023  $ 1
ACE  First Mortgage Bonds  7.75% November 15, 2018  $ 250
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.05% - 5.55% 2020 - 2023  $ 31
__________
(a)See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
147
Table of Contents
During 2017 , the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity  Amount
Exelon
Corporate  Long-Term Software License Agreement  3.95% May 1, 2024  $ 24
Exelon
Corporate  Senior Notes  1.55% June 9, 2017  $ 550
Generation  Senior Notes - Exelon Wind  2.00% July 31, 2017  $ 1
Generation  CEU Upstream Nonrecourse Debt(a)  LIBOR + 2.25% January 14, 2019  $ 6
Generation  SolGen Nonrecourse Debt(a)  3.93% September 30, 2036  $ 2
Generation  Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt(a)  2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037  $ 22
Generation  Kennett Square Capital Lease  7.83% September 20, 2020  $ 2
Generation  Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt(a)  6.00% February 28, 2033  $ 31
Generation  PES - PGOV Notes Payable  6.70-7.60% 2017 - 2018  $ 1
Generation  ExGen Texas Power Nonrecourse Debt(a)(b)  LIBOR + 4.75% September 18, 2021  $ 665
Generation  Renewable Power Generation Nonrecourse Debt(a)  4.11% March 31, 2035  $ 14
Generation  NUKEM  3.25% - 3.35% June 30, 2018  $ 23
Generation  ExGen Renewables I, Nonrecourse Debt  LIBOR + 4.25% February 6, 2021  $ 233
Generation  Senior Notes  6.20% October 1, 2017  $ 700
Generation  Albany Green Energy Project Financing  LIBOR + 1.25% November 17, 2017  $ 212
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds  6.15% September 15, 2017  $ 425
BGE  Rate Stabilization Bonds  5.82% April 1, 2017  $ 41
BGE  Capital Trust Preferred Securities  6.20% October 15, 2043  $ 258
PHI  Senior Notes  6.13% June 1, 2017  $ 81
DPL  Medium Term Notes, Unsecured  7.56% - 7.58% February 1, 2017  $ 14
DPL  Variable Rate Demand Bonds  Variable October 1, 2017  $ 26
Pepco  Third Party Financing  6.97% - 7.99% 2018 - 2022  $ 1
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.05% - 5.55% 2020 - 2023  $ 35
__________
(a)See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
(b)As a result of the bankruptcy filing for EGTP on November 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from Exelon's and Generation's
consolidated financial statements. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
148
Table of Contents
During 2016 , the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type  Interest Rate Maturity  Amount
Exelon
Corporate  Long Term Software License Agreement  3.95% May 1, 2024  $ 8
Exelon
Corporate  Senior Notes  4.95% June 15, 2035  $ 1
Generation  Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt(a)  2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037  $ 22
Generation  Kennett Square Capital Lease  7.83% September 20, 2020  $ 4
Generation  Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt(a)  6.00% February 28, 2033  $ 29
Generation  CEU Upstream Nonrecourse Debt(a)  LIBOR + 2.25% January 14, 2019  $ 46
Generation  ExGen Texas Power Nonrecourse Debt(a)(b)  5.00% September 18, 2021  $ 7
Generation  Sacramento Solar Nonrecourse Debt  LIBOR + 2.25% December 31, 2030  $ 33
Generation  Clean Horizons Nonrecourse Debt  LIBOR + 2.25% September 7, 2030  $ 32
Generation  ExGen Renewables I, Nonrecourse Debt  LIBOR + 4.25% February 6, 2021  $ 24
Generation  PES - PGOV Notes Payable  6.70% - 7.46% 2017-2018  $ 1
Generation  NUKEM  3.35% June 30, 2018  $ 12
Generation  NUKEM  3.25% July 1, 2018  $ 10
Generation  Renewable Power Generation Nonrecourse Debt(a)  4.11% March 31, 2035  $ 9
Generation  SolGen Nonrecourse Debt(a)  3.93% September 30, 2036  $ 2
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds, Series 104  5.95% August 15, 2016  $ 415
ComEd  First Mortgage Bonds, Series 111  1.95% August 1, 2016  $ 250
PECO  First and Refunding Mortgage Bonds  1.20% October 15, 2016  $ 300
BGE  Rate Stabilization Bonds  5.72% April 1, 2016  $ 1
BGE  Rate Stabilization Bonds  5.82% April 1, 2017  $ 38
BGE  Notes  5.90% October 1, 2016  $ 300
BGE  Rate Stabilization Bonds  5.82% April 1, 2017  $ 40
PHI  Senior Unsecured Notes  5.90% December 12, 2016  $ 190
DPL  First Mortgage Bonds  5.22% December 30, 2016  $ 100
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.05% October 20, 2020  $ 12
ACE  Transition Bonds  5.55% October 20, 2023  $ 34
ACE  First Mortgage Bonds  7.68% August 23, 2016  $ 2
__________
(a)See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
(b)As a result of the bankruptcy filing for EGTP on November 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from Exelon's and Generation's
consolidated financial statements. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
From time to time and as market conditions warrant, the Registrants may engage in long-term  debt retirements via tender offers,
open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
149
Table of Contents
Dividends
Cash dividend payments and distributions for the year ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant were as follows:
 2018  2017  2016
Exelon $ 1,332  $ 1,236  $ 1,166
Generation 1,001  659  922
ComEd 459  422  369
PECO 306  288  277
BGE(a)209  198  187
Pepco 169  133  136
DPL 96 112  54
ACE 59 68 63
 Successor  Predecessor
 2018 2017March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to March 23,
2016
PHI $ 326 $ 311 $ 273  $ —
__________
(a)Includes dividends paid on BGE's preference stock during 2016.
Quarterly dividends declared by the Exelon Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2018  and for the first quarter of
2019  were as follows:
Period Declaration Date Shareholder of Record Date Dividend Payable DateCash per
Share(a)
First Quarter 2018 January 30, 2018 February 15, 2018  March 9, 2018 $ 0.3450
Second Quarter 2018 May 1, 2018 May 15, 2018  June 8, 2018 $ 0.3450
Third Quarter 2018 July 24, 2018 August 15, 2018  September 10, 2018 $ 0.3450
Fourth Quarter 2018 September 24, 2018 November 15, 2018  December 1, 2018 $ 0.3450
First Quarter 2019 February 5, 2019 February 20, 2019  March 8, 2019 $ 0.3625
___________
(a)Exelon's Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through
2020, beginning with the March 2018 dividend.
Short-T erm Borrowings
Short-term borrowings incurred (repaid) during 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant were as follows:
2018 2017 2016
Exelon $ (338) $ (261) $ (353)
Generation — (620) 620
ComEd — — (294)
BGE (42) 32 (165)
Pepco 14 3 (41)
DPL (216) 216  (105)
ACE (94) 108  (5)
150
Table of Contents
 Successor   Predecessor
 2018 2017March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016   January 1, 2016 to March 23,
2016
PHI $ (296)$ 328 $ (515)  $ (121)
Retirement of Long-T erm Debt to Financing Affiliates
On August 28, 2017, BGE redeemed all of the outstanding shares of BGE Capital Trust II 6.20% Preferred Securities.
Contributions from Parent/Member 
Contributions from Parent/Member (Exelon) during 2018 , 2017  and 2016  by Registrant were as follows:
2018  2017  2016
Generation $ 155  $ 102  $ 142
ComEd(a)(b)500  672  473
PECO(b)89 16 18
BGE(b)109  184  61
Pepco(c)166  161  187
DPL(c)150  — 152
ACE(c)67 — 139
 Successor  Predecessor
 2018 2017March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to March 23,
2016
PHI $ 385 $ 758 $ 1,251  $ —
__________
(a)Additional contributions from parent or external debt financing may be required as a result of increased capital investment in infrastructure
improvements and modernization pursuant to EIMA, transmission upgrades and expansions and Exelon's agreement to indemnify ComEd for
any unfavorable after-tax impacts associated with ComEd's LKE tax matter.
(b)Contribution paid by Exelon.
(c)Contribution paid by PHI.
Pursuant to the orders approving the PHI merger , Exelon made equity contributions of $73 million, $46 million and $49 million to
Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively , in the second quarter of 2016 to fund the after-tax amount  of the customer bill credit and the
customer base rate credit.
Redemptions of Preference Stock. BGE had $190 million of cumulativ e preferenc e stock that was redeemable at its option at any
time after October 1, 2015 for the redemption price of $100  per share, plus accrued  and unpaid dividends. On July 3, 2016, BGE
redeemed all 400,000  shares of its outstanding 7.125%  Cumulative  Preference Stock, 1993 Series and all 600,000  shares of its
outstanding 6.990%  Cumulative Preference Stock, 1995 Series for $100 million , plus accrued and unpaid dividends. On September
18, 2016, BGE redeemed the remaining 500,000  shares of its outstanding 6.970%  Cumulative Preference Stock, 1993 Series and
the remaining 400,000  shares of its outstanding 6.700%  Cumulative Preference Stock, 1993 Series for $90 million , plus accrued and
unpaid dividends. As of December 31, 2018 , BGE no longer has any preferred stock outstanding.
Other
For the year ended December 31, 2018 , other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. See Note 13 — Debt and
Credit Agreements  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements’  for additional information.
151
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
Market Conditions
The Registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through
cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. The
credit facilities include $9.7 billion  (including bilateral credit facilities and credit facilities for project finance) in aggregate total
commitments of which $8.0 billion  was available as of December 31, 2018 , and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of
the aggrega te commitments for the Registrants. The Registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2018  to fund
their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary . The Registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including
appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements,
increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. The
Registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit
facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity . See PART I.
ITEM 1A.  RISK F ACTORS  for additional information regarding the ef fects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
The Registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient
liquidity . If Generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2018 , it would have been required to provide
incremental collateral of $2.1 billion to meet collateral oblig ations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases and normal
sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements,
which is well within the $4.1 billion  of available credit capacity of its revolver .
The following table presents the incremental collateral that each Utility Registrant would have been required to provide in the event
each Utility Registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at December 31, 2018  and availab le credit facility capacity prior to any
incremental collateral at December 31, 2018 :
 PJM Credit Policy
Collateral  Other Incremental Collateral
Required(a)Available Credit Facility
Capacity Prior to Any
Incremental Collateral
ComEd $ 9 $ — $ 998
PECO — 39 600
BGE 12 69 599
Pepco 11 — 292
DPL 5 11 299
ACE — — 300
__________
(a)Represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
Exelon Credit Facilities
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of
commercial paper . Generation and PECO meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper and borrowings from the intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily
through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool.  The Registrants may use their respective credit
facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  credit facilities and short term borrowing activity .
152
Table of Contents
Other Credit Matters
Capital Structure.  At December 31, 2018 , the capital structures of the Registrants consisted of the following:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Long-term debt 51% 32% 44% 44% 46% 40% 49% 50% 48%
Long-term debt to
affiliates(a)1% 4% 1% 3% —% —% —% —% —%
Common equity 47% —% 55% 53% 53% — 50% 50% 46%
Member ’s equity —% 64% —% —% —% 59% —  —  —
Commercial paper
and notes payable 1% —% — —% 1% 1% 1% —% 6%
__________ 
(a)Includes approximately $390 million, $205 million and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of Exelon, ComEd, and PECO respectively.
These special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of ComEd and
PECO. See Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
the authoritative guidance for VIEs.
Security Ratings
The Registra nts’ access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those
markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
The Registrants’  borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a
downgrading of a Registrant’ s securities could increase fees and interest charges under that Registrant’ s credit agreements.
As part of the normal course of business, the Registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the
Registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for
doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the Registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency ,
it is possible  that a coun terparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making  a demand for adequate assurance
of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
153
Table of Contents
Intercompany Money Pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing, both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed
from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of December 31, 2018 , are presen ted in the following
tables:
Exelon Intercompany Money Pool For the Year Ended December 31, 2018As of
December 31, 2018
Contributed (borrowed)Maximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Exelon Corporate $ 674 $ — $ 216
Generation 227 (389) (100)
PECO 285 (420) —
BSC — (403) (173)
PHI Corporate — (35) —
PCI 57 (1) 57
PHI Intercompany Money Pool For the Year Ended December 31, 2018As of
December 31, 2018
Contributed (borrowed)Maximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
PHI Corporate $ 1$ — $ 1
PHISCO 34 — 3
Investments in NDT Funds.  Exelon, Generation and CENG maintain trust funds, as required by the NRC, to fund certain costs of
decommissioning nuclear plants. The mix of securities in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund
decommissioning and to offset inflationary increases in decommissioning costs. Generation actively monitors the investment
performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocations in accordance with Generation’ s NDT fund investment
policy . Generation’ s and CENG's investment policies establish limits on the concentration of holdings in any one company and also
in any one industry . See Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information regarding the trust funds, the NRC’ s minimum funding requirements and related liquidity ramifications.
Shelf Registration Statements. Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have a currently effective
combined shelf registration statement unlimited  in amount, filed with the SEC, that will expire in August 2019. The ability of each
Registrant to sell securities off the shelf registrat ion statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number
of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial
condition of the Registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
Regulatory Authorizations. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing
authority from Federal and State Commissions as follows:
  Short-term Financing Authority(a)
 Long-term Financing Authority(a)
Commission Expiration Date Amount Commission  Expiration Date  Amount (c)
ComEd(b) FERC December 31, 2019 $ 2,500 ICC  2019 & 2021  $ 1,533
PECO  FERC December 31, 2019 1,500 PAPUC  December 31, 2021 1,900
BGE  FERC December 31, 2019 700 MDPSC  N/A  400
Pepco  FERC December 31, 2019 500 MDPSC / DCPSC  December 31, 2020 400
DPL  FERC December 31, 2019 500 MDPSC / DPSC  December 31, 2020 150
ACE  NJBPU December 31, 2019 350 NJBPU  December 31, 2019 —
__________
(a)Generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from FERC in connection with its market-based rate authority.
154
Table of Contents
(b)ComEd had $440 million available in long-term debt refinancing authority and $1,093 million available in new money long-term debt financing
authority from the ICC as of December 31, 2018 and has an expiration date of June 1, 2019 and August 1, 2021, respectively.
(c)ACE is currently in the process of requesting its long-term debt financing authority.
Exelon’ s ability to pay dividends on its common  stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. The
payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items
affecting retained earnings.
•ComEd is subject to restrictions in the event that (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debt securities issued to ComEd Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions
on the preferred trust securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which
the subordinated debt securities are issued.
•PECO is subject to restrictions in the event that (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment
of distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or
(3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued.
•BGE is subject to restrictions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a dividen d on its common shares
if (a) after the dividend  payment, BGE’ s equit y ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s
ratemaking precedents or (b) BGE’ s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating
agencies below investment grade.
•Pepco, DPL and ACE are subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in the District of
Columbia, Maryland, Delaware, and New Jersey . Pepco, DPL and ACE are prohibited from paying a dividend on their
common shares if (a) after the dividend paymen t, Pepco's, DPL's or ACE's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity
levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DCPSC, MDPSC, DPSC, and NJBP U or (b) Pepco's, DPL's
or ACE's senior unsecur ed credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade.
ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requires ACE to obtain the prior approval of the NJBPU before
dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization, excluding securitization debt, falls below 30%.
At December 31, 2018 , Exelon had retained earnings of $14,766 million , including Generation’ s undistributed earnings of $3,724
million , ComEd’ s retained earnings of $1,337 million  consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $2,976
million  partially offset by $1,639 million  of unappropriated retained deficit, PECO’ s retained earnings of $1,242 million , BGE’ s
retained earnings $1,640 millio n, and PHI's undistributed earnings of $62 million. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding fund transfer restrictions.
155
Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The following tables summarize the Registrants’  future estimated cash payments as of December 31, 2018  under existing
contractual obligations, including payments due by period. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for addit ional information regarding the Registrants’  commercial and other commitments,
representing commitments potentially triggered by future events.
Exelon
 Payment due within  
 Total 20192020 -
20212022 -
2023Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt(a)$ 35,265 $ 1,328  $ 5,033  $ 3,933  $ 24,971
Interest payments on long-term debt(b)22,840 1,446  2,689  2,372  16,333
Capital leases 36 21 6 1 8
Operating leases(c)(d)1,378 140  292  223  723
Purchase power obligations(e)1,121 365  484  98 174
Fuel purchase agreements(f)5,984 1,235  2,078  1,269  1,402
Electric supply procurement(f)2,836 1,828  1,008  — —
AEC purchase commitments(f)2 1 1 — —
Curtailment services commitments(f)129 29 74 26 —
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments(g)1,838 137  265  274  1,162
Other purchase obligations(h)6,626 4,676  1,323  247  380
DC PLUG obligation(i)160 30 60 60 10
Construction commitments(j)21 21 — — —
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments(k)396 141  237  18 —
SNF obligation(l)1,171 — — — 1,171
ZEC commitments(m)1,404 168  337  332  567
Pension contributions(n)2,276 301  616  752  607
Total contractual obligations $ 83,483 $ 11,867 $ 14,503 $ 9,605 $ 47,508
__________
(a)Includes $390 million due after 2024 to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2018. Includes estimated interest payments due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(c)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)Excludes Generation's contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. These amounts are included
within purchase power obligations.
(e)Purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. Amounts
presented represent Generation’s expected payments under these arrangements at December 31, 2018. Expected payments include certain
fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude renewable PPA contracts that are
contingent in nature. Contained within Purchase power obligations are Net Capacity Purchases of $126 million, $56 million, $35 million, $26
million, $20 million and $155 million for 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and thereafter, respectively.
(f)Represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric
supply, and purchase AECs and curtailment services.
(g)Primarily related to ComEd 20-year contracts for renewable energy and RECs beginning in June 2012. ComEd is permitted to recover its
renewable energy and REC costs from retail customers with no mark-up. The commitments represent the earliest and maximum settlements
with suppliers for renewable energy and RECs under the existing contract terms.
(h)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
156
Table of Contents
(i)Related to DC PLUG project costs for assets funded by the District of Columbia for which the District of Columbia has assessed a charge on
Pepco. Pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters of Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(j)Represents commitments for Generation's ongoing investments in new natural gas generation construction.  As of December 31, 2018, the
commitments relate to the construction of a new dual fuel, natural peaking facility in Massachusetts.  Achievement of commercial operation
related to this project is expected in 2019.
(k)Under their operating agreements with PJM, ComEd, PECO, BGE, DPL and ACE are committed to the construction of transmission facilities to
maintain system reliability. These amounts represent ComEd, PECO, BGE, DPL and ACE’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the
completion of the required construction projects.
(l)See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding SNF obligations.
(m)Annual ZEC commitment amounts will be published by the IPA each May prior to the start of the subsequent planning year. Amounts presented
in the table represent management's estimate of ComEd's obligation based on forward energy prices and load forecasts. ComEd is permitted to
recover its ZEC costs from retail customers with no mark-up.
(n)These amounts represent Exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. The projected contributions reflect a funding strategy of
contributing the greater of $300 million until all the qualified plans are fully funded on an ABO basis, and the minimum amounts under ERISA to
avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions.
These amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. Qualified pension contributions for years after
2024 are not included. See Note 16 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding estimated future pension benefit payments.
Generation 
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
2021  2022 -
2023Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 8,745  $ 899 $ 2,103  $ 1,023 $ 4,720
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)4,333  354 592  483 2,904
Capital leases 14 7 6 1 —
Operating leases(b)(c)763  33 92 93 545
Purchase power obligations(d)1,121  365 484  98 174
Fuel purchase agreements(e)4,931  1,013 1,759  1,078 1,081
Other purchase obligations(f)1,742  1,114 224  98 306
Construction commitments(g)21 21 — — —
SNF obligation(h)1,171  — — — 1,171
Total contractual obligations $ 22,841  $ 3,806 $ 5,260 $ 2,874 $ 10,901
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2018.
(b)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)Excludes Generation's contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. These amounts are included
within purchase power obligations.
(d)Purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. Amounts
represent Generation’s expected payments under these arrangements at December 31, 2018. Expected payments include certain fixed capacity
charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude renewable PPA contracts that are contingent in nature.
Contained within Purchase power obligations are Net Capacity Purchases of $126 million, $56 million, $35 million, $26 million, $20 million and
$155 million for 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and thereafter, respectively.
(e)Primarily represents commitments to purchase fuel supplies for nuclear and fossil generation, including those related to CENG.
(f)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)Represents commitments for Generation's ongoing investments in new natural gas generation construction.  As of December 31, 2018, the
commitments relate to the construction of a new dual fuel, natural peaking facility in Massachusetts.  Achievement of commercial operation
related to this project is expected in 2019.
157
Table of Contents
(h)See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding SNF obligations.
ComEd
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
2021  2022 -
2023Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt(a)$ 8,385  $ 300 $ 850  $ — $ 7,235
Interest payments on long-term debt(b)6,512  339 646  614 4,913
Capital leases 8 — — — 8
Operating leases(c)23 7 9 7 —
Electric supply procurement 650  419 231  — —
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments(d)1,497  106 203  212 976
Other purchase obligations(e)1,109  1,050 55 2 2
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments(f)176  40 136  — —
ZEC commitments(g) 1,404  168 337  332 567
Total contractual obligations $ 19,764  $ 2,429 $ 2,467 $ 1,167 $ 13,701
__________
(a)Includes $206 million due after 2024 to a ComEd financing trust.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2018. Includes estimated interest payments due to the ComEd financing trust.
(c)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)Primarily related to ComEd 20-year contracts for renewable energy and RECs beginning in June 2012. ComEd is permitted to recover its
renewable energy and REC costs from retail customers with no mark-up. The commitments represent the maximum and earliest settlements
with suppliers for renewable energy and RECs under the existing contract terms.
(e)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)Under its operating agreement with PJM, ComEd is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. These
amounts represent ComEd’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
(g)Annual ZEC commitment amounts will be published by the IPA each May prior to the start of the subsequent planning year. Amounts presented
in the table represent management's estimate of ComEd's obligation based on forward energy prices and load forecasts. ComEd is permitted to
recover its ZEC costs from retail customers with no mark-up.
158
Table of Contents
PECO
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
20212022 -
2023  Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt(a)$ 3,309  $ — $ 300 $ 400  $ 2,609
Interest payments on long-term debt(b)2,562  131 261 242  1,928
Operating leases(c)(d)25 5 10 10 —
Fuel purchase agreements(e)335  116 151 33 35
Electric supply procurement(e)530  453 77 — —
AEC purchase commitments(e)4 2 2 — —
Other purchase obligations(f)668  501 156 10 1
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments(g)54 27 18 9 —
Total contractual obligations $ 7,487  $ 1,235 $ 975 $ 704 $ 4,573
__________
(a)Includes $184 million due after 2024 to PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)Amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. As a result, PECO has excluded
these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. PECO’s average annual obligation for these
arrangements, included in each of the years 2019 - 2023, was $5 million. Also includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(e)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and
purchase AECs.
(f)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)Under its operating agreement with PJM, PECO is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. These
amounts represent PECO’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
BGE
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
2021  2022 -
2023  Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 2,900  $ — $ 300  $ 550  $ 2,050
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)1,971  113 225  191  1,442
Operating leases(b)(c)(d)(e)143  35 68 21 19
Fuel purchase agreements(f)434  76 107  94 157
Electric supply procurement(f)1,070  670 400  — —
Curtailment services commitments(f)61 10 38 13 —
Other purchase obligations(g)584  528 50 2 4
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments(h)89 35 54 — —
Total contractual obligations $ 7,252  $ 1,467 $ 1,242 $ 871 $ 3,672
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
159
Table of Contents
(c)Amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. As a result, BGE has excluded
these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. BGE’s average annual obligation for these arrangements,
included in each of the years 2019 - 2023, was $1 million. Also includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)Includes all future lease payments on a 99-year real estate lease that expires in 2106.
(e)The BGE table above includes minimum future lease payments associated with a 6-year lease for the Baltimore City conduit system that
became effective during the fourth quarter of 2016. BGE's total commitments under the lease agreement are $26 million, $28 million, $28
million, and $14 million related to years 2019 - 2022, respectively.
(f)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and
curtailment services.
(g)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the BGE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(h)Under its operating agreement with PJM, BGE is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. These
amounts represent BGE’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
PHI
 Payment due within  
 Total 2019  2020 -
20212022 -
2023  Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 5,622 $ 111  $ 281 $ 810  $ 4,420
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)4,192 260  512 476  2,944
Capital leases 14 14 — — —
Operating leases(b)377 48 89 81 159
Fuel purchase agreements(c)284 30 61 64 129
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments(c)341 31 62 62 186
Electric supply procurement(c)1,635 993  642 — —
Curtailment services commitments(c)68 19 36 13 —
Other purchase obligations(d)1,396 893  437 34 32
DC PLUG obligation(e)160 30 60 60 10
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments(f) 77 39 29 9 —
Total contractual obligations $ 14,166 $ 2,468  $ 2,209 $ 1,609  $ 7,880
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy
and RECs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)Related to DC PLUG project costs for assets funded by the District of Columbia for which the District of Columbia has assessed a charge on
Pepco. Pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters of Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(f)Under its operating agreement with PJM, PHI is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. These
amounts represent PHI’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
160
Table of Contents
Pepco
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
20212022 -
2023  Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 2,737  $ 1$ 1$ 310  $ 2,425
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)2,488  138 276 256  1,818
Capital leases 14 14 — — —
Operating leases(b)86 11 19 16 40
Electric supply procurement(c)663  407 256 — —
Curtailment services commitments(c)33 4 20 9 —
Other purchase obligations(d)908  509 337 31 31
DC PLUG obligation(e)160  30 60 60 10
Total contractual obligations $ 7,089  $ 1,114 $ 969 $ 682  $ 4,324
__________ 
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)Related to DC PLUG project costs for assets funded by the District of Columbia for which the District of Columbia has assessed a charge on
Pepco. Pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters of Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
DPL
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
20212022 -
2023  Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 1,504  $ 91 $ — $ 500  $ 913
Interest payments on long-term debt(a)1,050  57 113 111  769
Operating leases(b)96 14 25 22 35
Fuel purchase agreements(c)284  30 61 64 129
Long-term renewable energy and associated REC
commitments(c)341  31 62 62 186
Electric supply procurement(c)458  282 176 — —
Curtailment services commitments(c)31 12 15 4 —
Other purchase obligations(d)266  187 77 1 1
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments(e) 9 3 3 3 —
Total contractual obligations $ 4,039  $ 707 $ 532 $ 767  $ 2,033
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy
and RECs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
161
Table of Contents
(e)Under its operating agreement with PJM, DPL is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. These
amounts represent DPL’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
ACE
   Payment due within  
 Total  20192020 -
20212022 -
2023  Due 2024
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 1,196  $ 18 $ 280 $ — $ 898
Interest payments on long-term debt (a)465  52 95 81 237
Operating leases(b)32 7 11 9 5
Electric supply procurement (c)514  304 210 — —
Curtailment services commitments (c)4 3 1 — —
Other purchase obligations (d)177  160 16 1 —
PJM regional transmission expansion commitments (e) 68 36 26 6 —
Total contractual obligations $ 2,456  $ 580 $ 639 $ 97 $ 1,140
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2018 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)Represents commitments to procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)Under its operating agreement with PJM, ACE is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. These
amounts represent ACE’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information of the Registrants’  other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
For additional information regarding:
•commercial paper , see Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
•long-term debt, see Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
•liabilities related to unce rtain tax positions, see Note 14 — Income Taxes  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
•capital lease obligations, see Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements.
•operating leases and rate relief commitments, see Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
•the nuclear decommissioning and SNF obligations, see Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  and Note 22 —
Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
•regulatory commitments, see Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
162
Table of Contents
•variable interest entities, see Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
•nuclear insurance, see Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Finan cial
Statements.
•new accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Registrants are exposed to market risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, counterparty credit, interest
rates and equity prices. Exelon’ s RMC approves risk management policies and objectives for risk assessment, control and valuation,
counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring  and reporting of risk exposures. The RMC is chaired by the chief executive officer
and includes the chief risk officer, chief strategy officer, chief executive officer of Exelon Utilities, chief commercial officer, chief
financial officer and chief executive officer of Constellation. The RMC reports to the Finance and Risk Committee of the Exelon
Board of Directors on the scope of the risk management activities.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Commodity price risk is associated with price movements resulting from changes in supply and demand, fuel costs, market liquidity ,
weather conditions, governmental regulatory and environmental policies and other factors. To the extent the total amount of energy
Exelon gene rates and purchases differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell, Exelon is exposed to market fluctuations
in commodity prices. Exelon seeks to mitigate its commodity price risk through the sale and purchase of electricity , fossil fuel and
other commodities.
Generation
Electricity available from Generation’ s owned or contracted generation supply in excess of Generation’ s obligations to customers,
including portions of the Utility Registrants' retail load, is sold into the wholesale markets. To reduce commodity price risk caused by
market fluctuations, Generation enters into non-derivative contracts as well as derivative contracts, including swaps, futures,
forwards and options, with approved counterpa rties to hedge anticipated exposures. Generat ion uses derivative instruments as
economic hedges to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. Generation expects  the settlement of the majority of its
economic hedges will occur during 2019  through 2021 .
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions which have not been hedged. Exelon's hedging program involves the hedging of
commodity price risk for Exelon's expected generation, typically on a ratable basis over three -year periods. As of December 31,
2018 , the percen tage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York and ERCOT  reportable segments is
89%-92%, 56%-59% and 32%-35% for 2019 , 2020  and 2021 , respectivel y.  The percentage of expected generation hedged is the
amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. Expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents
our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generating facilities based upon a simulated dispatch model
that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power , fuel, load following
products and options. Equivalent sales represen t all hedging products, which include economic hedges and certain non-derivative
contracts, including Generation’ s sales to ComEd, PECO and BGE to serve their retail load.
A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be accomplished with fuel products based on assumed correlations between power
and fuel prices, which routinely change in the market. Market price risk exposure is the risk of a change in the value of unhedged
positions. The forecasted market price risk exposure for Generation’ s entire economic hedge portfolio associated with a $5 reduc tion
in the annual average around-the-clock energy price based on December 31, 2018  market conditions and hedged position would be
decreases in pre-tax net income of approximate ly $57 million , $383 million  and $618 million , respectively , for 2019 , 2020  and 2021 .
Power price sensitivities  are derived by adjusting power price assumptions while keeping all other price inputs constant. Generation
actively manages its portfolio to mitigate market price risk exposure for its unhedged position. Actual
163
Table of Contents
results could differ depe nding on the specific timing of, and markets affected by, price chan ges, as well as future changes in
Generation’ s portfolio. See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Proprietary T rading Activities
Proprietary trading portfolio activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 , resulted in pre-tax gains of $42 million  due to net mark-
to-market gains of $17 million and realized gains of $25 million. Generation has not segregated proprietary trading activity within the
following discussion because of the relative size of the proprietary trading portfolio in compariso n to Generation’ s total Revenue net
of purchased power and fuel expense. See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Fuel Procurement
Generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts, and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies
are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. Supply market conditions
may make Generation’ s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to
deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. Approximately 62% of Generat ion’s uranium concentrate
requirements from 2019  through 2023  are supplied by three producers. In the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers,
Generation believes that replacement uranium concentrates can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when
compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. Non-performance by these counterparties could have a material
adverse impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements.
ComEd
ComEd entered into 20-year contracts for renewable energy and RECs beginning in June 2012. ComEd is permitted to recover its
renewable energy and REC costs from retail customers with no mark-up. The annual commitments represent the maximum
settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and RECs under the existing contract terms. Pursuant to the ICC’s Order on
December 19, 2012, ComEd’ s commitments under the existing long-term contracts were reduc ed for the June 2013 through May
2014 procurement period. In addition, the ICC’s December 18, 2013 Order approved the reduction of ComEd’ s commitments under
those contracts for the June 2014 through May 2015 procurement period, and the amount of the reduction was approved by the ICC
in March 2014.
ComEd has block energy contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a compe titive procurement process, which is
further discussed in Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial Statements. The block energy
contracts are considered derivatives and qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under current derivative
authoritative guidance, and as a result are accou nted for on an accrual basis of accounting. ComEd does not execute derivatives for
speculative or proprietary trading purposes. For additional information on these contracts, see Note 12 — Derivative Financial
Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have contra cts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement
process, which are further discussed in Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements.
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE have certai n full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives and qualify for the
normal purch ases and normal sales scope exce ption under current derivative authoritative guida nce, and as a result are accounted
for on an accrual basis of accounting. Other full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
PECO, BGE and DPL have also executed deriva tive natural gas contracts, which either qualify for the normal purchases and normal
sales exception or have no mark-to-market balances because the derivatives are index priced, to hedge their long-term price risk in
the natural gas market. The hedging programs for natural gas procurement have no direct impact on their financial statements.
164
Table of Contents
PECO, BGE , Pepco, DPL and ACE do not execute derivatives for speculative or proprietary trading purposes. For additional
information on these contracts, see Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated Financ ial
Statements.
Trading and Non-Trading Marketing Activities
The followin g table detailing Exelon’ s, Genera tion’s and ComEd’ s trading and non-trading marketing activities are included to
address the recommended disclosures by the energy industry’ s Committee of Chief Risk Of ficers (CCRO).
The following table provides detail on changes in Exelon’ s, Generation’ s and ComEd’ s commodity mark-to-market net asset or
liability balance sheet position from December 31, 2016  to December 31, 2018 . It indicates the drivers behind changes in the
balance sheet amounts. This table incorporates the mark-to-market activities that are immediately recorded in earnings. This table
excludes all NPNS contracts and does not segre gate proprietary trading activity . See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of
the Combine d Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the balance sheet classification of the mark-
to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) recorded as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 .
 Exelon  Generation  ComEd
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2016(a)$ 719 $ 977  $ (258)
Total change in fair value during 2017 of contracts recorded in result of operations 110  110  —
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations (273) (273) —
Changes in fair value—recorded through regulatory assets and liabilities(b)(1) — 2
Changes in allocated collateral 140  137  —
Net option premium received (28) (28) —
Option premium amortization (7) (7) —
Upfront payments and amortizations(c) (24) (24) —
Other miscellaneous(d)31 31 —
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2017(a) 667  923  (256)
Total change in fair value during 2018 of contracts recorded in result of operations 270  270  —
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations (570) (570) —
Contracts received at acquisition date(e)(19) (19) —
Changes in fair value—recorded through regulatory assets and liabilities(b)8 — 7
Changes in allocated collateral (110) (109) —
Net option premium paid 43 43 —
Option premium amortization (10) (10) —
Upfront payments and amortizations(c) 20 20 —
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2018(a) $ 299  $ 548  $ (249)
__________
(a)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties.
(b)For ComEd, the changes in fair value are recorded as a change in regulatory assets or liabilities. As of December 31, 2017 and 2018, ComEd
recorded a regulatory liability of $256 million and $249 million, respectively, related to its mark-to-market derivative liabilities with Generation and
unaffiliated suppliers. ComEd recorded $18 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $20
million in purchased power expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2017. ComEd
recorded $24 million of decreases in fair value
165
Table of Contents
and realized losses due to settlements of $17 million recorded in purchased power expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap
contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2018.
(c)Includes derivative contracts acquired or sold by Generation through upfront payments or receipts of cash, excluding option premiums, and the
associated amortizations.
(d)As a result of the bankruptcy filing for EGTP on November 7, 2017, the net mark-to-market commodity contracts were deconsolidated from
Exelon's and Generation's consolidated financial statements.
(e)Includes fair value from contracts received at acquisition of the Everett Marine Terminal.
Fair Values
The following tables present maturity and source of fair value for Exelon, Generation and ComEd mark-to-market commodity
contract net assets (liabilities). The tables provide two fundamental pieces of information. First, the tables provide the source of fair
value used in determin ing the carrying amoun t of the Registrants’  total mark-to-market net assets (liabilities), net of allocated
collateral. Second, the tables show the matur ity, by year, of the Registrants’  commodity contract net assets (liabilities) net of
allocated collateral, giving an indication of when these mark-to-market amounts will settle and either generate or require cash. See
Note 11 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy .
Exelon
 Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value  2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 and
Beyond
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative
contracts(a)(b):        
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $(11)$(33) $ (6) $ (8)$ 14 $ — $ (44)
Prices provided by external sources (Level
2) 45 (33) 5 — — — 17
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3)(c) 291 174  — (63) (23) (53) 326
Total $325 $108  $ (1) $(71)$ (9) $ (53)$ 299
__________
(a)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in results of operations.
(b)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $357
million at December 31, 2018.
(c)Includes ComEd’s net assets (liabilities) associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
Generation
 Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value  2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 and
Beyond
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative
contracts(a)(b):      
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $(11)$(33) $ (6)$ (8)$ 14 $ — $ (44)
Prices provided by external sources (Level
2) 45 (33) 5 — — — 17
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3)(c) 317 199  25 (37) 3 68 575
Total $351 $133  $ 24 $(45)$ 17 $ 68 $ 548
__________
(a)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in the results of operations.
(b)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $357
million at December 31, 2018.
166
Table of Contents
ComEd
 Maturities Within
Fair
Value  2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 and
Beyond
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3)(a) $(26) $(25)$(25) $(26)$(26) $ (121)$ (249)
__________
(a)Represents ComEd’s net liabilities associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
Credit Risk, Collateral and Contingent Related Features (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties that execute derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date. See Note 12—Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a
detailed discussion of credit risk, collateral, and contingent related features.
Generation
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, normal purchases and normal
sales agreem ents, and applicable payables and receivables, net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting
agreements, as of December 31, 2018 . The tables further delin eate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide
guidance on the concentration of credit risk to individual counterparties and an indication of the duration of a company’ s credit risk by
credit rating of the counterparties. The figures in the tables below exclude credit risk exposu re from individual retail customers,
uranium procurement contracts, and exposure through RTOs, ISOs and commodity exchanges, which are discussed below .
Additionally , the figures in the tables below exclude exposures with affiliates, including net receivables with ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL and ACE of $43 million , $30 million , $24 million , $28 million , $7 million  and $5 million  respectively . See Note 25 —
Related Party Transactions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Rating as of December 31, 2018Total
Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral  Credit
Collateral (a)Net
Exposure Number of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure  Net Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 795  $ — $ 795  1 $ 153
Non-investment grade 133  45 88 — —
No external ratings      
Internally rated—investment
grade 181  1 180  — —
Internally rated—non-
investment grade 92 6 86 — —
Total $ 1,201  $ 52 $ 1,149  1 $ 153
167
Table of Contents
 Maturity of Credit Risk Exposure
Rating as of December 31, 2018Less than
2 Years2-5
YearsExposure
Greater than
5 Years  Total Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral
Investment grade $ 755 $ 23 $ 17 $ 795
Non-investment grade 131 2 — 133
No external ratings     
Internally rated—investment grade 126 26 29 181
Internally rated—non-investment grade 82 5 5 92
Total $ 1,094 $ 56 $ 51 $ 1,201
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty As of December 31, 2018
Financial institutions $ 12
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 737
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 324
Other 76
Total $ 1,149
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2018, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $17 million of cash and $35
million of letters of credit.
The Utility Registrants
Credit risk for the Utility Registrants is gove rned by credit and collection policies, which are aligned with state regulatory
requirements. The Utility Registrants are currently obligated to provide service to all electric customers within their franchised
territories. The Utility Registrants record a provision for uncollectible accounts, based upon historical experience, to provide for the
potential loss from nonpayment by these custom ers. The Utility Registrants will monitor nonpayment from customers and will make
any necessary adjustments to the provision for uncollectible accounts. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the allowance for uncollectible accounts policy . The Utility Registrants did
not have any customers representing over 10% of their revenues as of December 31, 2018 . See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
As of December 31, 2018 , ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE's net credit exposure to suppliers was immaterial. See Note
12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Collateral (All Registrants)
Generation
As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physical or financial contracts for the sale and purchase of
electricity , natural gas and other commodities. In accordance with the contracts and applicable law, if Generation is downgraded by a
credit rating agency , especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would
attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance. Depending on
Generation’ s net position with a counterparty , the demand could be for the posting of collateral. In the absence of expressly agreed-
to provisions  that specify the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circumstances of
the situation at the time of the demand. See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Com bined Notes  to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding collateral requirements. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies
of the Comb ined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regardin g the letters of credit supporting the
cash collateral.
Generation transacts output through bilateral contracts. The bilateral contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of
counterparties to meet their contractual payment obligations. Any failure to collect these
168
Table of Contents
payments from counterparties could have a mate rial impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements. As market prices rise
above or fall below contracted price levels, Generation is required to post collateral with purchasers; as market prices fall below
contracted price levels, counterparties are required to post collateral with Generation. To post collateral, Generation depends on
access to bank credit facilities, which serve as liquidity sources to fund collateral requirements. See ITEM 7. Liquidity and Capital
Resources  — Credit Matters — Exelon Credit Facilities for additional information.
The Utility Registrants
As of December 31, 2018 , ComEd held $38 million  in collateral from suppliers in association with energy procurement contracts,
approximately $31 million  in collateral from suppliers for REC contract obligations and approximately $19 million  in collateral from
suppliers for long-term renewable energy contracts. BGE is not required to post collateral under its electric supply contracts but was
holding an immaterial amount of collateral unde r its electric supply procurement contracts. BGE was not required to post collateral
under its natural gas procurement contracts, but was holding an immaterial amount of collatera l under its natural gas procurement
contracts. Pepco and DPL were not required to post collateral under their energy and/or natural gas procurement contracts, but were
holding an immaterial amount of collateral under their respective electric supply procurement contracts. PECO and ACE were not
required to post collatera l under their energy and/or natural gas procurement contracts. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note
12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
RTOs and ISOs (All Registrants)
All Registran ts participat e in all, or some, of the established, wholesale spot energy markets that are administered by PJM, ISO-NE,
ISO-NY , CAISO, MISO,  SPP, AESO, OIESO and ERCOT . ERCOT  is not subject to regulatio n by FERC but performs a similar
function in Texas to that performed by RTOs in markets regulated by FERC. In these areas, power is traded through bilateral
agreements between buyers and sellers and on the spot energy markets that are administered by the RTOs or ISOs, as applicable.
In areas where there is no spot energy market, electricity is purchased and sold solely through bilateral agreements. For sales into
the spot markets admini stered by an RTO or ISO, the RTO or ISO maintains financial assurance policies that are established and
enforced by those admin istrators. The credit policies of the RTOs and ISOs may, under certain circumstances, require that losses
arising from the default of one member on spot energy market transactions be shared by the remaining participants. Non-
performance or non-payment by a major counterparty could result in a material adverse impact on the Registrants’  financial
statements.
Exchange T raded T ransactions (Exelon, Generation, PHI and DPL)
Generation enters into commodity transactions on NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX and the Nodal exchange ("the Exchanges"). DPL
enters into commodity transactions on ICE. The Exchange clearinghouses act as the counterpart y to each trade. Transactions on the
Exchanges must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. As a result, transactions on Exchanges are
significantly collateralized and have limited counterparty credit risk.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (All Registrants)
The Registrants use a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage interest rate exposure. The Registrants may also
utilize interest rate swaps to manage their interest rate exposure. At December 31, 2018 , Exelon had $800 million  of notional
amounts of fixed-to-floating hedges outstanding and Exelon and Generation had $622 million  of notional amounts of floating-to-fixed
hedges outstanding. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in the interest rates associated with unhedged variable-rate debt
(excluding Commercial Paper) and fixed-to-flo ating swaps would result in approximately a $6 million decrease in Exelon
Consolidated pre-tax income for the year ended  December 31, 2018 . To manage  foreign exchange rate exposure associated with
international energy purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, Generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives, which are
typically designated as economic hedges. See Note 12—Derivative Financial Instruments  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
169
Table of Contents
Equity Price Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation maintain trust funds, as required by the NRC, to fund certain costs of decommissioning its nuclear plants. As
of December 31, 2018 , Generation’ s NDT funds are reflected at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The mix of securities
in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to compensate Generation for inflationary
increases in decommissioning costs; however , the equity securities in the trust funds are exposed to price fluctuations in equity
markets, and the value of fixed-rate, fixed-income securities are exposed to changes in interest  rates. Generation actively monitors
the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocation in acco rdance with Generation’ s NDT fund
investment policy . A hypo thetical 10% increase in interest rates and decrease in equity prices would result in a $529 million reduction
in the fair value of the trust assets. This calcula tion holds all other variables constant and assu mes only the discussed changes in
interest rates and equity prices. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND
RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  for additional informati on of equity price risk as a result of the current capital and credit market
conditions.
170
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Generation
General
Generation’ s integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical
regions through its customer-facing business, Constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. Generation has six reportable
segments consisting of the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions. These segments are
discussed in further detail in ITEM 1.  BUSINESS  — Exelon Generation Company , LLC  of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s executive overview is set forth under ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS  — Exelon Corporation  — Executive Overview  of this
Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
A discussion of Generation’ s results of operations for 2018  comp ared to 2017  and 2017  comp ared to 2016  is set forth under Results
of Operations—Generation in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Generation’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. Generation’ s capital resources are primarily
provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , extern al financing, including the issuance
of long-term debt, commercial paper , participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from Exelon. Generation’ s
access to external finan cing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that
of the utility industry in general. If these conditio ns deteriorate to where Generation no longer has access to the capital markets at
reasonable terms, Gene ration has credit facilities  in the aggregate of $5.3 billion that currently support its commercial paper program
and issuances of letters of credit. 
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund Generation’ s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. Generation spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
171
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to Gener ation is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of Genera tion’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth
under Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of Generation’ s critical accounting policies
and estimates. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Generation
Generation is exposed to market risks associa ted with commodity price, credit, interest rates and equity price. These risks are
described above under Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk — Exelon.
172
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
ComEd
General
ComEd operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision of distribu tion and transmission services to retail customers in northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago. This
segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—ComEd of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION—Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
A discussion  of ComEd’ s results of operations for 2018  compared to 2017  and for 2017  compared to 2016  is set forth under Results
of Operations—ComEd in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
ComEd’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ComEd’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. ComEd’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on
its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. At December 31, 2018 , ComEd had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund ComEd’ s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. ComEd spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , ComEd operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash  flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
173
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to ComEd is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of ComEd’ s contractual obligations , commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of ComEd’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
ComEd
ComEd is exposed to market risks associated with commodity price, credit and interest rates . These risks are described above
under Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
174
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
PECO
General
PECO opera tes in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern Pennsylvania including the City of Philadelphia, and the
purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in Pennsylvania in the counties surrounding
the City of Philadelphia. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—PECO of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to PECO’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION—Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016 
A discussion  of PECO’ s results of operations for 2018  compared to 2017  and for 2017  compared to 2016  is set forth under Results
of Operations—PECO in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
PECO’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. PECO’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. PECO’ s access to external financing at reasonable
terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these
conditions deteriorate to where PECO no longer has access to the capital markets at reasona ble terms, PECO has access to a
revolving credit facility . At December 31, 2018 , PECO had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of
$600 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund PECO’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. PECO spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , PECO operates in a rate-regulated  environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
175
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to PECO is set forth under Credit Matters in “EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of PECO’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of PECO’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
PECO
PECO is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
176
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
BGE
General
BGE operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services in central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore, and the purchase and
regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore. This
segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—BGE of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to BGE’ s execut ive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPO RATION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
A discussion  of BGE’ s results of operations for 2018  compared to 2017  and for 2017  compared to 2016  is set forth under Resul ts of
Operations—BGE in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
BGE’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. BGE’ s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper . BGE’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general
business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deteri orate to where BGE no longer has
access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, BGE has access to a revolving credit facility . At December 31, 2018 , BGE  had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund BGE’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. BGE spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , BGE operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new inves tment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Investing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
177
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to BGE is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of BGE’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of BGE’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
BGE
BGE is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are desc ribed above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
178
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
PHI
General
PHI has three reportab le segments Pepco, DPL, and ACE. Its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale
and supply of natural gas in Delaware. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — PHI of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Successor Period Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017, Successor
Period of March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 and Predecessor Period of January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
A discussion of PHI’s results of operations for 2018  compared to 2017 , March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016  and January 1, 2016
to March 23, 2016  is set forth under Resul ts of Operations—PHI in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Opera tions of this Form
10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
PHI’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. PHI’s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the Exelon money pool or capital contributions from Exelon. PHI’s access to external
financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions,  as well as that of the utility industry
in general.
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund PHI’s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. PHI spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “Cas h Flows from Investing Activities” in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
179
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to PHI is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON COR PORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of PHI’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance shee t arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of PHI’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
PHI
PHI is exposed to market risks associated with commodity price, credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk — Exelon.
180
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Pepco
General
Pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision  of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in District of Columbia and major portions of Prince
George’ s County and Montgomery County in Maryland. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Pepco
of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to Pepco’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPO RATION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K. 
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
A discussion of Pepco’ s results of operations for 2018  comp ared to 2017  and for 2017  comp ared to 2016  is set forth under Resul ts
of Operations—Pepco in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Pepco’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. Pepco’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. Pepco’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on
its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.  At December 31, 2018 , Pepc o had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund Pepco’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. Pepco spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , Pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new inves tment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
181
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to Pepco is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON  CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of Pepco’ s contractual obligations , commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of Pepco’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Pepco
Pepco is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are desc ribed above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
182
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
DPL
General
DPL operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of Maryland and Delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale
and supply of natural gas in New Castle County , Delaware. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — DPL
of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to DPL’s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
A discussion of DPL’s results of operations for 2018  compared to 2017  and for 2017  compared to 2016  is set forth under Results of
Operations—DPL  in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
DPL’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. DPL’s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper . DPL’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general
business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deter iorate to where DPL no longer has
access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, DPL has access to a revolving credit facilit y. At December 31, 2018 , DPL had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund DPL’s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension  and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. DPL spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , DPL operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
183
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to DPL is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON COR PORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of DPL’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of DPL’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
DPL
DPL is exposed to market risks associated with commodity price, credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
184
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
ACE
General
ACE operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern New Jersey . This segment is discussed
in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — ACE of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to ACE’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2017 and Year Ended December 31,
2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2016
A discussion of ACE’ s results of operations for 2018  compared to 2017  and for 2017  compared to 2016  is set forth under Resul ts of
Operations—ACE in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
ACE’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ACE’ s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrow ings. ACE’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its
credit ratings and gener al business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. At December 31, 2018 , ACE had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million .
See EXELO N CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund ACE’s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and other postretirem ent benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. ACE spends a
significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Additionally , ACE operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and
where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
185
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to ACE is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of ACE’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of ACE’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
ACE
ACE is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
186
Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The manage ment of Exelon Corporation (Exelo n) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Exelon’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Exelon’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 8, 2019
187
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Exelon Generation Comp any, LLC (Generation) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reaso nable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Generation’ s manageme nt conducted an assess ment of the effectiveness of Generation’ s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2018 . In making this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment,
Generation’ s management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , Generation ’s internal control over financial reporting was
effective.
 
The effectiveness of Generation’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 8, 2019
188
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The manage ment of Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd) is responsible for establishing  and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ComEd’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ComEd’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiveness of ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , has been  audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 8, 2019
189
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of PECO Energy Company (PECO) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PECO’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PECO’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiv eness of PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 8, 2019
190
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
BGE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, BGE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiv eness of BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 8, 2019
191
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Pepco Holdings LLC (PHI) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PHI’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PHI’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PHI’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , PHI’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiv eness of PHI’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 8, 2019
192
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Potomac Electric Power Company (Pepco) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Pepco’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Pepco’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
  
February 8, 2019
193
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Delmarva Power & Light Company (DPL) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
DPL’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of DPL’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, DPL’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , DPL ’s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 8, 2019
194
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Atlantic City Electric Company (ACE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ACE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018 . In making  this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ACE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018 , ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 8, 2019
195
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Exelon Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(1)(i), and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1 )(ii), of Exelon Corporation and its
subsidiaries (the "Company") (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial repor ting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinio n, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position  of
the Compan y as of Dece mber 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2018 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8.  Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’ s consolidated  financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accountin g Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are requir ed to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated  financial statements included performing proced ures to assess the risks of material misstateme nt of
the consolidated  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial
statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.  A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
196
Table of Contents
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2000.  
197
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Exelon Generation Company , LLC
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(2)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(ii), of Exelon Generation Company , LLC
and its subsidiaries (the "Company") (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial repor ting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinio n, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position  of
the Compan y as of Dece mber 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2018 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8.  Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’ s consolidated  financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accountin g Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are requir ed to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated  financial statements included performing proced ures to assess the risks of material misstateme nt of
the consolidated  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial
statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.  A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
198
Table of Contents
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2001.  
199
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Commonwealth Edison Company
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(3)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(3)(ii), of Commonwealth Edison Company
and its subsidiaries (the "Company") (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial repor ting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinio n, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position  of
the Compan y as of Dece mber 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2018 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8.  Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’ s consolidated  financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accountin g Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are requir ed to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated  financial statements included performing proced ures to assess the risks of material misstateme nt of
the consolidated  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial
statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.  A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
200
Table of Contents
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2000.  
 
201
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of PECO Energy Company
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(4)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(4)(ii), of PECO Energy Company and its
subsidiaries (the "Company") (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial repor ting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinio n, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position  of
the Compan y as of Dece mber 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2018 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8.  Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’ s consolidated  financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accountin g Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are requir ed to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated  financial statements included performing proced ures to assess the risks of material misstateme nt of
the consolidated  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial
statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.  A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
202
Table of Contents
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 1932.
203
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(5)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(5)(ii), of Baltimore Gas and Electric
Company and its subsidiaries (the "Company") (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have
audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
 
In our opinio n, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position  of
the Compan y as of Dece mber 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2018 in conform ity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions
on the Company’ s consolidated  financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated  financial statements included performing proced ures to assess the risks of material misstateme nt of
the consolidated  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial
statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.  A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
204
Table of Contents
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .  
  
205
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Pepco Holdings LLC
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(6)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(iii), of Pepco Holdings LLC and its
subsidiaries (Successor)  (the "Company") (colle ctively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited
the Compan y's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinio n, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position  of
the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2018 and for the period from March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reportin g as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8.  Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’ s consolidated  financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accountin g Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are requir ed to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated  financial statements included performing proced ures to assess the risks of material misstateme nt of
the consolidated  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial
statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessin g the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.  A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policie s and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
206
Table of Contents
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2001.  
207
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Member of Pepco Holdings LLC
In our opinio n, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(ii) present fairly, in all material
respects, the results of operations and cash flows of Pepco Holdings LLC and its subsidiari es (formerly Pepco Holdings, Inc.)
(Predecessor) for the period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United State s of America.  In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule for the period January 1, 2016 to March 23,
2016 listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(iv) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein
when read in conjunction with the related cons olidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit.  We conducted our audit of these financial statements in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
 An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclo sures in the financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  W e believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 13, 2017
 
208
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Potomac Electric Power Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(ii), of Potomac Electric Power Company (the
"Company") (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require
that we plan and perfor m the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financ ial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosure s in the financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements.  W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
  
209
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Delmarva Power & Light Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(ii), of Delmarva Power & Light Company (the
"Company") (collectively  referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require
that we plan and perfor m the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financ ial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosure s in the financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements.  W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
 
210
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Atlantic City Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(9)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(9)(ii), of Atlantic City Electric Company and
its subsidiary (the "Company") (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financia l statements based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordanc e with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements.  Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated  financial statements.  W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Washington, DC
February 8, 2019
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998.
211
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Incom e
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Competitive businesses revenues$ 19,168 $ 17,394 $ 16,330
Rate-regulated utility revenues16,879 15,964 14,988
Revenues from alternative revenue programs(62) 207 48
Total operating revenues35,985 33,565 31,366
Operating expenses    
Competitive businesses purchased power and fuel11,679 9,668 8,817
Rate-regulated utility purchased power and fuel4,991 4,367 3,823
Operating and maintenance9,337 10,025 9,954
Depreciation and amortization4,353 3,828 3,936
Taxes other than income1,783 1,731 1,576
     Total operating expenses 32,143 29,619 28,106
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses56 3 (48)
Bargain purchase gain— 233 —
Gain on deconsolidation of business— 213 —
Operating income 3,898 4,395 3,212
Other income and (deductions)   
Interest expense, net(1,529 ) (1,524 ) (1,495 )
Interest expense to af filiates(25) (36) (41)
Other , net(112) 947 297
      Total other income and (deductions) (1,666 ) (613) (1,239 )
Income before income taxes2,232 3,782 1,973
Income taxes120 (126) 753
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates(28) (32) (24)
Net income 2,084 3,876 1,196
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and preference stock dividends74 90 75
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,010 $ 3,786 $ 1,121
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes   
Net income$ 2,084 $ 3,876 $ 1,196
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes    
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:    
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost(66) (56) (48)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost247 197 184
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation adjustment(143) 10 (181)
Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges12 3 2
Unrealized gain on marketable securities— 6 1
Unrealized gain (loss) on investments in unconsolidated af filiates2 4 (4)
Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation(10) 7 10
Other comprehensive income (loss) 42 171 (36)
Comprehensive income 2,126 4,047 1,160
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests and preference stock dividends75 88 75
Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders$ 2,051 $ 3,959 $ 1,085
    
Average shares of common stock outstanding:    
Basic967 947 924
Diluted969 949 927
Earnings per average common share:    
Basic$ 2.08 $ 4.00 $ 1.21
Diluted$ 2.07 $ 3.99 $ 1.21
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
212
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017 2016
Cash flows from operating activities  
Net income$ 2,084  $ 3,876 $ 1,196
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:  
Depreciation, amortization and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization5,971  5,427 5,576
Impairment losses of long-lived assets, intangibles and regulatory assets50 573 306
Gain on deconsolidation of business— (213) —
(Gain) loss on sales of assets and businesses(56) (3) 48
Bargain purchase gain— (233) —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits(106) (362) 656
Net fair value changes related to derivatives294  151 24
Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on NDT  funds303  (616) (229)
Other non-cash operating activities1,124  721 1,333
Changes in assets and liabilities:  
Accounts receivable(565) (470) (432)
Inventories(37) (72) 7
Accounts payable and accrued expenses551  (388) 771
Option premiums (paid) received, net(43) 28 (66)
Collateral received (posted), net82 (158) 931
Income taxes340  299 576
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions(383) (405) (397)
Deposit with IRS— — (1,250 )
Other assets and liabilities(965) (675) (589)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 8,644 7,480 8,461
Cash flows from investing activities 
Capital expenditures(7,594 ) (7,584 ) (8,553 )
Proceeds from termination of direct financing lease investment— — 360
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales8,762  7,845 9,496
Investment in NDT  funds(8,997 ) (8,113 ) (9,738 )
Reduction of restricted cash from deconsolidation of business— (87) —
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net(154) (208) (6,923 )
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses91 219 61
Other investing activities58 (43) (153)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (7,834 ) (7,971 ) (15,450 )
Cash flows from financing activities  
Changes in short-term borrowings(338) (261) (353)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days126  621 240
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days(1) (700) (462)
Issuance of long-term debt3,115  3,470 4,716
Retirement of long-term debt(1,786 ) (2,490 ) (1,936 )
Retirement of long-term debt to financing trust— (250) —
Common stock issued from treasury stock
— 1,150 —
Redemption of preference stock— — (190)
Dividends paid on common stock(1,332 ) (1,236 ) (1,166 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans105  150 55
Sale of noncontrolling interests— 396 372
Other financing activities(108) (83) (85)
Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities (219) 767 1,191
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash591  276 (5,798 )
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period1,190  914 6,712
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 1,781 $ 1,190 $ 914
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
213
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,349 $ 898
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 247 207
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 4,607 4,445
Other 1,256 1,132
Mark-to-market derivative assets 804 976
Unamortized energy contract assets 48 60
Inventories, net   
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 334 340
Materials and supplies 1,351 1,311
Regulatory assets 1,222 1,267
Assets held for sale 904 —
Other 1,238 1,260
Total current assets 13,360 11,896
Property , plant and equipment, net 76,707 74,202
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 8,237 8,021
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 11,661 13,272
Investments 625 640
Goodwill 6,677 6,677
Mark-to-market derivative assets 452 337
Unamortized energy contract assets 372 395
Other 1,575 1,330
Total deferred debits and other assets 29,599 30,672
Total assets(a) $ 119,666 $ 116,770
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
214
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY  
Current liabilities  
Short-term borrowings $ 714 $ 929
Long-term debt due within one year 1,349 2,088
Accounts payable 3,800 3,532
Accrued expenses 2,112 1,837
Payables to af filiates 5 5
Regulatory liabilities 644 523
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 475 232
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 149 231
Renewable energy credit obligation 344 352
Liabilities held for sale 777 —
Other 1,035 1,069
Total current liabilities 11,404 10,798
Long-term debt 34,075 32,176
Long-term debt to financing trusts 390 389
Deferred credits and other liabilities  
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 11,330 11,235
Asset retirement obligations 9,679 10,029
Pension obligations 3,988 3,736
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 1,928 2,093
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,171 1,147
Regulatory liabilities 9,559 9,865
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 479 409
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 463 609
Other 2,130 2,097
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 40,727 41,220
Total liabilities(a)86,596 84,583
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity  
Common stock (No par value, 2,000 shares authorized, 968 shares and 963 shares
outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively) 19,116 18,964
Treasury stock, at cost (2 shares at December 31, 2018 and 2017) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 14,766 14,081
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (2,995 ) (3,026 )
Total shareholders’  equity 30,764 29,896
Noncontrolling interests 2,306 2,291
Total equity 33,070 32,187
Total liabilities and equity $ 119,666 $ 116,770
__________
(a)Exelon’s consolidated assets include $9,667 million and $9,597 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of certain VIEs that can
only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Exelon’s consolidated liabilities include $3,548 million and $3,618 million at December 31, 2018
and 2017, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Exelon. See Note 2–Variable Interest Entities for
additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
215
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
 Shareholders' Equity    
(In millions, shares in thousands)Issued
Shares  Common
Stock  Treasury
Stock  Retained
Earnings  Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss  Noncontrolling
InterestsPreference
Stock  Total
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 954,668  $ 18,676  $ (2,327 ) $ 12,104  $ (2,624 ) $ 1,308 $ 193 $ 27,330
Net income — — — 1,121  — 67 8 1,196
Long-term incentive plan activity 2,868  85 — — — — — 85
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 1,242  55 — — — — — 55
Tax benefit on stock compensation — (18) — — — — — (18)
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — 5 — 5
Adjustment of contingently
redeemable noncontrolling interest
to redemption value — — — — — 157 — 157
Common stock dividends
($1.26/common share) — — — (1,172 ) — — — (1,172 )
Preferred and preference stock — — — — — — (8) (8)
Sale of noncontrolling interests — (4) — — — 243 — 239
Redemption of preference stock — — — — — — (193) (193)
Other comprehensive loss, net of
income taxes — — — — (36) — — (36)
Balance, December 31, 2016 958,778 $ 18,794 $ (2,327 )$ 12,053 $ (2,660 )$ 1,780 $ — $ 27,640
Net income — — — 3,786  — 90 — 3,876
Long-term incentive plan
activity 5,066  56 — — — — — 56
Employee stock purchase
plan issuances 1,324  150 — — — — — 150
Common stock issued from
treasury stock — — 2,204  (1,054 ) — — — 1,150
Sale of noncontrolling interests — (36) — — — 443 — 407
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (20) — (20)
Common stock dividends
($1.31/common share) — — — (1,243 ) — — — (1,243 )
Other comprehensive income
(loss), net of income taxes — — — — 173 (2) — 171
Impact of adoption of
Reclassification of Certain Tax
Effects from AOCI standard — — — 539 (539) — — —
Balance, December 31, 2017 965,168 $ 18,964 $ (123)$ 14,081 $ (3,026 )$ 2,291 $ — $ 32,187
Net income — — — 2,010  — 74 — 2,084
Long-term incentive plan activity 3,534  41 — — — — — 41
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 1,318  105 — — — — — 105
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (60) — (60)
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 6 — — — — — 6
Common stock dividends
($1.38/common share)
— — — (1,339 ) — — — (1,339 )
Other comprehensive income, net
of income taxes — — — — 41 1 — 42
Impact of adoption of Recognition
and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Liabilities standard
— — — 14 (10) — — 4
Balance, December 31, 2018 970,020 $ 19,116 $ (123)$ 14,766 $ (2,995 )$ 2,306 $ — $ 33,070
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
216
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Operating revenues $ 19,169 $ 17,385 $ 16,318
Operating revenues from af filiates 1,268 1,115 1,439
Total operating revenues 20,437 18,500 17,757
Operating expenses    
Purchased power and fuel 11,679 9,671 8,818
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates 14 19 12
Operating and maintenance 4,803 5,602 5,000
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 661 697 663
Depreciation and amortization 1,797 1,457 1,879
Taxes other than income 556 555 506
Total operating expenses 19,510 18,001 16,878
Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses 48 2 (59)
Bargain purchase gain — 233 —
Gain on deconsolidation of business — 213 —
Operating income 975 947 820
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (396) (401) (325)
Interest expense to af filiates (36) (39) (39)
Other , net (178) 948 401
Total other income and (deductions) (610) 508 37
Income before income taxes 365 1,455 857
Income taxes (108) (1,376 ) 282
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (30) (33) (25)
Net income 443 2,798 550
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 73 88 67
Net income attributable to membership interest $ 370 $ 2,710 $ 483
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes    
Net income $ 443 $ 2,798 $ 550
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes    
Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges 12 3 2
Unrealized gain (loss) on investments in unconsolidated af filiates 1 4 (4)
Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation (10) 7 10
Unrealized gain on marketable securities — 1 1
Other comprehensive income 3 15 9
Comprehensive income $ 446 $ 2,813 $ 559
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 74 86 67
Comprehensive income attributable to membership interest $ 372 $ 2,727 $ 492
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
217
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016
Cash flows from operating activities  
Net income$ 443  $ 2,798  $ 550
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:   
Depreciation, amortization and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization3,415  3,056  3,519
Impairment losses of long-lived assets50 510  243
Gain on deconsolidation of business— (213) —
(Gain) loss on sales of assets and businesses(48) (2) 59
Bargain purchase gain— (233) —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits(451) (2,023 ) (277)
Net fair value changes related to derivatives307  167  40
Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on NDT  fund investments303  (616) (229)
Other non-cash operating activities298  112  15
Changes in assets and liabilities:   
Accounts receivable(359) (320) (152)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net8 (7) (21)
Inventories(12) (29) (4)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses376  4 29
Option premiums (paid) received, net(43) 28 (66)
Collateral received (posted), net64 (129) 923
Income taxes(193) 496  182
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions(139) (148) (152)
Other assets and liabilities(158) (152) (217)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 3,861 3,299 4,442
Cash flows from investing activities   
Capital expenditures(2,242 ) (2,259 ) (3,078 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales8,762  7,845  9,496
Investment in NDT  funds(8,997 ) (8,113 ) (9,738 )
Reduction of restricted cash from deconsolidation of business
— (87) —
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses90 218  37
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net(154) (208) (293)
Other investing activities10 (58) (240)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (2,531 ) (2,662 ) (3,816 )
Cash flows from financing activities  
Change in short-term borrowings— (620) 620
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days1 121  240
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days(1) (200) (162)
Issuance of long-term debt15 1,645  388
Retirement of long-term debt(141) (1,261 ) (202)
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool46 (1) (1,191 )
Distributions to member(1,001 ) (659) (922)
Contributions from member155  102  142
Sale of noncontrolling interests— 396  372
Other financing activities(55) (54) (19)
Net cash flows used in financing activities (981) (531) (734)
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash349  106  (108)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period554  448  556
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 903 $ 554 $ 448
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
218
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 750 $ 416
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 153 138
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 2,941 2,697
Other 562 321
Mark-to-market derivative assets 804 976
Receivables from af filiates 173 140
Unamortized energy contract assets 49 60
Inventories, net   
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 251 264
Materials and supplies 963 937
Assets held for sale 904 —
Other 883 933
Total current assets 8,433 6,882
Property , plant and equipment, net 23,981 24,906
Deferred debits and other assets   
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 11,661 13,272
Investments 414 433
Goodwill 47 47
Mark-to-market derivative assets 452 334
Prepaid pension asset 1,421 1,502
Unamortized energy contract assets 371 395
Deferred income taxes 21 16
Other 755 670
Total deferred debits and other assets 15,142 16,669
Total assets(a) $ 47,556 $ 48,457
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
219
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company, LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ — $ 2
Long-term debt due within one year 906 346
Accounts payable 1,847 1,773
Accrued expenses 898 1,022
Payables to af filiates 139 123
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 100 54
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 449 211
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 31 43
Renewable energy credit obligation 343 352
Liabilities held for sale 777 —
Other 279 265
Total current liabilities 5,769 4,191
Long-term debt 6,989 7,734
Long-term debt to affiliates 898 910
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 3,383 3,811
Asset retirement obligations 9,450 9,844
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 900 916
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,171 1,147
Payables to af filiates 2,606 3,065
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 252 174
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 20 48
Other 610 658
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 18,392 19,663
Total liabilities(a)32,048 32,498
Commitments and contingencies
Equity   
Member ’s equity   
Membership interest 9,518 9,357
Undistributed earnings 3,724 4,349
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (38) (37)
Total member ’s equity 13,204 13,669
Noncontrolling interests 2,304 2,290
Total equity 15,508 15,959
Total liabilities and equity $ 47,556 $ 48,457
__________
(a)Generation’s consolidated assets include $9,634 million and $9,556 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of certain VIEs that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Generation’s consolidated liabilities include $3,480 million and $3,516 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Generation. See Note 2–Variable
Interest Entities for additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
220
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company, LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Member’s Equity
Noncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity (In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss, net
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 8,997  $ 2,737  $ (63) $ 1,307 $ 12,978
Net income — 483 — 67 550
Sale of noncontrolling interests (4) — — 243 239
Adjustment of contingently redeemable
noncontrolling interests due to release of
contingency — — — 157 157
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — 5 5
Contributions from member 268  — — — 268
Distributions to member — (922) — — (922)
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — 9 — 9
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 9,261 $ 2,298 $ (54)$ 1,779 $ 13,284
Net income — 2,710 — 88 2,798
Sale of noncontrolling interests (36) — — 443 407
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (18) (18)
Distribution of net retirement benefit
obligation to member 33 — — — 33
Contributions from member 99 — — — 99
Distributions to member — (659) — — (659)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net
of income taxes — — 17 (2) 15
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 9,357 $ 4,349 $ (37)$ 2,290 $ 15,959
Net income — 370  — 73 443
Sale of noncontrolling interests 6 — — — 6
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (60) (60)
Contributions from member 155  — — — 155
Distributions to member — (1,001 ) — — (1,001 )
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — 2 1 3
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and
Liabilities standard — 6 (3) — 3
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,518  $ 3,724  $ (38) $ 2,304 $ 15,508
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
221
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 5,884 $ 5,478 $ 5,263
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (29) 43 (24)
Operating revenues from af filiates 27 15 15
Total operating revenues 5,882 5,536 5,254
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 1,626 1,533 1,411
Purchased power from af filiates 529 108 47
Operating and maintenance 1,068 1,157 1,303
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 267 270 227
Depreciation and amortization 940 850 775
Taxes other than income 311 296 293
Total operating expenses 4,741 4,214 4,056
Gain on sales of assets 5 1 7
Operating income 1,146 1,323 1,205
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (334) (348) (448)
Interest expense to af filiates (13) (13) (13)
Other , net 33 22 (65)
Total other income and (deductions) (314) (339) (526)
Income before income taxes 832 984 679
Income taxes 168 417 301
Net income $ 664 $ 567 $ 378
Comprehensive income $ 664 $ 567 $ 378
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
222
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income $ 664 $ 567  $ 378
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:    
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 940 850  775
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 259 659  439
Other non-cash operating activities 242 164  215
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
Accounts receivable (136) (59) (25)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 26 8 3
Inventories 1 4 1
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 70 (297) 339
Counterparty collateral received (posted), net and cash deposits 11 (26) 7
Income taxes 62 (308) 306
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (42) (41) (38)
Other assets and liabilities (348) 6 105
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,749 1,527  2,505
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (2,126 ) (2,250 ) (2,734 )
Other investing activities 29 20 49
Net cash flows used in investing activities (2,097 ) (2,230 ) (2,685 )
Cash flows from financing activities    
Changes in short-term borrowings — — (294)
Issuance of long-term debt 1,350 1,000  1,200
Retirement of long-term debt (840) (425) (665)
Contributions from parent 500 651  315
Dividends paid on common stock (459) (422) (369)
Other financing activities (17) (15) (18)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 534 789  169
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 186 86 (11)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 144 58 69
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 330 $ 144  $ 58
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
223
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 135 $ 76
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 29 5
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 539 559
Other 320 266
Receivables from af filiates 20 13
Inventories, net 148 152
Regulatory assets 293 225
Other 86 68
Total current assets 1,570 1,364
Property , plant and equipment, net 22,058 20,723
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 1,307 1,054
Investments 6 6
Goodwill 2,625 2,625
Receivables from af filiates 2,217 2,528
Prepaid pension asset 1,035 1,188
Other 395 238
Total deferred debits and other assets 7,585 7,639
Total assets $ 31,213 $ 29,726
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
224
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Long-term debt due within one year $ 300 $ 840
Accounts payable 607 568
Accrued expenses 373 327
Payables to af filiates 119 74
Customer deposits 111 112
Regulatory liabilities 293 249
Mark-to-market derivative liability 26 21
Other 96 103
Total current liabilities 1,925 2,294
Long-term debt 7,801 6,761
Long-term debt to financing trust 205 205
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 3,813 3,469
Asset retirement obligations 118 111
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 201 219
Regulatory liabilities 6,050 6,328
Mark-to-market derivative liability 223 235
Other 630 562
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 11,035 10,924
Total liabilities 20,966 20,184
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity   
Common stock 1,588 1,588
Other paid-in capital 7,322 6,822
Retained deficit unappropriated (1,639 ) (1,639 )
Retained earnings appropriated 2,976 2,771
Total shareholders’  equity 10,247 9,542
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 31,213 $ 29,726
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
225
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity
(In millions)Common
Stock  Other
Paid-In
CapitalRetained Deficit
Unappropriated Retained
Earnings
AppropriatedTotal
Shareholders’
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 1,588  $ 5,677 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,617 $ 8,243
Net income — — 378  — 378
Common stock dividends — — — (369) (369)
Contribution from parent — 315 — — 315
Parent tax matter indemnification — 158 — — 158
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (378) 378 —
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 1,588  $ 6,150 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,626 $ 8,725
Net income — — 567  — 567
Common stock dividends — — — (422) (422)
Contributions from parent — 651 — — 651
Parent tax matter indemnification — 21 — — 21
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (567) 567 —
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,588  $ 6,822 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,771 $ 9,542
Net income — — 664  — 664
Common stock dividends — — — (459) (459)
Contributions from parent — 500 — — 500
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (664) 664 —
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,588  $ 7,322 $ (1,639 ) $ 2,976 $ 10,247
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
226
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 2,469 $ 2,369 $ 2,524
Natural gas operating revenues 568 494 462
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (7) — —
Operating revenues from af filiates 8 7 8
Total operating revenues 3,038 2,870 2,994
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 734 648 598
Purchased fuel 230 186 162
Purchased power from af filiates 126 135 287
Operating and maintenance 742 657 665
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 156 149 146
Depreciation and amortization 301 286 270
Taxes other than income 163 154 164
Total operating expenses 2,452 2,215 2,292
Gain on sales of assets 1 — —
Operating income 587 655 702
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (115) (115) (111)
Interest expense to af filiates, net (14) (11) (12)
Other , net 8 9 8
Total other income and (deductions) (121) (117) (115)
Income before income taxes 466 538 587
Income taxes 6 104 149
Net income $ 460 $ 434 $ 438
Comprehensive income $ 460 $ 434 $ 438
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
227
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016
Cash flows from operating activities     
Net income $ 460  $ 434  $ 438
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by
operating activities:     
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 301  286  270
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax
credits (5) 19 78
Other non-cash operating activities 51 54 65
Changes in assets and liabilities:     
Accounts receivable (74) (44) (71)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 7 (6) 6
Inventories (14) 1 6
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (3) 6 67
Income taxes 15 34 8
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit
contributions (28) (24) (30)
Other assets and liabilities 29 (5) (8)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 739 755 829
Cash flows from investing activities     
Capital expenditures (849) (732) (686)
Changes in intercompany money pool — 131  (131)
Other investing activities 9 4 20
Net cash flows used in investing activities (840) (597) (797)
Cash flows from financing activities     
Issuance of long-term debt 700  325  300
Retirement of long-term debt (500) — (300)
Contributions from parent 89 16 18
Dividends paid on common stock (306) (288) (277)
Other financing activities (22) (3) (4)
Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities (39) 50 (263)
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (140) 208  (231)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 275  67 298
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 135 $ 275 $ 67
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
228
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 130 $ 271
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 5 4
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 321 327
Other 151 105
Inventories, net   
Fossil fuel 38 31
Materials and supplies 37 30
Prepaid utility taxes — 8
Regulatory assets 81 29
Other 19 17
Total current assets 782 822
Property , plant and equipment, net 8,610 8,053
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 460 381
Investments 25 25
Receivables from af filiates 389 537
Prepaid pension asset 349 340
Other 27 12
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,250 1,295
Total assets $ 10,642 $ 10,170
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
229
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Long-term debt due within one year $ — $ 500
Accounts payable 370 370
Accrued expenses 113 114
Payables to af filiates 59 53
Customer deposits 68 66
Regulatory liabilities 175 141
Other 24 23
Total current liabilities 809 1,267
Long-term debt 3,084 2,403
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 184
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,933 1,789
Asset retirement obligations 27 27
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 288 288
Regulatory liabilities 421 549
Other 76 86
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,745 2,739
Total liabilities 6,822 6,593
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock 2,578 2,489
Retained earnings 1,242 1,087
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net — 1
Total shareholder's equity 3,820 3,577
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 10,642 $ 10,170
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
230
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
Stock  Retained
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
IncomeTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 2,455  $ 780 $ 1 $ 3,236
Net income — 438 — 438
Common stock dividends — (277) — (277)
Contributions from parent 18 — — 18
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 2,473 $ 941 $ 1 $ 3,415
Net income — 434 — 434
Common stock dividends — (288) — (288)
Contributions from parent 16 — — 16
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 2,489 $ 1,087 $ 1 $ 3,577
Net income — 460 — 460
Common stock dividends — (306) — (306)
Contributions from parent 89 — — 89
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities
standard — 1 (1) —
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 2,578 $ 1,242 $ — $ 3,820
 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
231
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 2,428 $ 2,384 $ 2,531
Natural gas operating revenues 738 652 628
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (26) 124 53
Operating revenues from af filiates 29 16 21
Total operating revenues 3,169 3,176 3,233
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 671 566 528
Purchased fuel 254 183 162
Purchased power from af filiates 257 384 604
Operating and maintenance 615 563 605
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 162 153 132
Depreciation and amortization 483 473 423
Taxes other than income 254 240 229
Total operating expenses 2,696 2,562 2,683
Gain on sales of assets 1 — —
Operating income 474 614 550
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (106) (95) (87)
Interest expense to af filiates — (10) (16)
Other , net 19 16 21
Total other income and (deductions) (87) (89) (82)
Income before income taxes 387 525 468
Income taxes 74 218 174
Net income 313 307 294
Preference stock dividends — — 8
Net income attributable to common shareholder $ 313 $ 307 $ 286
    
Comprehensive income $ 313 $ 307 $ 294
Comprehensive income attributable to preference stock dividends — — 8
Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholder $ 313 $ 307 $ 286
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
232
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016
Cash flows from operating activities     
Net income $ 313  $ 307  $ 294
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:     
Depreciation and amortization 483  473  423
Impairment losses on long-lived assets and regulatory assets — 7 52
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 76 145  118
Other non-cash operating activities 58 65 88
Changes in assets and liabilities:     
Accounts receivable 8 (5) (98)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 12 (4) 3
Inventories 2 (9) 1
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (1) (15) 138
Collateral received, net 4 — —
Income taxes (20) 60 18
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (54) (53) (49)
Other assets and liabilities (92) (150) (43)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 789 821 945
Cash flows from investing activities     
Capital expenditures (959) (882) (934)
Other investing activities 9 7 24
Net cash flows used in investing activities (950) (875) (910)
Cash flows from financing activities     
Changes in short-term borrowings (42) 32 (165)
Issuance of long-term debt 300  300  850
Retirement of long-term debt — (41) (379)
Retirement of long-term debt to financing trust — (250) —
Redemption of preference stock — — (190)
Dividends paid on preference stock — — (8)
Dividends paid on common stock (209) (198) (179)
Contributions from parent 109  184  61
Other financing activities (2) (5) (11)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 156 22 (21)
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (5) (32) 14
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 18 50 36
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 13 $ 18 $ 50
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
233
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 7$ 17
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 6 1
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 353 375
Other 90 94
Receivables from af filiates 1 1
Inventories, net   
Gas held in storage 36 37
Materials and supplies 39 40
Prepaid utility taxes 74 69
Regulatory assets 177 174
Other 3 3
Total current assets 786 811
Property , plant and equipment, net 8,243 7,602
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 398 397
Investments 5 5
Prepaid pension asset 279 285
Other 5 4
Total deferred debits and other assets 687 691
Total assets $ 9,716 $ 9,104
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
234
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 35 $ 77
Accounts payable 295 265
Accrued expenses 155 164
Payables to af filiates 65 52
Customer deposits 120 116
Regulatory liabilities 77 62
Other 27 24
Total current liabilities 774 760
Long-term debt 2,876 2,577
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,222 1,244
Asset retirement obligations 24 23
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 201 202
Regulatory liabilities 1,192 1,101
Other 73 56
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,712 2,626
Total liabilities 6,362 5,963
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock 1,714 1,605
Retained earnings 1,640 1,536
Total shareholder's equity 3,354 3,141
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 9,716 $ 9,104
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
235
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
Stock  Retained
Earnings Total
Shareholder's
Equity  Preference 
stock
not subject to
mandatory
redemptionTotal
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 1,367  $ 1,320  $ 2,687  $ 190 $ 2,877
Net income — 294  294  — 294
Preference stock dividends — (8) (8) — (8)
Common stock dividends — (179) (179) — (179)
Distributions to parent (7) — (7) (7)
Contributions from parent 61 — 61 — 61
Redemption of preference stock — — — (190) (190)
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 1,421 $ 1,427 $ 2,848 $ — $ 2,848
Net income — 307  307  — 307
Common stock dividends — (198) (198) — (198)
Contributions from parent 184  — 184  — 184
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,605 $ 1,536 $ 3,141 $ — $ 3,141
Net income — 313  313  — 313
Common stock dividends — (209) (209) — (209)
Contributions from parent 109  — 109  — 109
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,714 $ 1,640 $ 3,354 $ — $ 3,354
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
236
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Successor   Predecessor
 For the Years Ended
December 31,  March 24 to
December 31,  January 1 to
March 23,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016   2016
Operating revenues       
Electric operating revenues $ 4,609  $ 4,428  $ 3,463   $ 1,122
Natural gas operating revenues 181  161  92  57
Revenues from alternative revenue programs — 40 43  (26)
Operating revenues from af filiates 15 50 45  —
Total operating revenues 4,805 4,679  3,643   1,153
Operating expenses       
Purchased power 1,387  1,182  925   471
Purchased fuel 89 71 36  26
Purchased power from af filiates 355  463  486   —
Operating and maintenance 978  918  1,144   294
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 152  150  89  —
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 740  675  515   152
Taxes other than income 455  452  354   105
Total operating expenses 4,156 3,911  3,549   1,048
Gain (loss) on sales of assets 1 1 (1)  —
Operating income 650 769  93  105
Other income and (deductions)       
Interest expense, net (261) (245) (195)  (65)
Other , net 43 54 44  (4)
Total other income and (deductions) (218) (191) (151)  (69)
Income (loss) before income taxes 432 578  (58)  36
Income taxes 35 217  3  17
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates 1 1 —  —
Net income (loss) 398  362  (61)  19
Net income (loss) attributable to membership
interest/common shareholders $ 398  $ 362  $ (61)  $ 19
Comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes       
Net income (loss) $ 398  $ 362  $ (61)  $ 19
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes       
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:       
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic cost — — —  1
Other comprehensive income — — —  1
Comprehensive income (loss) $ 398  $ 362  $ (61)  $ 20
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
237
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 Successor  Predecessor
 For the Years Ended
December 31,  March 24 to
December 31, January 1 to
March 23,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016  2016
Cash flows from operating activities      
Net income (loss) $ 398  $ 362  $ (61) $ 19
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities:      
Depreciation and amortization 740  675  515  152
Impairment losses on intangibles and regulatory assets — 52 — —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 32 252  295  19
Net fair value changes related to derivatives — — — 18
Other non-cash operating activities 143  58 515  46
Changes in assets and liabilities:      
Accounts receivable (2) (26) (21) (28)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 8 (2) 42 —
Inventories (14) (37) 3 (4)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 45 (106) 19 42
Income taxes 34 79 (22) 12
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (74) (99) (86) (4)
Other assets and liabilities (178) (258) (311) (8)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,132  950  888  264
Cash flows from investing activities      
Capital expenditures (1,375 ) (1,396 ) (1,008 ) (273)
Purchases of investments — — — (68)
Other investing activities 4 (1) 15 (5)
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,371 ) (1,397 ) (993) (346)
Cash flows from financing activities      
Changes in short-term borrowings (296) 328  (515) (121)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 125  — — 500
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — (500) (300) —
Issuance of long-term debt 750  202  179  —
Retirement of long-term debt (299) (169) (338) (11)
Common stock issued for the Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend
Reinvestment Plan and employee-related compensation — — — 2
Distributions to member (326) (311) (273) —
Contributions from member 385  758  1,251  —
Change in Exelon intercompany money pool — — (6) —
Other financing activities (9) (2) (5) 2
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 330  306  (7) 372
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 91 (141) (112) 290
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 95 236  348  58
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 186  $ 95 $ 236  $ 348
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
238
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 124 $ 30
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 43 42
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 453 486
Other 177 206
Inventories, net   
Gas held in storage 9 7
Materials and supplies 163 151
Regulatory assets 489 554
Other 75 75
Total current assets 1,533 1,551
Property , plant and equipment, net 13,446 12,498
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 2,312 2,493
Investments 130 132
Goodwill 4,005 4,005
Long-term note receivable — 4
Prepaid pension asset 486 490
Deferred income taxes 12 4
Other 60 70
Total deferred debits and other assets 7,005 7,198
Total assets(a) $ 21,984 $ 21,247
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
239
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 179 $ 350
Long-term debt due within one year 125 396
Accounts payable 496 348
Accrued expenses 256 261
Payables to af filiates 94 90
Regulatory liabilities 84 56
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 119 188
Customer deposits 116 119
Other 123 123
Total current liabilities 1,592 1,931
Long-term debt 6,134 5,478
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,146 2,070
Asset retirement obligations 52 16
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 103 105
Regulatory liabilities 1,864 1,872
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 442 561
Other 369 389
  Total deferred credits and other liabilities 4,976 5,013
Total liabilities(a)12,702 12,422
Commitments and contingencies
Member's equity   
Membership interest 9,220 8,835
Undistributed gains (losses) 62 (10)
Total member's equity 9,282 8,825
Total liabilities and member's equity $ 21,984 $ 21,247
_____________
(a)PHI’s consolidated total assets include $33 million and $41 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE
that can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. PHI’s consolidated total liabilities include $69 million and $102 million at December 31,
2018 and 2017, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to PHI. See Note 2 - Variable Interest
Entities for additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
240
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(In millions, except share data) Common Stock(a) Retained EarningsAccumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss,
netTotal Shareholders'
Equity
Predecessor     
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 3,832  $ 617 $ (36)$ 4,413
Net income — 19 — 19
Original issue shares, net 3 — — 3
Net activity related to stock-based awards 3 — — 3
Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes — — 1 1
Balance, March 23, 2016 $ 3,838 $ 636 $ (35)$ 4,439
     
SuccessorMembership
Interest  Undistributed
Gains/(Losses)Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss,
netTotal
Member's Equity
Balance, March 24, 2016(b)$ 7,200  $ — $ — $ 7,200
Net loss — (61) — (61)
Distributions to member(c)(400) — — (400)
Contributions from member 1,251  — — 1,251
Measurement period adjustment of Exelon’ s deferred
tax liabilities to reflect unitary state income tax
consequences of the merger 35 — — 35
Distribution of net retirement benefit obligation to
member 53 — — 53
Assumption of member liabilities(d)(62) — — (62)
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 8,077 $ (61)$ — $ 8,016
Net Income — 362 — 362
Distributions to member — (311) — (311)
Contributions from member 758  — — 758
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 8,835 $ (10)$ — $ 8,825
Net Income — 398 — 398
Distributions to member — (326) — (326)
Contributions from member 385  — — 385
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,220 $ 62 $ — $ 9,282
__________
(a)At March 23, 2016 and December 31, 2015, PHI's (predecessor) shareholders' equity included $3,835 million and $3,829 million of other paid-
in capital, and $3 million and $3 million of common stock, respectively.
(b)The March 24, 2016, beginning balance differs from the PHI Merger total purchase price by $59 million related to an acquisition accounting
adjustment recorded at Exelon Corporate to reflect unitary state income tax consequences of the merger.
(c)Distribution to member includes $235 million of net assets associated with PHI's unregulated business interests and $165 million of cash, each
of which were distributed by PHI to Exelon.
(d)The liabilities assumed include $29 million for PHI stock-based compensation awards and $33 million for a merger related obligation, each
assumed by PHI from Exelon. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
241
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 2,233 $ 2,126 $ 2,167
Revenues from alternative revenue programs — 26 14
Operating revenues from af filiates 6 6 5
Total operating revenues 2,239 2,158 2,186
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 448 359 411
Purchased power from af filiates 206 255 295
Operating and maintenance 275 396 607
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 226 58 35
Depreciation and amortization 385 321 295
Taxes other than income 379 371 377
Total operating expenses 1,919 1,760 2,020
Gain on sales of assets — 1 8
Operating income 320 399 174
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (128) (121) (127)
Other , net 31 32 36
Total other income and (deductions) (97) (89) (91)
Income before income taxes 223 310 83
Income taxes 13 105 41
Net income $ 210 $ 205 $ 42
Comprehensive income $ 210 $ 205 $ 42
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
242
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income $ 210 $ 205 $ 42
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:    
Depreciation and amortization 385 321 295
Impairment losses on regulatory assets — 14 —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (18) 113 153
Other non-cash operating activities 60 (6) 175
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
Accounts receivable (5) (20) (41)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (17) — 44
Inventories (6) (24) 1
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 59 (63) 32
Income taxes (13) 81 110
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (17) (72) (32)
Other assets and liabilities (164) (142) (128)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 474 407 651
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (656) (628) (586)
Purchases of investments — — (30)
Other investing activities 2 — —
Net cash flows used in investing activities (654) (628) (616)
Cash flows from financing activities    
Changes in short-term borrowings 14 3 (41)
Issuance of long-term debt 200 202 4
Retirement of long-term debt (14) (13) (11)
Dividends paid on common stock (169) (133) (136)
Contributions from parent 166 161 187
Other financing activities (4) (1) (3)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 193 219 —
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 13 (2) 35
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 40 42 7
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 53 $ 40 $ 42
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
243
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 16 $ 5
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 37 35
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 225 250
Other 81 87
Receivables from af filiates 1 —
Inventories, net 93 87
Regulatory assets 270 213
Other 37 33
Total current assets 760 710
Property , plant and equipment, net 6,460 6,001
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 643 678
Investments 105 102
Prepaid pension asset 316 322
Other 15 19
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,079 1,121
Total assets $ 8,299 $ 7,832
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
244
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 40 $ 26
Long-term debt due within one year 15 19
Accounts payable 214  139
Accrued expenses 126  137
Payables to af filiates 62 74
Regulatory liabilities 7 3
Customer deposits 54 54
Merger related obligation 38 42
Current portion of DC PLUG obligation 30 28
Other 42 28
Total current liabilities 628 — 550
Long-term debt 2,704  2,521
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,064  1,063
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 29 36
Regulatory liabilities 822  829
Other 312  300
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,227  2,228
Total liabilities 5,559  5,299
Commitments and contingencies  
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock 1,636  1,470
Retained earnings 1,104  1,063
Total shareholder's equity 2,740  2,533
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 8,299 $ 7,832
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
245
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 1,122  $ 1,118  $ 2,240
Net income — 42 42
Common stock dividends — (169) (169)
Contributions from parent 187  — 187
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 1,309  $ 991  $ 2,300
Net income — 205  205
Common stock dividends — (133) (133)
Contributions from parent 161  — 161
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,470  $ 1,063  $ 2,533
Net income — 210  210
Common stock dividends — (169) (169)
Contributions from parent 166  — 166
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,636  $ 1,104  $ 2,740
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
246
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 1,139 $ 1,125 $ 1,128
Natural gas operating revenues 181 161 148
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 4 6 (6)
Operating revenues from af filiates 8 8 7
Total operating revenues 1,332 1,300 1,277
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 352 282 369
Purchased fuel 89 71 60
Purchased power from af filiates 120 179 154
Operating and maintenance 182 283 422
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 162 32 19
Depreciation and amortization 182 167 157
Taxes other than income 56 57 55
Total operating expenses 1,143 1,071 1,236
Gain on sales of assets 1 — 9
Operating income 190 229 50
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (58) (51) (50)
Other , net 10 14 13
Total other income and (deductions) (48) (37) (37)
Income before income taxes 142 192 13
Income taxes 22 71 22
Net income (loss) $ 120 $ 121 $ (9)
Comprehensive income (loss) $ 120 $ 121 $ (9)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
247
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income (loss) $ 120 $ 121 $ (9)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:    
Depreciation and amortization 182 167 157
Impairment losses on regulatory assets — 6 —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 24 89 109
Other non-cash operating activities 24 9 114
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
Accounts receivable 8 (22) (5)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (9) 11 13
Inventories (3) (5) —
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 11 (8) (4)
Collateral received, net — — 1
Income taxes 2 26 28
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions — (2) (22)
Other assets and liabilities (7) (71) (72)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 352 321 310
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (364) (428) (349)
Other investing activities 2 (1) 13
Net cash flows used in investing activities (362) (429) (336)
Cash flows from financing activities    
Change in short-term borrowings (216) 216 (105)
Issuance of long-term debt 200 — 175
Retirement of long-term debt (4) (40) (100)
Dividends paid on common stock (96) (112) (54)
Contributions from parent 150 — 152
Other financing activities (2) — (1)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 32 64 67
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 22 (44) 41
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 2 46 5
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 24 $ 2$ 46
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
248
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 23 $ 2
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 1 —
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 134 146
Other 46 38
Inventories, net   
Gas held in storage 9 7
Materials and supplies 37 36
Regulatory assets 59 69
Other 27 27
Total current assets 336 325
Property , plant and equipment, net 3,821 3,579
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 231 245
Goodwill 8 8
Prepaid pension asset 186 193
Other 6 7
Total deferred debits and other assets 431 453
Total assets $ 4,588 $ 4,357
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
249
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ — $ 216
Long-term debt due within one year 91 83
Accounts payable 111 82
Accrued expenses 39 35
Payables to af filiates 33 46
Regulatory liabilities 59 42
Customer deposits 35 35
Other 7 8
Total current liabilities 375 547
Long-term debt 1,403 1,217
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 628 603
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 17 14
Regulatory liabilities 606 593
Other 50 48
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 1,301 1,258
Total liabilities 3,079 3,022
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock 914 764
Retained earnings 595 571
Total shareholder's equity 1,509 1,335
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 4,588 $ 4,357
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
250
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 612  $ 625  $ 1,237
Net loss — (9) (9)
Common stock dividends — (54) (54)
Contributions from parent 152  — 152
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 764  $ 562 $ 1,326
Net income — 121  121
Common stock dividends — (112) (112)
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 764  $ 571 $ 1,335
Net income — 120  120
Common stock dividends — (96) (96)
Contributions from parent 150  — 150
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 914  $ 595 $ 1,509
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
251
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017 2016
Operating revenues    
Electric operating revenues $ 1,237 $ 1,176 $ 1,245
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (4) 8 9
Operating revenues from af filiates 3 2 3
Total operating revenues 1,236 1,186 1,257
Operating expenses    
Purchased power 587 541 614
Purchased power from af filiates 29 29 37
Operating and maintenance 188 279 410
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 142 28 18
Depreciation and amortization 136 146 165
Taxes other than income 5 6 7
Total operating expenses 1,087 1,029 1,251
Gain on sale of assets — — 1
Operating income 149 157 7
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (64) (61) (62)
Other , net 2 7 9
Total other income and (deductions) (62) (54) (53)
Income (loss) before income taxes 87 103 (46)
Income taxes 12 26 (4)
Net income (loss) $ 75 $ 77 $ (42)
Comprehensive income (loss) $ 75 $ 77 $ (42)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
252
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017  2016
Cash flows from operating activities    
Net income (loss) $ 75 $ 77 $ (42)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities:    
Depreciation and amortization 136 146  165
Impairment losses on regulatory assets — 7 —
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 25 32 22
Other non-cash operating activities 24 17 155
Changes in assets and liabilities:    
Accounts receivable (8) 14 (8)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 1 — 13
Inventories (4) (7) (1)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (7) (2) 9
Income taxes (2) (11) 174
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (6) (20) (17)
Other assets and liabilities (6) (47) (85)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 228 206 385
Cash flows from investing activities    
Capital expenditures (335) (312) (311)
Other investing activities 1 (1) 4
Net cash flows used in investing activities (334) (313) (307)
Cash flows from financing activities    
Change in short-term borrowings (94) 108  (5)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 125 — —
Issuance of long-term debt 350 — —
Retirement of long-term debt (281) (35) (48)
Dividends paid on common stock (59) (68) (63)
Contributions from parent 67 — 139
Other financing activities (3) — (1)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 105 5 22
(Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) (102) 100
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 31 133  33
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 30 $ 31 $ 133
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
253
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 7$ 2
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 4 6
Accounts receivable, net   
Customer 95 92
Other 55 56
Receivables from af filiates 1 —
Inventories, net 33 29
Regulatory assets 40 71
Other 5 2
Total current assets 240 258
Property , plant and equipment, net 2,966 2,706
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 386 359
Long-term note receivable — 4
Prepaid pension asset 67 73
Other 40 45
Total deferred debits and other assets 493 481
Total assets(a) $ 3,699 $ 3,445
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
254
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   
Current liabilities   
Short-term borrowings $ 139 $ 108
Long-term debt due within one year 18 281
Accounts payable 154 118
Accrued expenses 35 33
Payables to af filiates 28 29
Regulatory liabilities 18 11
Customer deposits 26 31
Other 4 8
Total current liabilities 422 619
Long-term debt 1,170 840
Deferred credits and other liabilities   
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 535 493
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 17 14
Regulatory liabilities 402 411
Other 27 25
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 981 943
Total liabilities(a)2,573 2,402
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity   
Common stock 979 912
Retained earnings 147 131
Total shareholder's equity 1,126 1,043
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 3,699 $ 3,445
_____________
(a)ACE’s consolidated assets include $23 million and $29 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. ACE’s consolidated liabilities include $59 million and $90 million at December 31, 2018 and
2017, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to ACE. See Note 2 - Variable Interest Entities
for additional information.
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
255
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2015 $ 773  $ 227  $ 1,000
Net loss — (42) (42)
Common stock dividends — (63) (63)
Contributions from parent 139  — 139
Balance, December 31, 2016 $ 912 $ 122  $ 1,034
Net income — 77 77
Common stock dividends — (68) (68)
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 912 $ 131  $ 1,043
Net income — 75 75
Common stock dividends — (59) (59)
Contribution from parent 67 — 67
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 979 $ 147  $ 1,126
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
256
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Index to Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The notes to the consolidated financial statements that follow are a combined presentatio n. The following list indicates the
Registrants to which the footnotes apply:
Applicable Notes
Registrant 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27
Exelon Corporation ...........................
Exelon Generation
Company , LLC ................. . .......
Commonwealth Edison
Company .... .  ..........  ..... 
PECO Energy
Company .... . ........... ...... 
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company .... . . .........  ..... 
Pepco Holdings LLC ....... ......... .  ..... 
Potomac Electric
Power Company ....... ...........  ..... 
Delmarva Power &
Light Company ....... ...........  ..... 
Atlantic City Electric
Company ....... ...........  ..... 
257
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
1. Significant Accounting Policies  (All Registrants)
Description of Business (All Registrants)
Exelon is a utility servic es holding company engaged in the generation, delivery and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission busine sses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE. On March 23, 2016 ,
Exelon completed the merger with PHI, which  became a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelo n. PHI is a utility services holding
company engaged through its principal wholly owned subsidiaries, Pepco, DPL and ACE, in the energy distribution and transmission
businesses. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information regarding the merger transaction.
Name of Registrant   Business   Service Territories
Exelon Generation
Company, LLC
 Generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its customer-facing business, Constellation,
which sells electricity to both wholesale and retail customers. Generation
also sells natural gas, renewable energy and other energy-related
products and services.  Six reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New
England, New York, ERCOT and Other Power Regions
Commonwealth Edison
Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers  
PECO Energy Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of Philadelphia
(electricity)
  Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers
 Pennsylvania counties surrounding the City of Philadelphia
(natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore (electricity
and natural gas)
  Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers   
Pepco Holdings LLC Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL and ACE  Service Territories of Pepco, DPL and ACE
Potomac Electric 
Power Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia, and major portions of Montgomery and
Prince George’s Counties, Maryland.
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers  
Delmarva Power &  Light
Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
  Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers  Portions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural gas)
Atlantic City Electric
Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
  Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers  
Basis of Presentation (All Registrants)
This is a combined annual report of all Registrants. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to the Registrants as
indicated above in the Index to Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and parenthetically next to each
corresponding disclosure. When appropriate, the Registrants are named specifically for their related activities and disclosures. Each
of the Regis trant’ s Cons olidated Financial Statements includes the accounts of its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have
been eliminated.
As a result of the merger with PHI, Exelon’ s financial reporting reflects PHI’s consolidated financial results subsequent to the
March 23, 2016 , acquisition date.  Exelon has accounted for the merger transaction applying the acquisition method of accounting,
which it has pushed-down to the consolidated financial statements of PHI such that the assets and liabilities of PHI are recorded at
their respec tive fair values, and goodwill has been established as of the acquisition date.  Accordingly , the consolidated financial
statements of PHI for periods before and after the March 23, 2016 , acquisition  date reflect different bases of acco unting, and the
results of operations and the financial positions of the predecessor and successor periods are not comparable.  The acquisition
method of accounting has not been pushed down to PHI’ s wholly owned subsidiary utility registrants, Pepco, DPL  and ACE. 
258
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
For financial statement purposes, beginning on March 24, 2016 , disclosures related to Exelon also apply to PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE, unless otherwise noted.
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, huma n resources, financial, information technology and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations
unless otherwise disclosed.
Exelon owns 100%  of Generati on, PECO, BGE and PHI and more than 99% of ComEd. PHI owns 100%  of Pepco, DPL and ACE.
Generation owns 100%  of its significant consolidated subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly , except for certain consolidated VIEs,
including CENG and EGRP , of which Generation holds a 50.01%  and 51% interest, respectively . The remaining interests in these
consolidated VIEs are included in noncontrolling interests on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 2
— Variable Interest Entities  for additional information of Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated VIEs.
The Registra nts consolid ate the accounts of entities in which a Registrant has a controlling financial interest, after the elimination of
intercompany transactions. Where the Registrants do not have a controlling financial interest in an entity , proportionate
consolidation, equity method accounting or accounting for investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair value is
applied. The Registrants  apply proportionate consolidation when they have an undivided interest in an asset and are proportionately
liable for their share of each liability associated with the asset. The Registrants proportionately consolidate their undivided ownership
interests in jointly owned electric plants and transmission facilities. Under proportionate consolidation, the Registrants separately
record their proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses related to the undivided interest in the asset. The
Registrants apply equity method accounting when they have significant influence over an investee through an ownership in common
stock, which  generally approximates a 20% to 50% voting interest. The Registrants apply equity method accounting to certain
investments and joint ventures, including certain financing trusts of ComEd and PECO. Under equity method accounting, the
Registrants report their interest in the entity as an investment and the Registrants’  percentage share of the earnings from the entity
as single line items in their financial statements. The Registrants use accounting for investment s in equity securities without readily
determinable fair values if they lack significant influence, which generally results when they hold less than 20% of the comm on stock
of an entity . Under accounting for investments in equity securities without readily determinable  fair values, the Registrants report
their investments at cost adjusted for changes from observable transactio ns for identical or similar investments of the same issuer ,
less impairment. Changes in measurement are reported in earnings.
The accompanying consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for annual financial statements
and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.
Use of Estimates (All Registrants)
The prepara tion of financial statements of each of the Registrants in conformity with GAAP  requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanyin g notes. Areas in which significant
estimates have been made include, but are not limited to, the accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs and other AROs,
pension and other postretirement benefits, the application of purchase accounting, inventory reserves, allowance for uncollectible
accounts, goodwill and asset impairments, derivative instruments, unamortized energy contracts, fixed asset depreciation,
environmental costs and other loss contingencies, taxes and unbilled energy revenues. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.
Prior Period Adjustments and Reclassifications (All Registrants)
Certain prior year amounts in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Incom e, Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity have
been recaste d to reflect new accounting standards issued by the FASB and adopted as of January 1, 2018. See New Accounting
Standards below for additional information.
259
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Accounting for the Effects of Regulation (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, Exelon and the Utility Registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in
their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: 1) rates are
established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or
products; and (3) there is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from
customers. Exelon and the Utility Registrants account for their regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative
guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction, principally the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC and NJBPU, under
state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized and the related
expense or revenue is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the recovery or refund included in
customer rates. Exelon's regulatory assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date are proba ble of being recovered or settled in
future rates. If a separable portion of the Registrants' business was no longer able to meet the criteria discussed above, the affected
entities would be required to eliminate from their consolidated financial statements the effects of regulation for that portion, which
could have a material impact on their financial statements. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
With the exception of income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities, Exelon and the Utility Registrants classify regulatory assets
and liabilities with a recovery or settlement period greater than one year as both current and non-current in their Consolidated
Balance Sheets, with the current portion repres enting the amount expected to be recovered from or settled to customers over the
next twelve- month period as of the balance sheet date.  Income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities are classified entirely as
non-current in Exelon's and the Utility Registr ants’ Consolidated Balance Sheets to align with the classification of the related
deferred income tax balances.
Exelon and the Utility Registrants treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the
issuance of the financial statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and
distinct event that has future impacts on the parties af fected by the order .
Revenues (All Registrants)
Operating Revenues. The Registrants’  operating revenues generally consist of revenues from contracts with customers involving
the sale and delivery of energy commodities and related products and services, utility revenues from alternative revenue programs
(ARP), and realized and unrealized revenues recognized under mark-to-market energy commodity derivative contracts. The
Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount
that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue include
competitive sales of power, natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary sources of
revenue include regulated electric and natural gas tariff sales, distribution and transmission services. At the end of each month, the
Registrants accrue an estimate for the unbilled amount of energy delivered or services provided to customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco and DPL record ARP revenue for their best estima te of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable  of approval by the MDPSC and/or
DCPSC in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE record ARP revenue for their
best estimat e of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval
by FERC in accordance  with their formula rate mechanisms. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 23 — Supplemental
Financial Information  for additional information.
Option Contracts, Swaps and Commodity Derivatives. Certain option contracts and swap arrangement s that meet the definition
of derivative instruments are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recog nized as revenue or expense. The
classification of revenue or expense is based on the intent of the transaction. To the extent a Utility Registrant receives full cost
recovery for energy procurement and related costs from retail customers, it records the fair value of its energy swap contracts with
unaffiliated suppliers as well as an offsetting regulatory asset or liability in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 4 —
Regulatory Matters  and Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information.
260
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Taxes Directly Imposed on Revenue-Producing Transactions. The Registrants collect certain taxes from customers such as
sales and gross receipts taxes, along with other taxes, surcharges and fees, that are levied by state or local governments on the
sale or distribution of gas and electricity . Some of these taxes are imposed on the customer , but paid by the Registrants, while others
are imposed on the Registrants. Where these taxes are imposed on the customer , such as sales taxes, they are reported on a net
basis with no impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Incom e. However , where these taxes are
imposed on the Registrants, such as gross receipts taxes or other surcharges or fees, they are reported on a gross basis.
Accordingly , revenues are recognized for the taxes collected from customers along with an offsetting expense. See Note 23 —
Supplemental Financial Information  for Genera tion’s, ComE d’s, PECO’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's utility taxes that are
presented on a gross basis.
Income T axes (All Registrants)
Deferred Federal and state income taxes are recorded on significant temporary differences between the book and tax basis of
assets and liabilities and for tax benefits carried forward. Investment tax credits have been defer red in the Registrants’  Consolidated
Balance Sheets and are recognized in book income over the life of the related property . The Registrants account for uncertain
income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach; a more-likely- than-not recognition criterion; and a
measurement approach  that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax positi on will be sustained on its technical
merits, no benefit is recorded. Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are
considered to have met the recognition threshold . The Registrants recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in
Interest expense or Othe r income and deductions (interest income) and recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in
Other , net in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Pursuant to the IRC and relevant state taxing authorities, Exelon and its subsidiaries file consolidated or combined income tax
returns for Federal and certain state jurisdictions where allowed or required. See Note 14 — Income Taxes  for additional information.
Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
The Registrants consider investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent funds that are restricted to satisfy designated current liabilities. As of December 31,
2018  and 2017 , the Registrants' restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented the following items:
Registrant Description
ExelonPayment of medical, dental, vision and long-term disability benefits, in addition to the items listed for Generation and the
Utility Registrants.
Generation Project-specific nonrecourse financing structures for debt service and financing of operations of the underlying entities.
ComEdCollateral held from suppliers associated with energy and REC procurement contracts, any over-recovered RPS costs and
alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA and costs for the remediation of an MGP site.
PECO Proceeds from the sales of assets that were subject to PECO’s mortgage indenture.
BGEProceeds from the loan program for the completion of certain energy efficiency measures and collateral held from energy
suppliers.
PHIPayment of merger commitments, collateral held from its energy suppliers associated with procurement contracts and
repayment of transition bonds.
Pepco Payment of merger commitments and collateral held from energy suppliers.
DPL Collateral held from energy suppliers.
ACE Repayment of transition bonds and collateral held from energy suppliers.
261
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Restricted cash and cash equivalents not available to satisfy current liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets. As of
December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the Registrants' noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented ComEd’ s
over-recovered RPS costs and alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA  and costs for the remediation
of an MGP  site, and ACE’ s repayment of transition bonds.
See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  for additional information.
Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts (All Registrants)
The allowance for uncollectible accounts reflects the Registrants’  best estimates of losses on the customers' accounts receivable
balances. For Generation, the allowance is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience and other currently available
information. Utility Registrants estimate the allowance by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the
outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. Utility Registrants' customer acco unts are written off consistent with
approved regulatory requirements. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information regarding the regulatory recovery of
uncollectible accounts receivable at ComEd and ACE.
Variable Interest Entities (All Registrants)
Exelon accounts for its investments in and arrangements with VIEs based on the following specific requirements:
•requires an entity to qualitatively assess whether it should consolidate a VIE based on whether the entity has a controlling
financial interest,
•requires an ongoing reconsideration of this assessment instead of only upon certain triggering events, and
•requires the entity that consolidates a VIE (the primary beneficiary) to disclose (1) the assets of the consolidated VIE, if they
can be used  to only settle specific obligations of the consolidated VIE, and (2) the liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which
creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary .
See Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities  for additional information.
Inventories (All Registrants)
Inventory is recorded at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. Provisions are recorded for excess and obsolete
inventory . Fossil fuel, materials and supplies, and emissions allowances are generally included in inventory when purchased. Fossil
fuel and emissions allowances are expensed to purchased power and fuel expense when used or sold. Materials and supplies
generally includes transmission, distribution and generating plant materials and are expensed to operating and maintenance or
capitalized to property , plant and equipment, as appropriate, when installed or used.
Debt and Equity Security Investments (Exelon and  Generation )
Debt Security Investments. Debt securities are reported at fair value and classified as available-for-sale securities. Unrealized
gains and losses, net of tax, are reported in OCI.
Equity Security Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values. Exelon has certain equity securities without readily
determinable fair values. Exelon has elected to use the practicability exception to measure these investments, defined as cost
adjusted for changes from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer , less impairment. Changes
in measurement are reported in earnings.
Equity Secu rity Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values. Equity secur ities held in the NDT funds are classified as
equity securities with readily determinable fair values. Realized and unrealized gains and losse s, net of tax, on Generation’ s NDT
funds assoc iated with the Regulatory Agreement Units are included in regulatory liabilities at Exelon, ComEd and PECO and in
Noncurrent payables to affiliates at Generation and in Noncurrent receivables from affiliates at ComEd and PECO. Realized and
unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on Generation’ s NDT funds associated with the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are
included in earnings at Exelon and Generation. Exelon's and Generation's NDT funds are classif ied as current or noncurrent assets,
depending on the timing  of the decommissioning activities and income taxes on trust earnings. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for
additional information regarding ComEd’ s and PECO’ s regulatory assets and liabilities and Note 11 —
262
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  and Note 15 — Asset Retire ment Obligations  for additional information regarding
marketable securities held by NDT  funds.
Property , Plant and Equipment (All Registrants)
Property , plant and equipment is recorded at original cost. Original cost includes construction-related direct labor and material costs.
The Utility Registrants also include indirect construction costs including labor and related costs of departments associated with
supporting construction activities. When appropriate, original cost also includes capitalized interest for Generation, Exelon Corporate
and PHI and AFUDC for regulated property at the Utility Registrants. The cost of repairs and maintenance, including planned major
maintenance activities and minor replacements of property , is charged to Operating and maintenance expense as incurred.
Third parties reimburse the Utility Registrants for all or a portion of expenditures for certain capital projects. Such contributions in aid
of construction costs (CIAC) are recorded as a reduction to Property , plant and equipment, net. DOE SGIG and other funds
reimbursed to the Utility Registrants have been accounted for as CIAC.
For Generation, upon retirement, the cost of property is generally charged to accumulated depreciation in accordance with the
composite and group methods of depreciation. Upon replacement of an asset, the costs to remove the asset, net of salvage, are
capitalized to gross plant when incurred as part of the cost of the newly-installed asset and recorded to depreciation expense over
the life of the new asset. Removal costs, net of salvage, incurred for property that will not be replaced is charged to Operating and
maintenance expense as incurred.
For the Utility Registran ts, upon retirement, the cost of property , net of salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation consistent
with the composite and group methods of depreciation.  Depreciation expense at ComEd, BGE,  Pepco, DPL and ACE includes the
estimated cost of disman tling and removing plant from service upon retirement. Actual incurred removal costs are applied against a
related regulatory liability or recorded to a regula tory asset if in excess of previously collected removal costs.  PECO’ s removal costs
are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset
constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method.
Capitalized Software. Certain costs, such as design, coding, and testing incurred during the application development stage of
software projects that are internally developed or purchased for operational use are capitalized within Property , plant and equipment.
Such capitalized amounts are amortized ratably over the expected lives of the projects when they become operational, generally not
to exceed five years. Certain other capitalized software costs are being amortized over longer lives based on the expected life or
pursuant to prescribed regulatory requirements.
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC. During cons truction, Exelon and Generation capitalize the costs of debt funds used to finance
non-regulated construction projects. Capitalization of debt funds is recorded as a charge to construction work in progress and as a
non-cash credit to interest expense.
AFUDC is the cost, during the period of construction, of debt and equity funds used to finance construction projects for regulated
operations. AFUDC is recorded to construction work in progress and as a non-cash credit to an allowance that is included in interest
expense for debt-related  funds and other income and deductions for equity-related funds. The rates used for capitalizing AFUDC are
computed under a method prescribed by regulatory authorities.
See Note 6 — Property , Plant and Equipment , Note 9 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant  and Note 23 — Supplemental Financial
Information  for additional information regarding property , plant and equipment.
Nuclear Fuel (Exelon and Generation)
The cost of nuclear fuel is capitalized within Property , plant and equipment and charged to fuel expense using the unit-of-production
method. Any potential future SNF disposal fees will be expensed through fuel expense. Additi onally , certain on-site SNF storage
costs are being reimbursed by the DOE since a DOE (or government-owned) long-term storage facility has not been completed. See
Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  for additional information regarding the cost of SNF storage and disposal.
263
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Nuclear Outage Costs (Exelon and Generation)
Costs associated with nuclear outages, including planned major maintenance activities, are expensed to Operating and maintenance
expense or capitalized to Property , plant and equipment (based on the nature of the activities) in the period incurred.
Depreciation and Amortization (All Registrants)
Except for the amortization of nuclear fuel, depreciation is generally recorded over the estimated  service lives of property , plant and
equipment on a straight-line basis using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. The group approach is typically for
groups of similar assets that have approximately  the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for dissimilar assets that
have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group.
The Utility Registrants' depreciation expense includes the estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from service upon
retirement, which is consistent with each utility's regulatory recovery method. The estimated service lives for the Registrants are
based on a combination of depreciation studies, historical retirements, site licenses and management estimates of operating costs
and expected future energy market conditions. See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  for addition al information on the impacts of
expected and potential early plant retirements.
See Note 6 — Property , Plant and Equipment  for additional information regarding depreciation.
Amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded over the recovery or refund period specified in the related legislation or
regulatory order or agreement. When the recove ry or refund period is less than one year, amortization is recorded to the line item in
which the deferred cost or income would have originally been recorded in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. Amortiz ation of ComEd’ s electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate regulatory
assets and the Utility Registrants' transmission formula rate regulatory assets is recorded to Operating revenues.
Amortization of income tax related regulatory assets and liabilities is generally recorded to Incom e tax expense. With the exception
of the regul atory assets and liabilities discussed above, when the recovery period is more than one year, the amortization is
generally recorded to Depreciation and amortiza tion in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information  for additional information regarding
Generation’ s nuclear fuel and ARC, and the amortization of the Utility Registrants' regulatory assets.
Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Generation estimates and recognizes a liability for its legal obligation to perform asset retireme nt activities even though the timing
and/or methods of settlement may be conditional on future events. Generation generally updates its nuclear decommissioning ARO
annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its annual evaluation of cost escalation factors and
probabilities assigned to the multiple outcome scenarios within its probability-weighted discoun ted cash flow models. Generation’ s
multiple outcome scenarios are generally based on decommissioning cost studies which are updated, on a rotational basis, for each
of Generatio n’s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. AROs are accreted
throughout each year to reflect the time value of money for these present value obligations through a charge to Operating and
maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income or, in the case of the Utility
Registrants' accretion, through an increase to regulatory assets. See Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  for additional
information.
Guarantees (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair market value of the obligations they have undertaken
by issuing the guarantee, including the ongoing obligation to perform over the term of the guara ntee in the event that the specified
triggering events or conditions occur .
The liability that is initially recognized at the inception of the guarantee is reduced as the Registrants are released from risk under
the guarantee. Depending on the nature of the guarantee, the release from risk of the Registrant may be recognized only upon the
expiration or settlement of the guarantee or by a systematic and rational
264
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
amortization method over the term of the guarantee. See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  for additional information.
Asset Impairments
Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants). The Registrants evaluate the carrying value of their long-lived assets or asset groups,
excluding goodwill, when circumstances indicate  the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment
may include  a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, specific
regulatory disallowance,  or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life. The Registrants
determine if long-lived assets and asset groups are impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the
carrying value. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount
of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its
fair value. See Note 7 — Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangibles  for additional information.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd and PHI). Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the
net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at
least annually or on an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value
of a reporting unit below its carrying value. See Note 10 — Intangible Assets  for additional information.
Equity Method Investments (Exelon and Generation). Exelon and Generation regularly monitor and evaluate equity method
investments to determine whether they are impaired. An impairment is recorded when the inves tment has experienced a decline in
value that is other-than -temporary in nature. Additionally , if the entity in which Generation holds an investment recognizes an
impairment loss, Exelon  and Generation would record their proportionate share of that impairme nt loss and evaluate the investment
for an other-than-temporary decline in value.
Debt Security Investments (Exelon and Gene ration). Declines in the fair value of debt security investments below the cost basis
are reviewed to determine if such decline is other-than-temporary . If the decline is determined to be other-than-temporary , the
amount of the impairment loss is included in earnings.
Equity Security Investments (Exelon and Generation). Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured
and recorde d at fair value with any changes in fair value recorded through earnings. Investment s in equity securities without readily
determinable fair values are qualitatively assessed for impairment each reporting period. If it is determined that the equity security is
impaired on the basis of the qualitative assessm ent, an impairment loss will be recognized in earnings to the amount by which the
security’ s carrying amount exceeds its fair value.
Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
All derivative s are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value unless they qualify for certain exceptions, including the normal
purchases and normal sales exception. For derivatives intended to serve as economic hedges, changes in fair value are recognized
in earnings each period. Amounts classified in earnings are included in Operating revenue, Purchased power and fuel, Interest
expense or Other , net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income based on the activity the
transaction is economic ally hedging. While the majority of the derivatives serve as economic hedges, there are also derivatives
entered into for proprietary trading purposes, subject to Exelon’ s Risk Management Policy , and changes in the fair value of those
derivatives are recorded in revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. At the Utility
Registrants, changes in fair value may be recorded as a regulatory asset or liability if there is an ability to recover or return the
associated costs. Cash inflows and outflows related to derivative instruments are included as a component of operating, investing or
financing cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, depending on the nature of each transaction. On July 1, 2018,
Exelon and Generation de-designated its fair value and cash flow hedges. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  and Note 12 —
Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information.
As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the
requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and
energy-related products  in the energy markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical
commodity . Normal purchases and normal sales are contracts where physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be
used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and will not be financially settled. Revenues and
expenses on derivative contracts that qualify , and are designated, as normal purchases and normal sales are recognized when the
underlying physical transaction is
265
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
completed. While these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments, they are not required to be recorded at fair value,
but rather are recorded on an accrual basis of accounting. See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional
information.
Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for essentially all employees.
The measur ement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under these plans involve various factors assumptions, and
accounting elections. The impact of assumption changes or experience different from that assumed on pension and other
postretirement benefit obligations is recognized over time rather than immediately recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. Gains or losses in excess of the greater of ten percent of the projected benefit obligation or
the MRV of plan assets  are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants. See Note 16 —
Retirement Benefits  for additional information.
New Accounting Standards (All Registrants)
New Accou nting Standards Adopted in 2018:  In 2018, the Registrants adopted the followin g new authoritative accounting
guidance issued by the F ASB.
Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures (Issued August 2018).  Eliminates existing disclosure requirements related to amounts in
Accumulated other comprehensive income expected to be recognized in Net periodic benefit cost over the next year and the effects
of a one-percentage-poin t change in the assumed health care cost trend rates. In addition, new disclosures were added such as the
weighted-average intere st crediting rates for cash balance plans and an explanation for the reasons for significant gains and losses
related to changes in the benefit obligation. The standard is effective January 1, 2021, with early adoption permitted, and must be
applied retrospectively . Exelon early adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2018. See Note 16 — Retirement Benefits  for
additional information.
Fair Value Measurement Disclosures (Issued August 2018). Updates the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements to
improve the usefulness of information for financial statement users. The guidance removes the requirements to disclose (1) the
amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, (2) the policy for timing of transfers between levels, and (3) the
valuation processes for Level 3 fair value measurements and adds a requirement to disclose the range and weighted average of
significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements. The standard is effective January 1, 2020, with
early adoptio n permitted. The amendments to remove disclosures must be applied retrospectively and can be early adopted, while
the amendm ents to add disclosures must be applied prospectively and adoption can be delayed until the effective date. The
Registrants early adopted, in the fourth quarter of 2018, the amendments to remove disclosures  and will adopt the amendments to
add disclosures in the first quarter of 2020. The impact of the new disclosures is not expected to be material to the Registrants’
consolidated financial statements.  See Note 11 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities  for additional information.
Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Issued February 2018).  Provides an
election for a reclassific ation from AOCI to Retained earnings to eliminate the stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA. This
standard is effective January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted, and may be applied either in the period of adoption or
retrospective to each period in which the effects of the TCJA  were recognized. Exelon early adopted this standard and elected to
apply the guidance retrospectively as of December 31, 2017, which resulted in an increase to Exelon’ s Retained earnings and
Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $539 million  in its Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Shareholders' Equity related to deferred income taxes associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB obligations. There was no
impact for Generation or the Utility Registrants. Exelon's accounting policy is to release the stran ded tax effects from AOCI related to
its pension and OPEB plans under a portfolio (or aggregate) approach as an entire pensi on or OPEB plan is liquidated or
terminated. See Note 21— Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  for additional information.
Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost (Issued March 2017).
Changes the accounting and presentation of pension and OPEB costs at the plan sponsor (i.e., Exelon) level. The guidance requires
plan sponso rs to report the service cost and other non-service cost components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic OPEB
cost (together , net benefit cost) separately . Under the new guidance,
266
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
service cost is presented as part of income from operations and the other non-service cost components are classified outside of
income from operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Additionally , service cost is the
only component eligible for capitalization on a prospective basis beginning on January 1, 2018. Under prior GAAP , the total amount
of net benefit cost was recorded as part of income from operations and all components were eligible for capitalization. Exelon
applied the presentation  of the service component and the other non-service cost components  of net benefit costs retrospectively
and, accordingly , have recasted those amounts, which were not material, in its Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income  in prior periods presented. Exelon elected the practical expedient that permits an employer to use the
amounts disclosed in its pension and other postretirement benefit plan note for the comparative periods as the estimation basis for
applying the retrospective presentation requirem ents. In Exelon’ s consolidated financial statements, non-service cost components of
pension and OPEB cost capitalizable under a regulatory framework were prospectively reported as regulatory assets (previously ,
they were capitalizable under pension and OPEB accounting guidance and reported as PP&E). These regulatory assets are
amortized outside of operating income. See Note 16 — Retirement Benefits  for additional information.
Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, BSC, PHI, Pepco, DPL, ACE and PHISCO participate in Exelon’ s single employer pension and
OPEB plans and apply multi-employer accounting. Multi-employer accounting was not impacted by this standard; therefore, Exelon's
subsidiary financial statements did not change upon its adoption.
Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Restricted Cash (Issued November 2016). The standard states that amounts generally
described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the
beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amou nts shown on the statement of cash flows (instead of being presented as cash flow
activities). The Registrants applied the new guidance using the full retrospective method and, accordingly , have recasted the
presentation of restricted cash in their Consolid ated Statements of Cash Flows in the prior periods presented. See Note 23 —
Supplemental Financial Information  for additional information.
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Issued January 2016). Eliminates the available-for-sale
and cost method classification for equity securitie s and requires that all equity investments (other  than those accounted for using the
equity metho d of accounting) be measured and recorded at fair value with any changes in fair value recorded through earnings and,
for equity investments without a readily determinable fair value, provides a measurement alternative of cost less impairment plus or
minus adjustments for observable price changes in identical or similar assets. In addition, equity investments without readily
determinable fair values must be qualitatively assessed for impairment each reporting period and fair value determined if any
significant impairment indicators exist. If fair value is less than carrying value, the impairment is recorded through net income
immediately in the period in which it is identified. The guidance does not impact the classification or measurement of investments in
debt securities. The guidance also amends several disclosure requirements, including requiri ng i) financial assets and financial
liabilities to be presented  separately in the balance sheet or note, grouped by measurement category and form, ii) disclosure of the
methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value or a description of the changes in the methods and assumptions
used to estimate fair value, and iii) for financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost, disclosure of the fair value of the
amount that would be received to sell the asset or paid to transfer the liability . The guida nce was applied using a modified
retrospective transition approach with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings for initial application of the guidance at the
date of adoption. The Registrants recorded an insignificant adjustment to opening retained earnin gs as of January 1, 2018 related to
unrealized gains/losses on available for sale equity securities. See Note 21— Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensiv e
Income  for additional information.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Issued May 2014 and subsequently amended to address implementation questions).
Changes the criteria for recognizing revenue from a contract with a customer . The new standard replaces existing guidance on
revenue recognition, including most industry specific guidance, with a five-step model for recognizing and measuring revenue from
contracts with customers. The objective of the new standard is to provide a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all
contracts with customers to improve comparability within industries, across industries, and across capital markets. The underlying
principle is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity
expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires a number of disclosures regarding the
nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of reven ue and the related cash flows. The guidance can be applied retrospectively to each
prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method) or retrospectively with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings for initial application of the guidance at the date of initial adoption (modified retrospective method).  The Registrants applied
the new guidance using the full retrospective method
267
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
and, accordingly , have recasted certain amounts in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income,
Consolidated Statement s of Cash Flows, Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statem ents of Changes in Shareholders'
Equity and Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the prior periods presen ted. The amounts recasted in the
Registrants' 2017 and 2016 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations and Comprehensive Income are shown in the table below . The
amounts recasted in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity and Combined Notes to Consolidated Financi al Statements were not material.  See
Note 3 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers  for additional information.
268
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
      Successor   
For the year ended
December 31, 2017 Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO  BGE PHI Pepco  DPL  ACE
Operating Revenues -
As reported         
Competitive business
revenues$17,360  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Rate-regulated utility
revenues 16,171  — — — — — — — —
Operating revenues — 17,351 — — — — — — —
Electric operating
revenues — — 5,521 2,369  2,484 4,468 2,152  1,131  1,184
Natural gas operating
revenues — — — 494  676 161 — 161  —
Operating revenues
from affiliates — 1,115 15 7 16 50 6 8 2
Total operating
revenues$33,531  $ 18,466 $5,536 $2,870  $3,176 $4,679 $2,158  $1,300  $1,186
         
Operating Revenues -
Adjustments         
Competitive business
revenues$ 34 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Rate-regulated utility
revenues (207) — — — — — — — —
Operating revenues — 34 — — — — — — —
Electric operating
revenues — — (43) — (100) (40) (26) (6) (8)
Natural gas operating
revenues — — — — (24) — — — —
Revenues from
alternative revenue
programs 207  — 43 — 124 40 26 6 8
Operating revenues
from affiliates — — — — — — — —
Total operating
revenues$ 34 $ 34 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
         
Operating Revenues -
Retrospective
application         
Competitive business
revenues$17,394  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Rate-regulated utility
revenues 15,964  — — — — — — — —
Operating revenues — 17,385 — — — — — — —
Electric operating
revenues — — 5,478 2,369  2,384 4,428 2,126  1,125  1,176
Natural gas operating
revenues — — — 494  652 161 — 161  —
Revenues from
alternative revenue
programs 207  — 43 — 124 40 26 6 8
Operating revenues
from affiliates — 1,115 15 7 16 50 6 8 2
Total operating
revenues$33,565  $ 18,500 $5,536 $2,870  $3,176 $4,679 $2,158  $1,300  $1,186
269
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
        Successor  Predecessor
        March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
For the year ended
December 31, 2016 Exelon  Generation ComEd  PECO  BGE Pepco DPL  ACE PHI  PHI
Operating Revenues -
As reported          
Competitive business
revenues$16,324 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —  $ —
Rate-regulated utility
revenues 15,036 — — — — — — — —  —
Operating revenues— 16,312 — — — — — — —  —
Electric operating
revenues — — 5,239 2,524 2,603 2,181 1,122 1,254 3,506 1,096
Natural gas operating
revenues — — — 462 609 — 148 — 92 57
Operating revenues from
affiliates — 1,439 15 8 21 5 7 3 45 —
Total operating revenues$31,360 $ 17,751 $5,254 $2,994 $3,233 $2,186 $1,277 $1,257 $ 3,643 $ 1,153
           
Operating Revenues -
Adjustments          
Competitive business
revenues$ 6 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —  $ —
Rate-regulated utility
revenues (48) — — — — — — — —  —
Operating revenues— 6 — — — — — — —  —
Electric operating
revenues — — 24 — (72) (14) 6 (9) (43) 26
Natural gas operating
revenues — — — — 19 — — — —  —
Revenues from
alternative revenue
programs 48 — (24) — 53 14 (6) 9 43 (26)
Operating revenues from
affiliates — — — — — — — — —  —
Total operating revenues$ 6 $ 6 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —  $ —
           
Operating Revenues -
Retrospective
application          
Competitive business
revenues$16,330 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —  $ —
Rate-regulated utility
revenues 14,988 — — — — — — — —  —
Operating revenues— 16,318 — — — — — — —  —
Electric operating
revenues — — 5,263 2,524 2,531 2,167 1,128 1,245 3,463 1,122
Natural gas operating
revenues — — — 462 628 — 148 — 92 57
Revenues from
alternative revenue
programs 48 — (24) — 53 14 (6) 9 43 (26)
Operating revenues from
affiliates — 1,439 15 8 21 5 7 3 45 —
Total operating revenues$31,366 $ 17,757 $5,254 $2,994 $3,233 $2,186 $1,277 $1,257 $ 3,643 $ 1,153
270
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
New Accounting Standards Adopted as of January 1, 2019:  The following new authoritative accounting guidance issued by the
FASB was adopted as of January 1, 2019 and will be reflected by the Registrants in their consolidated financial statements
beginning in the first quarter of 2019.
Cloud Computing Arrangements (Issued August 2018).  Aligns the requirements for capitalizing costs incurred to implement a cloud
computing arrangement with the internal-use software guidance. As a result, certain implementation costs incurred in a cloud
computing arrangement that are currently expen sed as incurred will be deferred and amortized over the non-cancellable term of the
arrangement plus any reasonably certain renew al periods. The standard is effective January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted,
and can be applied using either a prospective or retrospective transition approach. A retrospecti ve approach requires a cumulative-
effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Registrants early adopted this standard
using a prospective approach as of January 1, 2019. The new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the
Registrants’  financial statements.
Leases (Issu ed Februar y 2016).  Increases transparency  and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and
lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The Registrants adopted the
standard on January 1, 2019.
The new standard requires lessees to recognize both the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the balance sheet for most
leases, whereas under previous GAAP  only finance lease liabilities (referred to as capital lease s) were recognized in the balance
sheet. In addition, the definition of a lease has been revised which may result in changes to the classification of an arrangement as a
lease. Under the new standard, an arrangement that conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset by obtaining
substantially all of its economic benefits and directing how it is used is a lease, whereas the previous definition focuses on the ability
to control the use of the asset or to obtain its output. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures related to the amount, timing and
judgments of an entity’ s accounting for leases and the related cash flows are expanded. Disclosure requirements apply to both
lessees and lessors, whereas previous disclosures related only to lessees. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of
expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee have not significantly changed from previous GAAP . Lessor accounting is
also largely unchanged.
The new standard provides a number of transition practical expedients, which the Registrants have elected, including:
•a "package of three" expedients that must be taken together and allow entities to (1) not reassess whether existing
contracts contain leases, (2) carryforward the existing lease classification, and (3) not reassess initial direct costs
associated with existing leases,
•an implemen tation expe dient which allows the requirements of the standard in the period of adoption with no restatement
of prior periods, and
•a land easement exped ient which allows entities to not evaluate land easements under the new standard at adoption if
they were not previously accounted for as leases.
The Registrants have assessed the lease standard and executed a detailed implementation plan in preparation for adoption, which
included the following key activities:
•Developed a complete lease inventory and abstracted the required data attributes into a lease accounting system that
supports the Registrants' lease portfolios and integrates with existing systems.
•Evaluated the transition practical expedients available under the standard.
•Identified, assessed and documented techn ical accounting issues, policy considerations and financial reporting
implications.
•Identified and implemented changes to process es and controls to ensure all impacts of the new standard are effectively
addressed.
The adoption of the new standard is expected to result in right of use assets and lease obligations for operating leases recorded in
the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets on January 1, 2019 of approximately:
271
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
ROU Assets $1,400-$1,500 $1,000-$1,100 $5-$10 $1-$5 $100-$120 $250-$270 $60-$65 $70-$75 $20-$25
Lease Liabilities $1,600-$1,700 $1,200-$1,300 $5-$10 $1-$5 $100-$120 $300-$320 $60-$65 $75-$80 $20-$25
The impact of adopting the new standard on retained earnings as of January 1, 2019 is expected to be immaterial.
New Accounting Standards Issued and Not Yet Adopted as of December 31, 2018:  The following new authoritative accounting
guidance issued by the FASB has not yet been adopted and reflected by the Registrants in their consolidated financial statements as
of Decembe r 31, 2018. Unless otherwise indicated, the Registrants are currently assessing the impacts such guidance may have
(which could be material) in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow s and disclosures, as well as the potential to early adopt where applicable. The
Registrants have assessed other FASB issuanc es of new standards which are not listed below given the current expectation that
such standards will not significantly impact the Registrants' financial reporting.
Goodwill Impairment (Issued January 2017).  Simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairme nt by removing Step 2 of the current
test, which requires calculation of a hypothetical purchase price allocation. Under the revised guidance, goodwill impairment will be
measured as the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of
goodwill (currently Step 1 of the two-step impairment test). Entities will continue to have the option to perform a qualitative
assessment to determine if a quantitative impair ment test is necessary . Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PHI and DPL have goodwill as
of December 31, 2018. This updated guidance is not currently expected to impact the Registran ts’ financial reporting. The standard
is effective January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and must be applied on a prospective basis.
Impairment of Financial Instruments (Issued June 2016).  Provides for a new Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) impairment
model for specified finan cial instruments including loans, trade receivables, debt securities classified as held-to-maturity investments
and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor . Under the new guidance, on initial recognition and at each reporting period, an
entity is required to recognize an allowance that reflects the entity’ s current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over
the life of the financial instrument. The standard  does not make changes to the existing impairment models for non-financial assets
such as fixed assets, intangibles and goodwill. The standard will be effective January 1, 2020 (with early adoption as of January 1,
2019 permitted) and requires a modified retrospective transition approach through a cumulative-ef fect adjustment to retained
earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Registrants are currently assessing the impacts of this standard.
2. Variable Interest Entities  (All Registrants)
A VIE is a legal entity that possesses any of the following characteristics: an insuf ficient amount of equity at risk to finance its
activities, equity owners who do not have the power to direct the significant activities of the entity (or have voting rights that are
disproportionate to their ownership interest), or equity owners who do not have the obligation to absorb expected losses or the right
to receive the expected residual returns of the entity . Companies are required to consolidate a VIE if they are its primary beneficiary ,
which is the enterprise that has the power to direct the activities that most significantly af fect the entity’ s economic performance.
At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon, Generation, PHI and ACE collectively consolidated five VIEs or VIE groups for which the
applicable Registrant was the primary beneficiar y (see Consolidated Variable Interest Entities  below). As of December 31, 2018  and
2017 , Exelon and Generation  collectively had significant interests in seven  other VIEs for which the applicable Registrant does not
have the power to direct the entities’  activities and, accordingly , was not the primary benefic iary (see Unconsolidated Variable
Interest Entities  below).
272
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Consolidated V ariable Interest Entities
The carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated VIEs’  assets and liabilities included in the Registrants' consolidated
financial statements at December 31, 2018  and 2017  are as follows:
 December 31, 2018
 Exelon(a) Generation PHI(a)
 ACE
Current assets $ 938 $ 931 $ 7
 4
Noncurrent assets 9,071 9,045 26
 19
Total assets $ 10,009 $ 9,976 $ 33 $ 23
Current liabilities $ 274 $ 252 $ 22
 19
Noncurrent liabilities 3,280 3,233 47
 40
Total liabilities $ 3,554 $ 3,485 $ 69 $ 59
 December 31, 2017
 Exelon(a) Generation
 PHI(a)
 ACE
Current assets $ 662 $ 652
 $ 10
 $ 6
Noncurrent assets 9,317 9,286
 31
 23
Total assets $ 9,979 $ 9,938
 $ 41
 $ 29
Current liabilities $ 308 $ 272
 $ 36
 $ 32
Noncurrent liabilities 3,316 3,250
 66
 58
Total liabilities $ 3,624 $ 3,522
 $ 102
 $ 90
__________
(a)Includes certain purchase accounting adjustments not pushed down to the ACE standalone entity.
Except as specifically noted below , the assets in the table above are restricted for settlement of the VIE obligations and the liabilities
in the table can only be settled using VIE resources.
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon's and Generation's consolidated VIEs consist of:
Investments in Other Energy Related Companies
During 2015, Generation sold 69% of its equity  interest in a company to a tax equit y investor . The company holds an equity method
investment in a distributed energy company that is an unconsolidated VIE (see unconsolidated  VIE section for additional details).
Generation and the tax equity investor contributed a total of $227 million of equity in proportion to their ownership interests to the
company . The company meets the definition of a VIE because it has a similar structure to a limited partnership and the limited
partners do not have kick-out rights with respec t to the general partner . Generation is the primary beneficiary because Generation
manages the day-to-day activities of the entity .
During the fourth quarte r of 2017 Generation acquired a controlling financial interest in an energy development company . The
company is in the development stage and requires additional subordinated financial support from the equity holders to fund
activities. Generation is the majority owner with a 62% equity interest and has the power to direct the activities that most significantly
affect the economic performance of the company .
Renewable Energy Project Companies
In July 2017, Generation sold a 49% interest in EGRP  to an outside investor for $400 million  of cash plus immaterial working capital
and other customary post-closing adjustments. EGRP  meets the definition of a VIE because the EGRP  has a similar structure to a
limited partnership and the limited partners do not have kick out rights with respect to the genera l partner . Generation is the primary
beneficiary because Generation manages the day-to-day activities of the entity; therefore, Generation will continue to consolidate
EGRP . EGRP  is a collection of wind and solar project entities and some of these project entitie s are VIEs that are consolidated by
EGRP . The details relating to these VIEs are discussed below .
273
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation owns a number of limited liability companies that build, own, and operate solar and wind power facilities some of which
are owned by EGRP . While Generation or EGRP  owns 100%  of the solar entities and 100%  of the majority of the wind entities, it has
been determined that certain of the solar and wind entities are VIEs because the entities require additional subordinated financial
support in the form of a parental guarantee of debt, loans from the customers in order to obtain the necessary funds for construction
of the solar facilities, or the customers absorb price variability from the entities through the fixed price power and/or REC purchase
agreements. Generation  is the primary beneficiary of these solar and wind entities that qualify as VIEs because Generation controls
the design, construction, and operation of the facilities. Generation provides operating and capital funding to the solar and wind
entities for ongoing cons truction, operations and maintenance and there is limited recourse related to Generation related to certain
solar and wind entities.
While Gener ation or EGRP  owns 100%  of the majority of the wind entities, four of the projects have noncontrolling equity interests of
1% held by third parties and one of the projects has noncontrolling equity interests related to its Class B Membership Interest (see
additional details below). The entities with noncontrolling equity interests of 1% held by third parties meet the definition of a VIE
because the entities have noncontrolling equity interest holders that absorb variability from the wind projects. Generation’ s or the
EGRP's current economic interests in three  of these projects is significantly greater than its stated contractual governance rights and
all of these projects have reversionary interest provisions that provide the noncontrolling interest holder with a purchase option,
certain of which are considered bargain purchase prices, which, if exercised, transfers ownership of the projects to the noncontrolling
interest holder upon either the passage of time or the achievement of targeted financial returns. The ownership agreements with the
noncontrolling interests state that Generation or EGRP  are to provide financial support to the projects in proportion to its current 99%
economic interests in the projects. Generation  provides operating and capital funding to the wind project entities for ongoing
construction, operations and maintenance and there is limited recourse to Generation related to certain wind project entities.
However , no additional support to these projects beyond what was contractually required has been provided. Generation is the
primary beneficiary of these wind entities because Generation controls the design, construction, and operation of the facilities.
In Decembe r 2016, Generation sold 100%  of the Class  B Membership Interests to a tax equity investor and retained 100%  of the
Class A Membership Interests of its equity interest in one of its wind entities that was previously consolidated under the voting
interest model and was subsequently contributed to EGRP  in 2017. The wind entity meets the definition of a VIE because the
company has a similar structure to a limited partnership and the limited partners do not have kick-out rights with respect to the
general partner . While Generation is the minority interest holder , Generation is the primary beneficiary , because Generation
manages the day-to-day activities of the entity . Therefore, the entity continues to be consolidated by Generation.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in EGRP  were contribute d to and are pledged for the ExGen Renewables IV non-recourse debt
project financing structure. Refer to Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents for additional informatio n on ExGen Renewables IV and
ITEM 2.  PROPER TIES  for additional details on the specific projects included within EGRP .
Retail Power and Gas Companies
In March 2014, Generati on began consolidating retail power and gas VIEs for which Generation is the primary beneficiary as a result
of energy supply contracts that give Generati on the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic
performance of the entities. Generation does not have an equity ownership interest in these entities, but provides approximately $34
million  in credit support for the retail power and gas companies for which Generation is the sole supplier  of energy . These entities are
included in Generation’ s consolidated financial statements, and the consolidation of the VIEs  do not have a material impact on
Generation’ s financial results or financial condition.
CENG
CENG is a joint venture  between Generation and EDF. On April 1, 2014, Generation, CENG, and subsidiaries of CENG executed
the Nuclear Operating Services Agreement (NOSA) pursuant to which Generation now conducts all activities associated with the
operations of the CENG fleet and provides corpo rate and administrative services to CENG and the CENG fleet for the remaining life
of the CENG nuclear plants as if they were a part of the Generation nuclear fleet, subject to the CENG member rights of EDF. As a
result of executing the NOSA, CENG qualifies as a VIE due to the disproportionate relations hip between Generation’ s 50.01%
equity ownership interest and its role in conduc ting the operational activities of CENG and the CENG fleet conveyed through the
NOSA. Further , since
274
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation is conducting the operational activities of CENG and the CENG fleet, Generation qualifies as the primary beneficiary of
CENG and, therefore, is required to consolidate the results of operations and financial position of CENG.
Exelon and Generation, where indicated, provide the following support to CENG:
•under power purchase agreements with CENG, Generation purchased or will purchase 50.01%  of the available output
generated by the CENG nuclear plants not subject to other contractual agreements from January 2015 through the end
of the operating life of each respective plant. However , pursuant to amendments dated Marc h 31, 2015, the energy
obligations under the Ginna Nuclear Power Plant (Ginna) PPAs were suspended during the term of the RSSA, through
the end of March 31, 2017. With the expiration of the RSSA, the PPA was reinstated beginning April 1, 2017. (see Note 4
— Regulatory Matters  for additional details),
•Generation provided a $400 million  loan to CENG. As of December 31, 2018 , the remaining obligatio n is $196 million ,
including accrued interest. The remaining balance was fully paid by CENG in January 2019.
•Generation executed an Indemnity Agreement pursuant to which Generation agreed to indemnify EDF against third-party
claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the
CENG nuclear plants or their operations. Exelon guarantees Generation’ s obligations under this Indemnity Agreement.
(See Note 22 — Commitments and Contingencies  for more details),
•Generation and EDF share in the $688 million  of contingent payment obligations for the payment of contingent
retrospective premium adjustments for the nuclear liability insurance, and
•Exelon has executed an agreement to provide up to $245 million to support the operations of CENG as well as a $165
million  guarantee of CENG’ s cash pooling agreement with its subsidiaries.
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon's, PHI's and ACE's consolidated VIE consists of:
ACE T ransition Funding
A special purpose entity  formed by ACE for the purpose of securitizing authorized portions of ACE’ s recoverable stranded costs
through the issuance and sale of transition bonds. Proceeds from the sale of each series of transition bonds by ATF were
transferred to ACE in exchange for the transfer by ACE to ATF of the right to collect a non-bypassable Transition Bond Charge from
ACE custom ers pursuant to bondable stranded costs rate orders issued by the NJBPU in an amount sufficient to fund the principal
and interest payments on transition bonds and related taxes, expenses and fees. During the three  years ended December 31, 2018 ,
2017  and 2016 , ACE transferred $30 million , $48 million  and $60 million  to ATF, respectively .
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco and DPL  do not have any material consolidated VIEs.
275
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Assets and Liabilities of Consolidated VIEs
Included within the balances above are assets and liabilities of certain consolidated VIEs for which the assets can only be used to
settle obligations of those VIEs, and liabilities that creditors, or beneficiaries, do not have recourse to the general credit of the
Registrants. As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , these assets and liabilities primarily consisted of the following:
 December 31, 2018
 Exelon(a) Generation PHI(a) ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $ 414 $ 414 $ — $ —
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 66 62 4 4
Accounts receivable, net    
Customer 146 146 — —
Other 23 23 — —
Inventory    
Materials and supplies 212 212 — —
Other current assets 52 49 3 —
Total current assets 913 906 7 4
    
Property , plant and equipment, net 6,145 6,145 — —
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 2,351 2,351 — —
Other noncurrent assets 258 232 26 19
Total noncurrent assets 8,754 8,728 26 19
Total assets $ 9,667 $ 9,634 $ 33 $ 23
    
Long-term debt due within one year $ 87 $ 66 $ 21 $ 18
Accounts payable 96 96 — —
Accrued expenses 72 72 1 1
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 15 15 — —
Other current liabilities 3 3 — —
Total current liabilities 273 252 22 19
    
Long-term debt 1,072 1,025 47 40
Asset retirement obligations 2,160 2,160 — —
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 1 1 — —
Other noncurrent liabilities 42 42 — —
Total noncurrent liabilities 3,275 3,228 47 40
Total liabilities $ 3,548 $ 3,480 $ 69 $ 59
__________
(a)Includes certain purchase accounting adjustments not pushed down to the ACE standalone entity.
276
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 December 31, 2017
 Exelon(a) Generation PHI(a) ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $ 126  $ 126  $ — $ —
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 64 58 6 6
Accounts receivable, net     
Customer 170  170  — —
Other 25 25 — —
Inventory     
Materials and supplies 205  205  — —
Other current assets 45 41 4 —
Total current assets 635  625  10 6
     
Property , plant and equipment, net 6,186  6,186  — —
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 2,502  2,502  — —
Other noncurrent assets 274  243  31 23
Total noncurrent assets 8,962  8,931  31 23
Total assets $ 9,597  $ 9,556  $ 41 $ 29
     
Long-term debt due within one year $ 102  $ 67 $ 35 $ 31
Accounts payable 114  114  — —
Accrued expenses 67 66 1 1
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 18 18 — —
Other current liabilities 7 7 — —
Total current liabilities 308  272  36 32
     
Long-term debt 1,154  1,088  66 58
Asset retirement obligations 2,035  2,035  — —
Other noncurrent liabilities 121  121  — —
Total noncurrent liabilities 3,310  3,244  66 58
Total liabilities $ 3,618  $ 3,516  $ 102 $ 90
__________
(a)Includes certain purchase accounting adjustments not pushed down to the ACE standalone entity.
Unconsolidated V ariable Interest Entities
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs generally include equity investments and energy purchase and
sale contrac ts. For the equity investments, the carrying amount of the investments is reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Balance Sheets in Investments. For the energy purchase and sale contracts (commercial agreements), the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets that relate to their involvement with the
VIEs are predominately related to working capital accounts and generally represent the amoun ts owed by, or owed to, Exelon and
Generation for the deliveries associated with the current billing cycles under the commercial agreements. Further , Exelon and
Generation have not provided material debt or equity support, liquidity arrangements or perfor mance guarantees associated with
these commercial agreements.
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelo n and Generatio n had significant uncon solidated variable interests in seven  VIEs for
which Exelon or Generation, as applicable, was not the primary beneficiary . These interests include certain equity method
investments and certain commercial agreements. Exelon and Generation only include unconsolidated VIEs that are individually
material in the tables below. However , Exelon and Generation have several individually immaterial VIEs that in aggregate represent
a total investment of $15 million  and $13 million , respectively ,
277
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
as of December 31, 2018 . These immaterial VIEs are equity and debt securities in energy development companies . As of
December 31, 2018 , the maximum exposure  to loss related to these securities included in Investments in Exelon's and Generation's
Consolidated Balance Sheets is limited to the $15 million  and $13 million , respectively .
The following tables present summary information about Exelon and Generation’ s significant unconsolidated VIE entities:
December 31, 2018Commercial
Agreement
VIEs  Equity
Investment
VIEs Total
Total assets(a)$ 597  $ 472 $ 1,069
Total liabilities(a)37 222 259
Exelon's ownership interest in VIE(a)— 223 223
Other ownership interests in VIE(a)560  27 587
Registrants’  maximum exposure to loss:   
Carrying amount of equity method investments — 223 223
Contract intangible asset 7 — 7
Net assets pledged for Zion Station decommissioning(b)— — —
December 31, 2017Commercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs Total
Total assets(a)$ 625 $ 509 $ 1,134
Total liabilities(a)37 228 265
Exelon's ownership interest in VIE(a)— 251 251
Other ownership interests in VIE(a)588 30 618
Registrants’  maximum exposure to loss:   
Carrying amount of equity method investments — 251 251
Contract intangible asset 8 — 8
Net assets pledged for Zion Station
decommissioning(b)2 — 2
__________
(a)These items represent amounts on the unconsolidated VIE balance sheets, not in Exelon’s or Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
These items are included to provide information regarding the relative size of the unconsolidated VIEs.
(b)These items represent amounts in Exelon’s and Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the asset sale agreement with
ZionSolutions, LLC. The net assets pledged for Zion Station decommissioning includes gross pledged assets of $9 million and $39 million as of
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively; offset by payables to ZionSolutions LLC of $9 million and $37 million as of
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. These items are included to provide information regarding the relative size of the
ZionSolutions, LLC unconsolidated VIE.
For each of the unconsolidated VIEs, Exelon and Generation have assessed the risk of a loss equal to their maximum exposure to
be remote and, accordingly , Exelon and Generation have not recognized a liability associated  with any portion of the maximum
exposure to loss. In addition, there are no material agreements with, or commitments by, third parties that would materially affect the
fair value or risk of their variable interests in these VIEs.
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon's and Generation's unconsolidated VIEs consist of:
Energy Purchase and Sale Agreements
Generation has several energy purchase and sale agreements with generating facilities. Gene ration has evaluated the significant
agreements, ownership structures and risks of each entity , and determined that certain of the entities are VIEs because the entity
absorbs risk through the sale of fixed price power and renewable energy credits. Generation has reviewed the entities and has
determined that Generation is not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
278
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
because Generation does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs economic performance.
ZionSolutions
Generation has an asset sale agreement with EnergySolutions, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, including ZionSolutions, LLC
(ZionSolutions), which is further discussed in Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations . Unde r this agreement, ZionSolutions can put
the assets and liabilities back to Generation when decommissioning activities under the asset sale agreement are complete.
Generation has evaluated this agreement and determined that, through the put option, it has a variable interest in ZionSolutions but
is not the primary beneficiary . As a result, Gene ration has concluded that consolidation is not required. Other than the asset sale
agreement, Exelon and Generation do not have any contractual or other obligations to provi de additional financial support and
ZionSolutions’  creditors do not have any recourse to Exelon’ s or Generation’ s general credit.
Investment in Distributed Energy Companies
In July 2014, Generation entered into an arrangement to purchase a 90% equity interest and 90% of the tax attributes of a
distributed energy company . Generation contributed a total $85 million  of equity . The distributed energy company meets the
definition of a VIE because the company has a similar structure to a limited partnership and the limited partners do not have kick-out
rights of the general partner. Generation is not the primary beneficiary; therefore, the investment continues to be recorded using the
equity method.
During 2015, a company that is consolidated by Generation as a VIE entered into an arrangement to purchase a 90% equity interest
and 99% of the tax attributes of another distributed energy company (see additional details in the Consolidated Variable Interest
Entities section above). The equity holders (of which Generation is one) contributed to the distributed energy company a total of
$227 million  of equity in proportion to their ownership interests. The equity holders provided a parental guarantee of up to $275
million  in support of equity contributions to the distributed energy company . As all equity contributio ns were made as of the first
quarter of 2017, there is no further payment obligation under the parental guarantee. The distributed energy company meets the
definition of a VIE because the company has a similar structure to a limited partnership and the limited partners do not have kick-out
rights of the general partner. Generation is not the primary beneficiary; therefore, the invest ment is recorded using the equity
method.
Both distributed energy companies from the 2015 and 2014 arrangements are considered related parties to Generation.
ComEd and PECO
The financing trust of ComEd, ComEd Financing III, and the financing trusts of PECO, PECO Trust III and PECO Trust IV, are not
consolidated in Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s, or PECO’ s financial statements. These financing trusts were created to issue mandatorily
redeemable trust preferred securities. ComEd and PECO have concluded that they do not have a significant variable interest in
ComEd Financing III, PECO Trust III, or PECO Trust IV as each Registrant financed its equity interest in the financing trusts through
the issuance of subordin ated debt and, therefore, has no equity at risk. See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents for additional
information.
3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an
amount that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue
include competitive sales of power , natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary
sources of revenue include regulated electric  and gas tariff sales, distribution and transmission services. The performance
obligations associated with these sources of revenue are further discussed below .
Unless otherwise noted, for each of the significant revenue categories and related performance obligations described below , the
Registrants have the right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value transferred to the
customer for the performance completed to date. Therefore, the Registrant's have elected to use the right to invoice practical
expedient for the contracts within these revenue categories and generally
279
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
recognize revenue in the amount for which they have the right to invoice the customer . As a result, there are generally no significant
judgments used in determining or allocating the transaction price.
Competitive Power Sales (Exelon and Generation)
Generation sells power and other energy-related commodities to both wholesale and retail customers across multiple geographic
regions through its custo mer-facing business, Constellation. Power sale contracts generally contain various performance obligations
including the delivery of power and other energ y-related commodities such as capacity , ZECs , RECs or other ancillary services.
Certain performance obligations such as power and capacity are generally delivered over time whereas other performance
obligations such as RECs and ZECs are generally delivered at a point in time. In either case, revenues related to all of the
performance obligations in such bundled power sale contracts are generally recognized concurrently as the power is generated.
Except as noted in the paragraph below , there are no significant judgments in allocating the transaction price since all performance
obligations are satisfied simultaneously upon the generation of power . Payment terms generally require that the customers pay for
the power or the energy-related commodity within the month following delivery to the customer and there are generally no significant
financing components.
Certain contracts may contain limits on the total amount of revenue we are able to collect over the entire term of the contract. In such
cases, the Registrants estimate the total consid eration expected to be received over the term of the contract net of the constraint
and allocate  the expected consideration to the performance obligations in the contract such that revenue is recognized ratably over
the term of the entire contract as the performance obligations are satisfied.
Competitive Natural Gas Sales (Exelon and Generation)
Generation sells natural gas on a full require ments basis or for an agreed upon volume to both commercial and residential
customers. The primary performance obligation associated with natural gas sale contracts is the delivery of the natural gas to the
customer . Revenues related to the sale of natural gas are recognized over time as the natural gas is delivered to and consumed by
the customer . Payment from customers is typica lly due within the month following delivery of the natural gas to the customer and
there are generally no significant financing components.
Other Competitive Products and Services (Exelon and Generation)
Generation also sells other energy-related products and services such as long-term construction and installation of energy efficiency
assets and new power generating facilities, primarily to commercial and industrial customers. These contracts generally contain a
single perfor mance obligation, which is the construction and/or installation of the asset for the customer . The average contract term
for these projects is approximately 18 months. Revenues, and associated costs, are recognized throughout the contract term using
an input method to measure progress towards completion. The method recognizes revenue based on the various inputs used to
satisfy the performance obligation, such as costs incurred and total labor hours expended. The total amount of revenue that will be
recognized is based on the agreed upon contractually-stated amount. Payments from custome rs are typically due within 30 or 45
days from the date the invoice is generated and sent to the customer .
Regulated Electric and Gas T ariff Sales (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
The Utility Registrants sell electricity and elect ricity distribution services to residential, comm ercial, industrial and governmental
customers through regulated tariff rates approved by their state regulatory commissions. PECO,  BGE and DPL also sell natural gas
and gas distribution services to residential, commercial, and industrial customers through regulated tariff rates approved by their
state regulatory commissions. The performance obligation associated with these tariff sale contracts is the delivery of electricity
and/or natur al gas. Tariff sales are generally considered daily contracts given that customers can discontinue service at any time.
Revenues are generally recognized over time (each day) as the electricity and/or natural gas is delivered to customers. Payment
terms generally require that customers pay for the services within the month following delivery of the electricity or natural gas to the
customer and there are generally no significant financing components or variable consideration.
Electric and natural gas utility customers have the choice to purchase electricity or natural gas from competitive electric generation
and natural gas suppliers. While the Utility Registrants are required under state legislation to bill their customers for the supply and
distribution of electricity and/or natural gas, they recognize revenue related only to the distribution services when customers
purchase their electricity or natural gas from competitive suppliers.
280
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Regulated T ransmission Services (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
Under FERC’ s open access transmission policy , the Utility Registrants, as owners of transmission facilities, are required to provide
open access  to their transmission facilities under filed tariffs at cost-based rates approved by FERC. The Utility Registrants are
members of PJM, the regional transmission organization designated by FERC to coordinate the movement of wholesale electricity in
PJM’ s region, which includes portions of the mid-Atlantic and Midwest. In accordance with FERC-approved rules, the Utility
Registrants and other transmission owners in the PJM region make their transmission facilities available to PJM, which directs and
controls the operation of these transmission facilities and accordingly compensates the Utility Registrants and other transmission
owners. The performance obligations associated with the Utility Registrants’  contract with PJM include (i) Network Integration
Transmission Services (NITS), (ii) scheduling, system control and dispatch services, and (iii) access to the wholesale grid. These
performance obligations  are satisfied over time, and Utility Registrants utilize output methods to measure the progress towards their
completion. Passage of time is used for NITS and access to the wholesale grid and MWhs of energy transported over the wholesale
grid is used for scheduli ng, system control and dispatch services. PJM pays the Utility Registrants for these services on a weekly
basis and there are no financing components or variable consideration.
Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract with a Customer (Exelon and Generation)
Generation incurs incremental costs in order to execute certain retail power and gas sales contracts. These costs primarily relate to
retail broker fees and sales commissions. Generation has capitalized such contract acquisition  costs in the amount of $32 million
and $26 million  as of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , respectivel y, within Other current assets and Other deferred
debits in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs are capitalized when incurred and amortized using
the straight-line method over the average length of such retail contracts, which is approximately 2 years. Exelon and Generation
recognized amortization expense associated with these costs in the amount of $22 million  and $30 million  for the twelve months
ended  December 31, 2018 , and December 31, 2017 , respectively , within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidat ed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Generation does not incur material costs to fulfill
contracts with customers that are not already capitalized under existing guidance. In addition, the Utility Registrants do not incur any
material costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with customers.
Contract Balances (All Registrants)
Contract Assets
Generation records contract assets for the revenue recognized on the construction and installation of energy efficiency assets and
new power generating facilities before Generation has an unconditional right to bill for and receive the consideration from the
customer . These contract assets are subseque ntly reclassified to receivables when the right to payment becomes unconditional.
Generation records contract assets and contract receivables within Other current assets and Accounts receivable, net - Customer ,
respectively , within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table provides a rollforward of the
contract assets reflected in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets from January 1, 2018  to December 31, 2018 :
Contract Assets Exelon and Generation
Balance as of January 1, 2018 $ 283
Increases as a result of changes in the estimate of the stage of completion 50
Amounts reclassified to receivables (146)
Balance at December 31, 2018 $ 187
The Utility Registrants do not have any contract assets.
281
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Contract Liabilities
Generation records contract liabilities when cons ideration is received or due prior to the satisfaction of the performance obligations.
These contra ct liabilities  primarily relate to upfront consideration received or due for equipment service plans, solar panel leases and
the Illinois ZEC program that introduces a cap on the total consideration to be received by Generation. The Generation contrac t
liability related to the Illinois ZEC program includes certain amounts with ComEd that are eliminated in consolidation in Exelon’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generation records contract liabilities within Other
current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table
provides a rollforward of the contract liabilities reflected in Exelon's and Generation's Consolida ted Balance Sheet from January 1,
2018  to December 31, 2018 :
Contract Liabilities Exelon  Generation
Balance as of January 1, 2018 $ 35 $ 35
Increases as a result of additional cash received or due 179  465
Amounts recognized into revenues (187) (458)
Balance at December 31, 2018 $ 27 $ 42
The Utility Registrants also record contract liabilities when consideration is received prior to the satisfaction of the performance
obligations. As of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , the Utility Registrants' contract liabilities were immaterial.
Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations (All Registrants)
The followin g table shows the amounts of future revenues expected to be recorded in each year for performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2018 . Gene ration has elected the exemption which permits the exclusion from
this disclosu re of certain variable contract consideration. As such, the majority of Generation’ s power and gas sales contracts are
excluded from this disclosure as they contain variable volumes and/or variable pricing. Thus, this disclosure only includes contracts
for which the total consideration is fixed and determinable at contract inception. The average contract term varies by customer type
and commodity but ranges from one month to several years.
The majority of the Utility Registrants’  tariff sale contracts are generally day-to-day contracts and, therefore, do not contain any
future, unsatisfied performance obligations to be included in this disclosure. Further , the Utility Registrants have elected the
exemption to not disclose the transaction price allocation to remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original
expected duration of one year or less. As such, gas and electric tariff sales contracts and transmission revenue contracts are
excluded from this disclosure.
 2019  2020  2021  20222023 and
thereafter Total
Exelon $ 631  $ 329  $ 119  $ 47 $ 138 $ 1,264
Generation 631  329  119  47 138 1,264
Revenue Disaggregation (All Registrants)
The Registrants disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See Note  24 — Segment Information  for the
presentation of the Registrant's revenue disaggregation.
282
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
4.  Regulatory Matters  (All Registrants)
The following matters below discuss the status of material regulatory and legislative proceedings of the Registrants.
Utility Regulatory Matters (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The following tables show the completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2018.
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested
Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)Approved
Revenue
Requirement
Increase
(Decrease)  Approved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - Illinois (Electric)(b)April 16,
2018 $ (23)(a) $ (24)(a) 8.69%December 4, 2018January 1,
2019
PECO - Pennsylvania
(Electric)(c)March 29,
2018 $ 82(a) $ 25(a) N/A December 20, 2018January 1,
2019
BGE - Maryland (Natural
Gas)June 8, 2018
(amended
August 24,
2018 and
October 12,
2018) $ 61 $ 43 9.8% January 4, 2019January 4,
2019
Pepco - Maryland (Electric)January 2,
2018
(amended
February 5,
2018) $ 3(a) $ (15)(a) 9.5% May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018
Pepco - District of Columbia
(Electric)(d)December
19, 2017
(amended
February 9,
2018) $ 66 $ (24)(a) 9.525 % August 9, 2018August 13,
2018
DPL - Maryland (Electric)(e)July 14, 2017
(amended
November
16, 2017) $ 19 $ 13 9.5%February 9, 2018February 9,
2018
DPL - Delaware (Electric)August 17,
2017
(amended
February 9,
2018) $ 12(a) $ (7)(a) 9.7% August 21, 2018March 17,
2018
DPL - Delaware (Natural
Gas)August 17,
2017
(amended
February 9,
2018) $ 4(a) $ (4)(a) 9.7%November 8, 2018March 17,
2018
__________
(a)Includes the annual ongoing TCJA tax savings further discussed below.
(b)Pursuant to EIMA and FEJA, ComEd’s electric distribution rates are established through a performance-based formula, which sunsets at the end
of 2022. ComEd is required to file an annual update to its electric distribution formula rate on or before May 1st, with resulting rates effective in
January of the following year. ComEd’s annual electric distribution formula rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year
projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in
effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation).
283
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
ComEd’s 2018 approved revenue requirement above reflects a decrease of $58 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2018 and an
increase of $34 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2017. The revenue requirement for 2018 and the annual reconciliation for 2017
provides for a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate base of 6.52% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.69%, reflecting the
average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated with its electric
distribution formula rate.
During the first quarter of 2018, ComEd revised its electric distribution formula rate to implement revenue decoupling provisions provided for
under FEJA. As a result of this revision, ComEd’s electric distribution formula rate revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per
customer or numbers of customers. ComEd began reflecting the impacts of this change in its Operating revenues and electric distribution
formula rate regulatory asset in the first quarter of 2017.
(c)The PECO base rate case proceeding was resolved through a settlement agreement, which did not specify an approved ROE.
(d)On September 7, 2018, Pepco submitted an updated filing for an increase of $4 million to the customer base rate credit established in
connection with the merger between Exelon and PHI for residential customers, representing the TCJA benefits for the period January 1, 2018
through August 12, 2018.
(e)The DPL Maryland base rate case proceeding was resolved through a settlement agreement, which did not specify an overall ROE. The
settlement agreement included an ROE of 9.5% solely for purposes of calculating AFUDC and regulatory asset carrying costs.
In the second quarter of 2018, DPL discovered a rate design issue in Maryland such that the current rates were not sufficient to collect the full
amount of the $13 million revenue increase agreed to by the parties in the recent settlement. On September 5, 2018, the MDPSC approved
DPL’s proposed revisions to resolve the rate design issue on a prospective basis, effective September 5, 2018.
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
ACE - New Jersey
(Electric)August 21, 2018
(amended November
19, 2018) $ 122(a) 10.1% Third quarter of 2019(b)
Pepco - Maryland
(Electric) January 15, 2019 $ 30 10.3% Third quarter of 2019
__________
(a)Requested increase is before New Jersey sales and use tax and includes $40 million of higher depreciation expense related to its updated
depreciation study and the annual ongoing TCJA tax savings further discussed below.
(b)ACE plans to put interim rates in effect on or around May 21, 2019, subject to refund, as allowed by the regulation.
Transmission Formula Rates
Transmission Formula Rate (Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE).  ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's
transmission rates are each established based on a FERC-approved formula. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE are required to
file an annual update to the FERC-approved formula on or before May 15, with the resulting rates effective on June 1 of the same
year. The annual formul a rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year
revenue requirement). The update also reconcil es any differences between the revenue requirement in effect beginning June 1 of
the prior year and actual costs incurred for that year (annual reconciliation).
284
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
For 2018, the following  total increases/(decreases) were included in ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's electric
transmission formula rate filings:
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
Increase(b)Annual
Reconciliation
Increase/(Decrease)Total Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease) IncreaseAllowed Return on
Rate Base(d) Allowed ROE(e)
ComEd(a)$ (44)$ 18 $ (26) 8.32% 11.50 %
BGE(a)10 4 26(c) 7.61% 10.50 %
Pepco 6 2 8 7.82% 10.50 %
DPL 14 13 27 7.29% 10.50 %
ACE(a)4 (4) — 8.02% 10.50 %
__________
(a)The time period for any formal challenges to the annual transmission formula rate update filings expired with no formal challenges submitted.
(b)The initial revenue requirement changes reflect the annual benefit of lower income tax rates effective January 1, 2018 resulting from the
enactment of the TCJA of $69 million, $18 million, $13 million, $12 million and $11 million for ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively.
They do not reflect the pass back or recovery of income tax-related regulatory liabilities or assets, including those established upon enactment
of the TCJA. See further discussion below.
(c)The change in BGE's transmission revenue requirement includes a FERC approved dedicated facilities charge of $12 million to recover the
costs of providing transmission service to specifically designated load by BGE.
(d)Represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(e)As part of the FERC-approved settlement of ComEd’s 2007 transmission rate case, the rate of return on common equity is 11.50%, inclusive of
a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO, and the common equity component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted
average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at 55%. As part of the FERC-approved settlement of the
ROE complaint against BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE, the rate of return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder
for being a member of a RTO.
Pending Transmission Formula Rate (Exelon and PECO).  On May 1, 2017, PECO filed a request with FERC seeking approval to
update its transmission rates and change the manner in which PECO’ s transmission rate is deter mined from a fixed rate to a formula
rate. The formula rate will be updated annually to ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing
transmission services. The formula rate filing includes a requested increase of $22 million  to PECO’ s annu al transmission revenues
and a requested rate of return on common equity of 11%, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a regional
transmission organization. PECO requested that the new transmission rate be effective as of July 2017. On June 27, 2017, FERC
issued an Order accept ing the filing and suspending the proposed rates until December 1, 2017, subject to refund, and set the
matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures. On May 4, 2018, the Chief Administrative Law Judge terminated settlement
judge procedures and designated a new presiding judge. PECO cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding, or the transmission
formula FERC may approve.
On May 11, 2018, pursuant to the transmission formula rate request discussed above, PECO made its first annual formula rate
update, which included a revenue decrease of $6 million. The revenue decrease of $6 million included an approximately $20 million
reduction as a result of the tax savings associated with the TCJA. The updated transmission rate was effective June 1, 2018, subject
to refund.
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
The Utility Registrants have made filings with their state regulatory commissions to pass back tax savings related to TCJA  to their
distribution customers, which are detailed below . The tax savings include the benefit of lower federal income tax rates and the
settlement of a portion of the deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon the enactment of the TCJA. The ongoing
annual TCJA  tax savings in the table below represent the annual savings for distribution customers reflected in the initial customers
rates approved after the TCJA. Subsequent annual TCJA  tax savings will be approved as part of the annual update to the electric
distribution formula rate for ComEd or base rate case proceedings for PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE.
285
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Ongoing TCJA Tax Savings Stub Period Bill Credit from TCJA Tax Savings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Amount Approval Date Rate Effective Date Stub Period Approval DateRefund
Amount/Period
ComEd - Illinois
(Electric) $ 201 January 18, 2018 February 1, 2018 Not applicable
PECO -
Pennsylvania
(Electric) $ 71December 20,
2018 January 1, 2019January 1, 2018 -
December 31,
2018December 20,
2018$67 / 2019
(majority in
January)
PECO -
Pennsylvania
(Natural Gas) $ 4 (a) July 1, 2018 Not applicable
BGE - Maryland
(Electric) $ 72January 31, 2018 February 1, 2018January 1, 2018 -
January 31, 2018 To be addressed in next electric
distribution base rate case
BGE - Maryland
(Natural Gas) $ 31January 31, 2018 February 1, 2018January 1, 2018 -
January 31, 2018
January 4, 2019 $2 / Q1 2019
Pepco - Maryland
(Electric) $ 31 May 31, 2018 June 1, 2018January 1, 2018 -
June 1, 2018 May 31, 2018 $10 / July 2018
Pepco - District of
Columbia (Electric) $ 39 August 9, 2018 August 13, 2018January 1, 2018 -
August 12, 2018 September 7,
2018$20 / September
2018
DPL - Maryland
(Electric) $ 14 April 18, 2018 April 20, 2018January 1, 2018 -
March 31, 2018
April 18, 2018 $2 / June 2018
DPL - Delaware
(Electric) $ 19 August 21, 2018 March 17, 2018February 1, 2018
- March 17, 2018
August 21, 2018 $3 / Q4 2018
DPL - Delaware
(Natural Gas) $ 7November 8,
2018 March 17, 2018February 1, 2018
- March 17, 2018 November 8,
2018 $1 / Q4 2018
ACE - New Jersey
(Electric) $ 23 August 29, 2018September 8,
2018January 1, 2018 -
June 30, 2018
August 29, 2018$6 / Q4 2018
__________
(a)On May 17, 2018, the PAPUC issued an order directing Pennsylvania utility companies without an existing base rate case, including PECO’s
gas distribution business, to start passing back the savings from January 1, 2018 onward through a negative surcharge mechanism to be
effective on July 1, 2018. Pursuant to that order, PECO filed a negative surcharge mechanism and began on July 1, 2018, to return the
estimated annual 2018 tax savings above to its natural gas distribution customers.
As discusse d above, ComEd’ s, BGE’ s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s and ACE’ s transmission formula rates currently do not provide for the pass
back or recovery of income tax-related regulatory liabilities or assets, including those established upon enactment of the TCJA. On
December 13, 2016 (as amended on March 13, 2017) and on February 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018), BGE and ComEd,
Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively , each filed with FERC to revise their transmission formula rate mechanisms to provide for pass
back and recovery of transmission-related income tax-related regulatory liabilities and assets , including those established upon
enactment of the TCJA. See discussion below for additional information regarding these filings.
See Note 14 - Income Taxes  for additional information on Corporate Tax Reform.
286
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Other State Regulatory Matters
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Energy Efficiency Formula Rate (Exelon and ComEd).  FEJA allows ComEd to defer energy efficienc y costs (except for any
voltage optim ization costs which are recovered through the electric distribution formula rate) as a separate regulatory asset that is
recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related
energy efficiency measures. ComEd earns a return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset at a rate equal to its weighted average
cost of capital, which is based on a year-end capital structure and calculated using the same methodology applicable to ComEd’ s
electric distribution formula rate. Beginning Janu ary 1, 2018 through December 31, 2030, the return on equity that ComEd earns on
its energy efficiency regulatory asset is subject to a maximum downward or upward adjustment of 200 basis points if ComEd’ s
cumulative persisting annual MWh savings falls short of or exceeds specified percentage benchmarks of its annual incremental
savings goal. ComEd is required to file an update to its energy efficiency formula rate on or before June 1st each year, with resulting
rates effectiv e in January of the following year. The annual update is based on projected current year energy efficiency costs, PJM
capacity revenues, and the projected year-end regulatory asset balance less any related deferred income taxes (initial year revenue
requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual
costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation). The approved energy efficiency formula rate also provides for revenue
decoupling provisions similar to those in ComEd’ s electric distribution formula rate.
During 2018, the ICC approved the following total increases in ComEd's requested energy ef ficiency revenue requirement:
Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement IncreaseApproved Revenue
Requirement Increase Approved ROE Approval Date Rate Effective Date
June 1, 2018 $ 39$ 42(a) 8.69% December 4, 2018 January 1, 2019
_________
(a)ComEd’s 2018 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $41 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2018 and
2019 and an increase of $1 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2017. The revenue requirement for 2018 and 2019 and the annual
reconciliation for 2017 provides for a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate base of 6.52% inclusive of an allowed ROE of
8.69%, reflecting the average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated
with its energy efficiency formula rate.
Maryland Regulatory Matters
Cash Working Capital Order (Exelon and BGE).  On November 17, 2016, the MDPSC rendered a decision in the proceeding to
review BGE ’s request to recover its cash workin g capital (CWC) requirement for its Provider of Last Resort service, also known as
Standard Offer Service (SOS), as well as other components that make up the Administrative Charge, the mechanism that enables
BGE to recover its SOS-related costs.  The Administrative Charge is comprised of five components:  CWC, uncollectibles,
incremental costs, return, and an administrative  adjustment, which acts as a proxy for retail suppliers’  costs.  The Commission
accepted BGE's positions on recovery of CWC and pass-through recovery of BGE’ s actual uncollectibles and incremental costs. 
The order also grants BGE a return on the SOS.  The Commission ruled that the level of the administrative adjustment will be
determined in BGE’ s next rate case. Subsequently , the MDPSC Staff and residential consumer advocate sought clarification and
appealed the amount of return awarded to BGE on the SOS. The appeal currently resides with the Maryland Court of Special
Appeals. BGE cannot predict the outcome of this appeal.
Smart Meter and Smart Grid Investments (Exelon and BGE).  In August 2010, the MDPSC approved a comprehensive smart grid
initiative for BGE that included the planned insta llation of 2 million  resid ential and commercial electric and natural gas smart meters
at an expected total cost of $480  million of which $200  million was funded by SGIG. The MDPSC’ s approval ordered BGE to defer
the associat ed incremental costs, depreciation and amortization, and an appropriate return, in a regulatory asset until such time as a
cost-ef fective advanced metering system is implemented. See AMI programs in the Regulatory Assets and Liabilities section below
for additional information.
As part of the 2015 electric and natural gas distribution rate case filed on November 6, 2015, BGE sought recovery of its smart grid
initiative costs, supported by evidence demonstrating that BGE had, in fact, implemented a cost-
287
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
beneficial advanced metering system. On June 3, 2016, the MDPSC issued an order concluding  that the smart grid initiative overall
is cost bene ficial to its customers. However , the June 3rd order conta ined severa l cost disallowances and adjustments including
disallowances of certain program and meter insta llation costs and denial of recovery of any return on unrecovered costs for non-AMI
meters repla ced under the program. BGE and the residential consumer advocate subsequently both filed a petition for rehearing of
the June 3rd order. On July 29, 2016, the MDPSC issued an order on the petitions for rehearing that reversed  certain of its prior cost
disallowances and adjustments related to the smart grid initiative.
As a combined result of the MDPSC orders in BGE's 2015 electric and natural gas distribution base rate case, BGE recorded a $52
million charge in June 2016 to Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and BGE’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income reducing certain regulatory assets and other long-lived assets and reclassified $56 million of legacy
meter costs from Property , plant and equipment, net to Regulatory assets in Exelon's and BGE's Consolidated Balance Sheets. In
BGE’ s 2018 natural gas distribution base rate case, the MDPSC allowed BGE to recover the gas portion of the post-test year
regulatory asset, includin g a return thereon, over three years.  The electric portion of the same regulatory asset will be addressed in
BGE’ s next electric distribution base rate case. 
The Maryland Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement Program (Exelon and BGE).  In 2013, legislation in
Maryland was signed into law to establish a mechanism, separate from base rate proceedin gs, for gas companies to promptly
recover reasonable and prudent costs of eligible infrastructure replacement projects incurred after June 1, 2013. The monthly
surcharge and infrastructure replacement costs must be approved by the MDPSC and are subject to a cap and require an annual
true-up of the surcharge revenues against actual expenditures. Investment levels in excess of the cap would be recoverable in a
subsequent gas base rate proceeding at which  time all costs for the infrastructure replacement projects would be rolled into gas
distribution base rates. Irrespective of the cap, BGE is required to file a gas rate case every five years under this legislation.
On Decemb er 1, 2017 (as amended on January 22, 2018), BGE filed an application with the MDP SC seeking approval for a new gas
infrastructure replacement plan and associated surcharge, effective for the five-year period from 2019 through 2023. On May 30,
2018, the MDPSC approved with modifications a new infrastructure plan and associated surcharge, subject to BGE's acceptance of
the Order. On June 1, 2018, BGE accepted the MDPSC Order and the associated surcharge will be effective in rates beginning in
January 2019. The new five-year plan calls for capital expenditures over the 2019-2023 timeframe of $732  million, with an
associated revenue requirement of $200  million.
District of Columbia Regulatory Matters
District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative (Exelon, PHI and Pepco).  The District of Columbia  government
enacted on a permanent basis (effective July 11, 2017) legislation to amend the Electric Company Infrastructure Improvement
Financing Act of 2014 (as amended) (the Infrastructure Improvement Financing Act) to authorize the District of Columbia Power Line
Undergrounding (DC PLUG) initiative, a projected six year, $500 million  project to place under ground some of the District of
Columbia’ s most outage-prone power lines with $250 million of the proje ct costs funded by Pepco and $250 million funde d by the
District of Columbia.
The $250 million  of project costs funded by Pepco will earn a return and be recovered through a volumetric surcharge on the electric
bill of Pepco's customers in the District of Columbia.
The $250 million  of project costs funded by the District of Colum bia will come from two sources. Project costs of $187.5 millio n will
be funded through a charge assessed on Pepco  by the District of Columbia; Pepco will recover this charge from customers through
a volumetric distribution rider. The remaining costs up to $62.5 million  are to be funded by the existing capital projects program of the
District Department of Transportation (DDOT). Ownership and responsibility for the operation and maintenance of assets funded by
the District of Columbia will be transferred to Pepco for a nominal amount upon completion, and Pepco will not recover or earn a
return on the cost of these assets.
In accordance with the Infrastructure Improveme nt Financing Act, Pepco filed an application for approval of the first two-year plan in
the DC PLUG initiative (the First Biennial Plan) on July 3, 2017. Pepco will then be required to make two additional applications. On
November 9, 2017, the DCPSC issued an order approving the First Biennial Plan and the application for a financing order . Pursuant
to that order , Pepco is obligated to pay $187.5 million  to the District of Columbia over the six-year project term, of which it expects to
pay $30 million  in 2019. Pepco recorded
288
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
an obligation and of fsetting regulatory asset in November . Rates for the DC PLUG initiative went into ef fect on February 7, 2018.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
ACE Infrastructure Investment Program Filing (Exelon, PHI and ACE).  On February 28, 2018, ACE filed with the NJBPU the
company’ s Infrastructure Investment Program (IIP) proposing to seek recovery of a series of investments through a new rider
mechanism, totaling $338 million, between 2019-2022 to provide safe and reliable service for its customers. The IIP will allow for
more timely recovery of investments made to modernize and enhance ACE’ s electric system. ACE currently expects a decision in
this matter in the second quarter of 2019 but cannot predict if the NJBPU will approve the application as filed.
New Jersey Consolidated Tax Adjustment (Exelon, PHI and ACE).  The Consolidated Tax Adjustment (CTA) is a ratemaking
policy that requires utilities that are part of a consolidated tax group to share with customers the tax benefits that came from losses
at unregulated affiliates through a reduction in rate base. After opening a generic proceeding to review the policy , in 2014, the
NJBPU issued a decision which retained the CTA, but in a modified format that significantly reduced the impact of the CTA to ACE.
On Septemb er 18, 2017, the Appellate Division of the Superior Court of New Jersey reversed the NJBPU’ s decision in adopting the
revised CTA policy and held that NJBPU’ s actions related to the CTA constituted a rulemaking  that should have been undertaken
pursuant to the requirements of the Administrat ive Procedures Act. The Court did not address the merits of the CTA methodology
itself. The NJBPU issue d a proposed rule for comment, consistent with the requirements of the Administrative Procedures Act. On
January 17, 2019, the NJBPU adopted the proposed CTA regulations, which do not have a material impact on ACE. The CTA
regulations will be sent to the Office of Administrative Law for publication in the New Jersey Register, which is expected on or before
March 4, 2019.
New Jersey  Clean Energy Legislation (Exelon and ACE).  On May 23, 2018, the Governor of New Jersey signed new legislation,
effective immediately , that established and modified New Jersey’ s clean energy and energy efficiency programs and solar and
renewable energy portfo lio standards. The new legislation expands the state's renewable portfo lio standard to require that 50% of
electric generation sold be from renewable energy sources by 2030; modifies the New Jerse y solar renewable energy portfolio
standard to require that 5.1% of electric generation sold in New Jersey be from solar electri c power by 2021; lowers the solar
alternative compliance payment amount starting in 2019 and requires the NJBPU to adopt rules to replace the current solar
renewable energy credit  program; and requires the NJBPU to increase its offshore wind energ y credit program to 3,500 MW. The
new legislati on further imposes an energy efficiency standard that each electric public utility will be required to reduce annual usage
by 2% and provides for utilities to annually file for recovery of the costs of the programs, including  the revenue impact of sales losses
resulting from the progr ams. The NJBPU is required to initiate a study to determine the savings targets for each public utility , to
adopt other rules regard ing the programs, and to approve energy efficiency and peak demand reduction programs for each utility .
The new legislation also requires the NJBPU to conduct an energy storage analysis including the potential costs and benefits and to
initiate a proceeding to establish a goal of achieving 2,000 MW of energy storage by 2030; requir es the utilities to conduct a study on
voltage optimization on their distribution system; and requires the NJBPU to establish a community solar program to permit
customers to participate in a solar project that is not located on the customer ’s property which the NJBPU issued regulations on
January 17, 2019.
On the same day, the Governor of New Jersey also signed new legislation, effective immediately , that will establish a ZEC program
providing compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certa in requirements, including that they
make a significant contri bution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Electric
distribution utilities in New Jersey , including ACE, will be authorized to collect from retail distribution customers through a non-
bypassable charge all costs associated with the utility’ s procurement of the ZECs. See Gener ation Regulatory Matters below for
additional information.
Other Federal Regulatory Matters
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory Assets (Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco,  DPL and ACE).  On Decemb er 13,
2016 (as amended on March 13, 2017), BGE filed with FERC to begin recovering certain existing and future transmission-related
income tax regulatory assets through its transmission formula rate. BGE’ s existing regulatory assets included (1) amounts that, if
BGE’ s transmission formula rate provided for recovery , would have been previously amortize d and (2) amounts that would be
amortized and recovered prospectively . ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE had similar transmission-related income tax regulatory
liabilities and assets also requiring FERC
289
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
approval. On November 16, 2017, FERC issued an order rejecting BGE’ s proposed revisions  to its transmission formula rate to
recover these transmission-related income tax regulatory assets. FERC’ s rejection order focused on the lack of timeliness of BGE’ s
request to recover amounts that would have been previously amortized but indicated that ongoin g recovery of certain transmission-
related income tax regulatory assets would provide for a more accurate revenue requirement. Based on FERC’ s order , management
of each company conclu ded that the portion of the total transmission-related income tax regul atory assets that would have been
previously amortized and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for such recovery was no longer
probable of recovery . As a result, Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE recorded the following charges to Income tax
expense within their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the fourth quarter of 2017, reducing their
associated transmission-related income tax regulatory assets. Similar regulatory assets and liabilities at PECO are not subject to the
same FERC transmission rate recovery formula and, thus, are not impacted by BGE’ s November 16, 2017 FERC order . See above
for additional information regarding PECO's transmission formula rate filing.
 For the year ended December 31, 2017
Exelon $ 35
ComEd 3
BGE 5
PHI 27
Pepco 14
DPL 6
ACE 7
On December 18, 2017, BGE filed for clarification and rehearing of FERC’ s order , still seeking full recovery of its existing
transmission-related income tax regulatory asset amounts, including those amounts that would have been previously amortized and
recovered through rates  had the transmission formula rate provided for such recovery . On February 27, 2018 (and updated on
March 26, 2018), BGE submitted a letter to FERC advising that the lower federal corporate incom e tax rate effective January 1, 2018
provided for in the TCJA  will be reflected in BGE’ s annual formula rate update effective June 1, 2018, but that the deferred income
tax benefits will not be passed back to customers unless BGE’ s formula rate is revised to provide for pass back and recovery of
transmission-related income tax-related regulatory liabilities and assets.
On Februar y 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018), ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each filed with FERC to revise their
transmission formula rate mechanisms to facilitate passing back to customers ongoing annu al TCJA  tax savings and to permit
recovery of transmission-related income tax regulatory assets, including those amounts that would have been previously amortized
and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for such recovery .
On Septemb er 7, 2018, FERC issued orders rejecting BGE’ s December 18, 2017 request for rehearing and clarification and
ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's February 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018) filings, again citing the lack of timeliness of
the requests  to recover amounts that would have been previously amortized, but indicating  that ongoing recovery of certain
transmission-related income tax regulatory assets would provide for a more accurate revenue requirement. The orders did not
address the remittance of TCJA  transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, but rather referenced FERC’ s separate Notice
of Inquiry of such amounts issued on March 15, 2018.
On October 1, 2018, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL,  and ACE submitted new filings to recover ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts
and refund TCJA  transm ission-related income tax regulatory liabilities for the prospective period  starting on October 1, 2018. FERC
issued deficiency letters requesting additional information on November 21, 2018 and January 28, 2019. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE responded to the November 21, 2018 deficiency letter on November 29, 2018 but cannot predict the outcome of these
FERC proceedings. If FERC ultimately rules that the future, ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts are not recoverable, Exelon,
ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE would record additional charges to Income tax expense, which could be up to
approximately $76 million , $51 million , $15 million , $10 million , $3 million , $5 million  and $2 million , respectively , as of December 31,
2018.
290
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
On October 9, 2018, ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE sought rehearing of FERC's September 7, 2018 order , still seeking full recovery
of their existing transmission-related income tax regulatory asset amounts, including those amounts that would have been previously
amortized and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for such recov ery. ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
cannot predict the outcome of this rehearing request. On November 2, 2018, BGE filed an appeal of FERC’ s September 7, 2018
order to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.
PJM Transm ission Rate Design (All Registra nts).  On June 15, 2016, several parties, including the Utility Registrants, filed a
proposed settlement with FERC to resolve outstanding issues related to cost responsibility for charges to transmission customers for
certain trans mission facilities that operate at or above 500 kV. The settlement included provisions for monthly credits or charges
related to the periods prior to January 1, 2016 that are expected to be refunded or recovered through PJM wholesale transmission
rates through December 2025.
On May 31, 2018, FERC issued an order approving the settlement and directed PJM to adjust wholesale transmission rates within
30 days. Pursuant to the order , similar charges  for the period January 1, 2016 through June 30, 2018 will also be refunded or
recovered through PJM wholesale transmission rates over the subsequent 12-month period. PJM commenced billing the refunds
and charges associated with this settlement in August 2018. The Utility Registrants expect to refund or recover these settlement
amounts through prospective electric distributio n customer rates. On July 2, 2018, several parties filed petitions for rehearing or
clarification.
Pursuant to the FERC approval of the settleme nt and the expected refund or recovery of the associated amounts from electric
distribution customers, in the second quarter of 2018 and as adjusted in the third quarter of 2018, the Utility Registrants recorded the
following payables to/receivables from PJM and related regulatory assets/liabilities. Generation recorded a $41 million  net payable to
PJM and a pre-tax charge within Purchased power and fuel expense in Exelon's and Gener ation's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
 PJM Receivable PJM Payable Regulatory Asset Regulatory Liability
Exelon $ 220 $ 176 $ 136 $ 221
Generation(a)— 41 — —
ComEd 122 — — 122
PECO 85 — — 85
BGE — 51 51 —
PHI 13 84 85 14
Pepco — 84 84 —
DPL 10 — — 10
ACE 3 — 1 4
__________
(a)Does not include an offsetting receivable from New Jersey Utilities of $16 million as of December 31, 2018.
291
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits that have been deferred
because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates or represent billings in advance of
expenditures for approved regulatory programs.
The following tables provide information about the regulatory assets and liabilities of Exelon, Com Ed, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL
and ACE as of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 :
December 31, 2018 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory assets        
Pension and other postretirement
benefits $2,553  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Pension and other postretirement
benefits - Merger related 1,266  — — — — — — —
Deferred income taxes 414  — 404 — 10 10 — —
AMI programs - Deployment Costs 202  — — 113 89 50 39 —
AMI programs - Legacy Meters 328  136 24 48 120 90 30 —
AMI programs - Post-test year costs 32 — — 32 — — — —
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 158  158 — — — — — —
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 81 81 — — — — — —
Energy ef ficiency costs 472  472 — — — — — —
Fair value of long-term debt 702  — — — 569 — — —
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 561  — — — 561 — — —
Asset retirement obligations 118  79 22 16 1 1 — —
MGP  remediation costs 326  309 17 — — — — —
Renewable energy 249  249 — — — — — —
Electric Energy and Natural Gas
Costs 193  — 49 51 93 84 — 9
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 41 6 — 4 31 10 14 7
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 545  — 1 289 255 188  67 —
Merger integration costs 42 — — 3 39 18 11 10
Under-recovered revenue
decoupling 59 — — 2 57 57 — —
Securitized stranded costs 50 — — — 50 — — 50
Removal costs 564  — — — 564 158  97 309
DC PLUG charge 159  — — — 159 159  — —
Deferred storm costs 41 — — — 41 9 4 28
Other 303  110 24 17 162 79 28 13
Total regulatory assets 9,459  1,600 541 575 2,801 913  290  426
        Less: current portion 1,222  293 81 177 489 270  59 40
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,237  $1,307 $ 460 $398 $2,312 $ 643  $ 231  $ 386
292
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
December 31, 2018 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI  Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory liabilities         
Deferred income taxes $5,228 $2,394 $ — $1,132  $1,702  $ 798  $ 510  $ 394
Nuclear decommissioning 2,606 2,217 389 — — — — —
Removal costs 1,547 1,368 — 52 127  20 107  —
Electric Energy and Natural Gas
Costs 294 137 132 6 19 — 18 1
Other 528 227 75 79 100  11 30 25
Total regulatory liabilities 10,203 6,343 596 1,269 1,948  829  665  420
        Less: current portion 644 293 175 77 84 7 59 18
Total noncurrent regulatory
liabilities $9,559 $6,050 $ 421 $1,192 $1,864  $ 822  $ 606  $ 402
293
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
December 31, 2017 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory assets           
Pension and other postretirement
benefits $2,455 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Pension and other postretirement
benefits - Merger related 1,393 — — — — — — —
Deferred income taxes 306 — 297  — 9 9 — —
AMI programs - Deployment
costs 385 — — 129  101 58 43 —
AMI programs - Legacy meters 223 155  36 53 134 100  34 —
AMI programs - Post-test year
costs 32 — — 32 — — — —
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 186 186  — — — — — —
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 58 58 — — — — — —
Energy ef ficiency costs 166 166  — — — — — —
Fair value of long-term debt 758 — — — 619 — — —
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 750 — — — 750 — — —
Asset retirement obligations 109 73 22 14 — — — —
MGP  remediation costs 295 273  22 — — — — —
Renewable energy 258 256  — — 2 — 1 1
Electric energy and natural gas
costs 47 — 1 16 30 8 7 15
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 35 6 — 7 22 3 8 11
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 596 — 1 285  310 229  81 —
Merger integration costs 45 — — 6 39 20 10 9
Under-recovered revenue
decoupling 55 — — 14 41 38 3 —
Securitized stranded costs 79 — — — 79 — — 79
Removal costs 529 — — — 529 150  93 286
DC PLUG charge 190 — — — 190 190  — —
Deferred storm costs 27 — — — 27 7 5 15
Other 311 106  31 15 165 79 29 14
Total regulatory assets 9,288 1,279  410  571 3,047 891  314  430
        Less: current portion 1,267 225  29 174  554 213  69 71
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,021 $1,054  $ 381  $ 397 $ 2,493 $ 678  $ 245  $ 359
294
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
December 31, 2017 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL  ACE
Regulatory liabilities       
Deferred income taxes $5,241  $2,479 $ — $1,032 $ 1,730  $ 809  $ 510  $ 411
Nuclear decommissioning 3,064  2,528 536 — — — — —
Removal costs 1,573  1,338 — 105 130  20 110  —
Electric Energy and Natural Gas
Costs 111  47 60 — 4 — 1 3
Other 399  185 94 26 64 3 14 8
Total regulatory liabilities 10,388  6,577 690 1,163 1,928  832  635  422
        Less: current portion 523  249 141 62 56 3 42 11
Total noncurrent regulatory
liabilities $9,865  $6,328 $ 549 $1,101 $ 1,872  $ 829  $ 593  $ 411
Descriptions of the regulatory assets and liabiliti es included in the tables above are summarized  below , including their recovery and
amortization periods.
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Pension and Other
Postretirement BenefitsPrimarily reflects the Utility Registrants' portion of
deferred costs, including unamortized actuarial
losses (gains) and prior service costs (credits),
associated with Exelon's pension and other
postretirement benefit plans, which are recovered
through customer rates once amortized through net
periodic benefit cost. Also, includes the Utility
Registrants' non–service cost components
capitalized in Property , plant and equipment, net on
their Consolidated Balance Sheets.The deferred costs are
amortized over the plan
participants' average
remaining service
periods subject to
applicable pension and
other postretirement cost
recognition policies. See
Note 16 – Retirement
Benefits for additional
information. The
capitalized non–service
cost components are
amortized over the lives
of the underlying assets.No
Pension and Other
Postretirement Benefits -
Merger RelatedThe deferred costs are amortized over the plan
participants' average remaining service periods
subject to applicable pension and other
postretirement cost recognition policies. See Note
16 – Retirement Benefits for additional information.
The capitalized non–service cost components are
amortized over the lives of the underlying assets.Legacy Constellation -
2038
Legacy PHI - 2032No
295
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Deferred Income TaxesDeferred income taxes that are recoverable or
refundable through customer rates, primarily
associated with accelerated depreciation, the equity
component of AFUDC, and the ef fects of income tax
rate changes, including those resulting from the
TCJA. These amounts include transmission-related
regulatory liabilities that require FERC approval
separate from the transmission formula rate. See
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory
Assets section above for additional information.Over the period in which
the related deferred
income taxes reverse,
which is generally based
on the expected life of
the underlying assets.
For TCJA, generally
refunded over the
remaining depreciable life
of the underlying assets,
except in certain
jurisdictions where the
commissions have
approved a shorter
refund period for certain
assets not subject to IRS
normalization rules.No
AMI Programs -
Deployment CostsInstallation costs of new smart meters, including
implementation costs at Pepco and DPL  of dynamic
pricing for energy usage resulting from smart
meters.BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030Yes
AMI Programs - Legacy
MetersEarly retirement costs of legacy meters.ComEd - 2028
PECO - 2020
BGE - 2028
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030ComEd, Pepco (District
of Columbia), DPL
(Delaware) - Yes
PECO, BGE, Pepco
(Maryland), DPL
(Maryland) - No
AMI Programs - Post-test
year incremental costsPost-test year incremental program deployment
costs of smart meters. As of December 31, 2018
and 2017, the portion of BGE's regulatory asset
related to gas and electric costs was $10 million and
$22 million, respectively .BGE (gas) - 2021
BGE (electric) - Not
currently being
recovered.BGE (gas) - Yes
BGE (electric) - No
Electric distribution
formula rate annual
reconciliationsUnder-recoveries related to electric distribution
service costs recoverable through ComEd's
performance-based formula rate, which is updated
annually with rates ef fective on January 1st.2020Yes
Electric distribution
formula rate significant
one-time eventsUnder-recoveries of electric distribution service
costs related to significant one-time events (e.g.,
storm costs), which are recovered over 5 years from
date of the event.2022 Yes
296
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Energy Ef ficiency CostsCosts recovered through the energy ef ficiency
formula rate tarif f and the reconciliation of the
difference of the revenue requirement in ef fect for
the prior year and the revenue requirement based
on actual prior year costs. Deferred energy
efficiency costs are recovered over the weighted
average useful life of the related energy measure.2029Yes
Fair V alue of Long-T erm
DebtRepresents the dif ference between the carrying
value and fair value of long-term debt of PHI and
BGE of $569 million and $133 million, respectively ,
as of December 30, 2018 and $619 million and
$139 million, respectively , as of December 30,
2017, as of the PHI and Constellation merger dates.BGE - 2043
PHI - 2045No
Fair V alue of PHI’ s
Unamortized Energy
ContractsRepresents the regulatory assets recorded at
Exelon and PHI of fsetting the fair value adjustment
related to Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's electricity and
natural gas energy supply contracts recorded at PHI
as of the PHI merger date.2036 No
Asset Retirement
ObligationsFuture legally required removal costs associated
with existing asset retirement obligations.Over the life of the
related assets.Yes, once the removal
activities have been
performed.
MGP  Remediation Costs Environmental remediation costs for MGP  sites.Over the expected
remediation period. See
Note 22 - Commitments
and Contingencies for
additional information.ComEd, PECO - No
Renewable EnergyRepresents the change in fair value of ComEd‘s 20-
year floating-to-fixed long-term renewable energy
swap contracts.2032No
Electric Energy and
Natural Gas CostsUnder (over) recoveries related to energy and gas
supply related costs recoverable (refundable) under
approved rate riders.2025DPL (Delaware), ACE -
Yes
ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  (Maryland) -
No
Transmission formula
rate annual
reconciliationsUnder (over)-recoveries related to transmission
service costs recoverable through the Utility
Registrants’  FERC formula rates, which are updated
annually with rates ef fective each June 1st.2020 Yes
297
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Energy ef ficiency and
demand response
programsIncludes under (over)-recoveries of costs incurred
related to energy ef ficiency programs and demand
response programs and recoverable costs
associated with customer direct load control and
energy ef ficiency and conservation programs that
are being recovered from customers.PECO - 2021
BGE - 2023
Pepco, DPL  - 2033BGE, Pepco, DPL, ACE -
Yes
PECO - Yes on capital
investment recovered
through this mechanism
Merger Integration CostsIntegration costs to achieve distribution synergies
related to the Constellation merger and PHI
acquisition. Costs for Pepco (Maryland) and Pepco
(District of Columbia) were $9 million each as of
December 31, 2018 and $11 million and $9 million,
respectively , as of December 31, 2017.BGE - 2021
Pepco - 2021
DPL- 2023
ACE - Not currently being
recovered.BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL - Yes
Pepco (District of
Columbia), ACE - No
Under (Over)-Recovered
Revenue DecouplingElectric and / or gas distribution costs recoverable
from or (refundable) to customers under decoupling
mechanisms.BGE, Pepco and DPL  -
2019BGE, Pepco, DPL- No
Securitized Stranded
CostsRepresents certain stranded costs associated with
ACE's former electricity generation business.2022Yes
Removal CostsFor PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE, the regulatory asset
represents costs incurred to remove property , plant
and equipment in excess of amounts received from
customers through depreciation rates. For ComEd,
BGE, PHI, Pepco and DPL, the regulatory liability
represents amounts received from customers
through depreciation rates to cover the future non–
legally required cost to remove property , plant and
equipment, which reduces rate base for ratemaking
purposes.PHI, Pepco, DPL  and
ACE - Asset is generally
recovered over the life of
the underlining assets.
ComEd, BGE, PHI,
Pepco and DPL  - The
liability is reduced as
costs are incurred.Yes
DC PLUG ChargeCosts associated with the DC Plug Initiative. See
District of Columbia Regulatory Matters discussion
above.2019 - $30M
$127 million to be
determined based on
future biennial plans filed
with the DCPSC.Portion of asset funded
by Pepco-Y es
Deferred Storm CostsFor Pepco, DPL  and ACE amounts represent total
incremental storm restoration costs incurred due to
major storm events recoverable from customers in
the Maryland and New Jersey jurisdictions.Pepco - 2022
DPL - 2023
ACE - 2020Pepco, DPL  - Yes
ACE - No
Nuclear
DecommissioningEstimated future decommissioning costs for the
Regulatory Agreement Units that are less than the
associated NDT  fund assets. See Note 15 - Asset
Retirement Obligations for additional informationNot currently being
refunded. No
298
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Capitalized Ratemaking Amounts Not Recognized
The following table presents authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes related to earnings on shareholders’
investment that are not recognized for financial reporting purposes in Exelon's and the Utility Registrant's Consolidated Balance
Sheets. These amounts will be recognized as revenues in the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income in the periods they are billable to our customers.
 Exelon ComEd(a) PECO  BGE(b) PHI  Pepco(c) DPL(c) ACE
December 31, 2018 $ 65 $ 8$ — $ 49 $ 8 $ 5 $ 3 $ —
         
December 31, 2017 $ 69 $ 6$ — $ 53 $ 10 $ 6 $ 4 $ —
__________
(a)Reflects ComEd's unrecognized equity returns earned for ratemaking purposes on its electric distribution formula rate regulatory assets.
(b)BGE's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes primarily relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on its AMI programs.
(c)Pepco's and DPL's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on their respective
AMI Programs and Energy Efficiency and Demand Response Programs. The earnings on energy efficiency are on Pepco DC and DPL DE
programs only.
Generation Regulatory Matters (Exelon and Generation)
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Zero Emission Standard.  Pursuant to FEJA, on January 25, 2018, the ICC announced that Generation’ s Clinton Unit 1, Quad
Cities Unit 1 and Quad Cities Unit 2 nuclear plants were selected as the winning bidders through the IP A's ZEC procurement event.
Generation executed the required ZEC procurement contracts with Illinois utilities, including ComEd, effective January 26, 2018 and
began recognizing revenue, with compensation for the sale of ZECs retroactive to the June 1, 2017 effective date of FEJA. The ZEC
price was initially estab lished at $16.50  per MWh of production, subject to annual future adjustments determined by the IPA for
specified escalation and pricing adjustment mechanisms designed to lower the ZEC price based  on increases in underlying energy
and capacity prices. Illinois utilities are required to purchase all ZECs delivered by the zero-emissions nuclear-powered generating
facilities, subject to annu al cost caps. For the initial delivery year, June 1, 2017 to May 31, 2018, and subsequent delivery year, June
1, 2018 to May 31, 2019, the ZEC annual cost cap was set at $235 million  (ComEd’ s share is approximately $170 million ). For
subsequent delivery years, the IPA-approved targeted ZEC procurement amounts will change based on forward energy and capacity
prices. ZECs delivered to Illinois utilities in exce ss of the annual cost cap may be paid in subsequent years if the payments do not
exceed the prescribed annual cost cap for that year. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Generation recognized revenue of
$373 million , of which $150 million  related to ZECs generated from June 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
On February 14, 2017, two lawsuits were filed in the Northern District of Illinois against the IPA alleging that the state’ s ZEC program
violates certain provisions of the U.S. Constitution. Both lawsuits argued that the Illinois ZEC program would distort PJM's FERC-
approved energy and capacity market auction system of setting wholesale prices and sought a permanent injunction preventing the
implementation of the program. Exelon interven ed and filed motions to dismiss in both lawsuits, which were granted by the district
court. On September 13, 2018, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the lower court's dismissal of both
lawsuits. The U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit panel denied the plaintif fs’ request for rehearing on October 9,
2018. On January 7, 2019, plaintif fs filed a petition seeking Supreme Court review of the case.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
New Jersey  Clean Energy Legislation . On May 23, 2018, the Governor of New Jersey signed new legislation, effective
immediately , that will establish a ZEC program providing compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they
meet certain requirements, including that they make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are
insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Under the legislation, the NJBPU will issue ZECs to qualifying nuclear power plants and the
electric distribution utilities in New Jersey , including ACE,
299
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
will be required to purchase those ZECs. Selecte d nuclear plants will receive annual ZEC payme nts for each energy year (12-month
period from June 1 through May 31) within 90 days after the completion of such energy year. The quantity of ZECs issued will be
determined based on the greater of 40% of the total number of MWh of electricity distributed by the public electric distribution utilities
in New Jersey in the prior year, or the total number of MWh of electricity generated in the prior year by the selected nuclear power
plants. The ZEC price is approximately $10 per MWh during the first 3-year eligibility period. For eligibility periods following the first
3-year eligibility period, the NJBPU has discretion to reduce the ZEC price. On November 19, 2018, the NJBPU issued an order
providing for the method and application process for determining the eligibility of nuclear power plants, a draft method and process
for ranking and selecting  eligible nuclear power plants, and the establishment of a mechanism for each regulated utility to purchase
ZECs from selected nuclear power plants. On December 19, 2018, PSEG filed complete applications seeking NJBPU approval for
Salem 1 and Salem 2, of which Generation owns a 42.59% ownership interest, to participate in the ZEC program. On the same day,
Generation filed certain Supplemental Informat ion with the NJBPU providing proprietary information that was requested in the
application but which could not be shared with PSEG. The NJBPU must complete its processes for determining eligibility for, and
participation in, the ZEC program by April 18, 2019. See Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements  for additional information on New Jersey’ s
ZEC program potential impacts to PSEG’ s Salem nuclear plant.
New York Regulatory Matters
New York Clean Energ y Standard.  On August 1, 2016, the NYPSC issued an order establishing the New York CES, a component
of which included a Tier 3 ZEC program targeted at preserving the environmental attributes of zero-emissions nuclear-powered
generating facilities that met specific criteria demonstrating public necessity , determined by the NYPSC to be Generation's
FitzPatrick, Ginna and Nine Mile Point nuclear facilities. The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority
(NYSERDA) centrally procures the ZECs through a 12-year contract extending from April 1, 2017 through March 31, 2029,
administered in six two-year tranches. ZEC payments are made based upon the number of MWh produced by each facility , subject
to specified caps and minimum performance requirements. The ZEC price for the first tranc he was set at $17.48  per MWh of
production and is admin istratively determined using a formula based on the social cost of carbon as determined in 2016 by the
federal gove rnment, subject to pricing adjustme nts designed to lower the ZEC price based on increases in underlying energy and
capacity prices.  Following the first tranche, the price will be updated bi-annually .  Each Load Serving Entity (LSE) is required to
purchase an amount of ZECs from NYSERDA  equivalent to its load ratio share of the total electric energy in the New York Control
Area.  Cost recovery from ratepayers is incorporated into the commodity charges on customer bills.
Generation is currently recognizing revenue for the sale of New York ZECs in the month they are generated and for the years ended
December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Generation has recognized revenue of $438 million  and $311 million , respectively .
On October 19, 2016, a coalition of fossil-genera tion companies filed a complaint in federal district court against the NYPSC alleging
that the ZEC program violates certain provisions of the U.S. Constitution; specifically , that the ZEC program interferes with FERC’ s
jurisdiction over wholesa le rates and that it discriminates against out of state competitors. On December 9, 2016, several parties
filed motions  to intervene in the case and to dismiss the lawsuit.  On July 25, 2017, the court granted the motion s to dismiss. On
September 27, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the Second Circuit affirmed the lower court's dismissal of the complaint against
the ZEC program. On January 7, 2019, the fossil-generation companies filed a petition seeking Supreme Court review of the case.
In addition, on November 30, 2016 (as amende d on January 13, 2017), a group of parties filed a Petition in New York State court
seeking to invalidate the ZEC program, which argued that the NYPSC did not have authority to establish the program, that it violated
state environmental law and that it violated certa in technical provisions of the State Administrative Procedures Act when adopting the
ZEC program. Subsequently , Generation, CENG  and the NYPSC filed motions to dismiss the state court action, which were later
opposed by the plaintif fs. On January 22, 2018, the court dismissed the environmental claims and the majority of the plaintif fs from
the case but denied the motions to dismiss with respect to the remaining five plaintif fs and claims, without commenting on the merits
of the case. Generation,  CENG and the state's answers and briefs were filed on March 30, 2018. On December 17, 2018, plaintif fs
filed a reply brief introducing new arguments and new evidence. The State of New York filed a motion to strike on December 28,
2018. On January 4, 2019, Generation and CENG filed a motion to strike the new arguments and new evidence. After briefing is
completed, the court will decide whether or not to set the case for hearing.
300
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Other legal challenges remain possible, the outcomes of which remain uncertain. See Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements  for additional
information related to Ginna and Nine Mile Point, and Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information on
Generation's acquisition of FitzPatrick.
Ginna Nucle ar Power Plant Reliability Support Services Agreement.  In November 2014, in response to a petition filed by Ginna
Nuclear Power Plant (Ginna) regarding the possible retirement of Ginna, the NYPSC directed Ginna and Rochester Gas & Electric
Company (RG&E) to negotiate a RSSA  to support the continued operation of Ginna to maintain the reliability of the RG&E
transmission grid for a specified period of time.
On April 8, 2016, FERC accepted Ginna’ s compliance filing and on April 20, 2016, the NYPSC  accepted the revised RSSA  with a
term expiring on March 31, 2017. In April 2016, Generation began recognizing revenue based on the final approved pricing
contained in the RSSA  and also recognized a one-time revenue adjustment of $101 million  representing the net cumulative
previously unrecognized amount of revenue retroactive from the April 1, 2015 effective date through March 31, 2016. A 49.99%
portion of the one-time adjustment was removed from Generation’ s results of operations as a result of the noncontrolling interests in
CENG.
The RSSA required Ginna to continue operating  through the RSSA  term. On September 30, 2016, Ginna filed the required notice
with the NYPSC of its intent to continue operat ing beyond the March 31, 2017 expiry of the RSSA, conditioned upon successful
execution of an agreement between Ginna and NYSERDA  for the sale of ZECs under the New York CES. Subject to prevailing over
any administrative or legal challenges, it is expected the New York CES will allow Ginna to continue to operate through the end of its
current operating license in 2029. See Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements  for additional informatio n regarding the impacts of a decision
to early retire a nuclear plant.
Federal Regulatory Matters
Operating License Renewals
Conowingo Hydroelectric Project . On August 29, 2012, Generation submitted a hydroelectric license application to FERC for a 46-
year license for the Conowingo Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo). In connection with Generatio n’s efforts to obtain a water quality
certification pursuant to Section 401 of the Clean Water Act (401 Certification) with Maryland Department of the Environment (MDE)
for Conowin go, Generat ion continues to work with MDE and other stakeholders to resolve wate r quality licensing issues, including:
(1) water quality , (2) fish habitat, and (3) sediment.
On April 21, 2016, Generation and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior executed a Settlement
Agreement resolving all fish passage issues between the parties. The financial impact of the Settlement Agreement is estimated to
be $3 million  to $7 million  per year, on average, over the life of the new license, including both capital and operating costs. The
actual timing  and amount of these costs are not currently fixed and may vary significantly from year to year throughout the life of the
new license.
On April 27, 2018, the MDE issued its 401 Certification for Conowingo. As issued, the 401 Certification contains numerous
conditions, including those relating to reduction  of nutrients from upstream sources, removal of all visible trash and debris from
upstream sources, and implementation of meas ures relating to fish passage, which could have  a material, unfavorable impact on
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements through an increase in capital expenditures and operating costs if implemented. On
May 25, 2018, Generation filed complaints in federal and state court, along with a petition for reconsideration with MDE, alleging that
the conditions are unfair and onerous violating MDE regulations, state, federal, and constitutional law. Generation also requested
that FERC defer action on the federal license while these significant state and federal law issues  are pending. On July 9, 2018, MDE
filed a motion to dismiss  Generation's complaint in state court, which was granted without preju dice on October 9, 2018. The court
found MDE' s Certification was not a "final decision" of Exelon's rights and because Exelon's motion for reconsideration remains
pending, as does its administrative appeal of the 401 Certification, there was no final administrative decision for the court to review
at this time. On November 5, 2018, Exelon appealed the Maryland Circuit Court's dismissal of Exelon's state complaint. Exelon
continues to challenge the 401 Certification through the administrative process and in federal court. Exelon and Generation cannot
predict the final outcome or its financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
As of December 31, 2018, $37 million  of direct costs associated with Conowingo licensing ef forts have been capitalized.
Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. On July 10, 2018, Generation submitted a second 20-year license renewal application with the NRC
for Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. Generation anticipates the second license renewal process to take
301
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
approximately 2 years from the application subm ission until completion of the NRC’ s review process. Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3
are currently licensed to operate through 2033 and 2034, respectively .
PJM T ransmission Rate Design . Refer to Other Federal Regulatory Matters above for additional information.
5. Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
Acquisition of FirstEnergy Solutions Load Business (Exelon and Generation)
On July 9, 2018, Generation entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with FirstEnergy Solutions
Corporation (FirstEnergy). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, FirstEnergy agreed to assign all of its retail electricity and
wholesale load serving contracts and certain other related commodity contracts to Generation for an all cash purchase price of $140
million . The closing of the transaction was subject to certain conditions including the approval of the Purchase Agreement by the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Ohio (Bankruptcy Court). At FirstEnergy's request, Bankruptcy Court's
review of the transaction was delayed on six occasions, and Generation disputed these delays with the Bankruptcy Court. On
January 23, 2019 the Bankruptcy Court approved an order that stipulated FirstEnergy's termination of the Purchase Agreement,
effective January 22, 2019. The termination order provided for Generation to receive a refund of its escrow deposit, payment of a
termination fee and reimbursement of transaction expenses, all of which were immaterial.
Acquisition of James A. FitzPatrick Nuclear Generating Station (Exelon and Generation)
On March 31, 2017, Generation acquired the 842 MW single-unit James A. FitzPatrick (FitzPatrick) nuclear generating station
located in Scriba, New York from Entergy Nuclear FitzPatrick LLC (Entergy) for a total purchase price of $289 million , which
consisted of a cash purchase price of $110 million  and a net cost reimbursement to and on behalf of Entergy of $179 million . As part
of the acquisition agree ments, Generation provided nuclear fuel and reimbursed Entergy for incremental costs to prepare for and
conduct a plant refueling  outage; and Generation  reimbursed Entergy for incremental costs to operate and maintain the plant for the
period after the refueling outage through the acquisition closing date. These reimbursements covered costs that Entergy otherwise
would have avoided had it shutdown the plant as originally intended in January 2017. The amounts reimbursed by Generation were
offset by FitzPatrick's electricity and capacity sales revenues for this same post-outage period. As part of the transaction, Generation
received the FitzPatrick NDT fund assets and assumed the obligation to decommission FitzPatrick. The NRC license for FitzPatrick
expires in 2034.
The fair values of FitzPatrick’ s assets and liabilities were determined based on significant estimates and assumptions that are
judgmental in nature, including projected future cash flows (including timing), discount rates reflecting risk inherent in the future cash
flows and future power and fuel market prices.
An after-tax bargain purchase gain of $233 million  was included within Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income which primarily reflects differences in strategies betwe en Generation and Entergy for the
intended use and ultimate decommissioning of the plant. See Note 15 — Asset Retire ment Obliga tions  and Note 16 — Retirement
Benefits  for additional information regarding the FitzPatrick decommissioning ARO and pension and OPEB updates.
302
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table summarizes the final acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred and the assets and liabilities
assumed for the FitzPatrick acquisition by Generation:
Cash paid for purchase price $ 110
Cash paid for net cost reimbursement 125
Nuclear fuel transfer 54
Total consideration transferred $ 289
 
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
Current assets $ 60
Property , plant and equipment 298
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 807
Other assets(a)114
Total assets $ 1,279
 
Current liabilities $ 6
Nuclear decommissioning ARO 444
Pension and OPEB obligations 33
Deferred income taxes 149
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 110
Other liabilities 15
Total liabilities $ 757
Total net identifiable assets, at fair value $ 522
 
Bargain purchase gain (after-tax) $ 233
_________
(a)Includes a $110 million asset associated with a contractual right to reimbursement from the New York Power Authority (NYPA), a prior owner of
FitzPatrick, associated with the DOE one-time fee obligation. See Note 22-Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding
SNF obligations to the DOE.
Exelon and Generation incurred $57 million of merger and integratio n related costs to FitzPatrick for the year ended Dece mber 31,
2017  which  are included within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon's and Generation' s Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. Exelon  and Generation did not incur any merger and integration costs related to FitzPatrick
for the year ended December 31, 2018 .
Acquisition of ConEdison Solutions (Exelon and Generation)
On September 1, 2016, Generation acquired the competitive retail electricity and natural gas business of Consolidated Edison
Solutions, Inc. (ConEdison Solutions), a subsidi ary of Consolidated Edison, Inc. for a purchase price of $257 million  including net
working capital of $204 million . The renewable energ y, sustainable services and energy efficiency businesses of ConEdis on
Solutions are excluded from the transaction.
The purchase price of $257 million equaled the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and,
therefore, no goodwill or bargain purchase was recorded as of the acquisition date.
303
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Merger with Pepco Holdings, Inc. (Exelon)
Description of T ransaction
On March 23, 2016 , Exelon completed the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement among Exelon, Purple Acquisition Corp.,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon (Merger Sub) and Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI), for a total purchase price consideration of
approximately $7.1 billion . As a result  of the merger , Merger Sub was merged into PHI (the PHI Merger) with PHI surviving as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC (EEDC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon which
also owns Exelon's interests in ComEd, PECO and BGE (through a special purpose subsidiary  in the case of BGE). Following the
completion of the PHI Merger , Exelon and PHI completed a series of internal corporate organization restructuring transactions
resulting in the transfer of PHI’s unregulated business interests to Exelon and Generation and the transfer of PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE to a special purpose subsidiary of EEDC.
Regulatory Matters
Approval of the merger in Delaware, New Jersey, Maryland and the District of Columbia was conditioned upon Exelon and PHI
agreeing to certain commitments including where applicable: customer rate credits, funding for energy efficiency and delivery system
modernization programs, a green sustainability fund, workforce development initiatives, charitable contributions, renewable
generation and other required commitments. In addition, the orders approving the merger in Delaware, New Jersey and Maryland
include a “most favored nation” provision which, generally , requires allocation of merger benefits proportionally across all the
jurisdictions.
Total nominal cost of commitments was $513 million  excluding renewable generation commitments (approximately $444 million  on a
net present value basis amount, excluding renewable generation commitments and charitable contributions).
During the fourth quarte r of 2018, Exelon finalized the application of $5 million  funding for residential and non-residential customers
in the DPL Maryland service territory . This result ed in an adjustment to merger commitment costs recorded at Exelon Corporate and
DPL. Exelon Corporate recorded a decrease of $5 million  and DPL recorded an increase of $5 million  in Operating and maintenance
expense.
The following amounts represent total commitme nt costs for Exelon, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE that have been recorded since the
merger date:
Expected Payment Period Successor     
Description Exelon PHI Pepco  DPL  ACE
Rate credits 2016 - 2021 $ 259  $ 264 $ 91 $ 72 $ 101
Energy ef ficiency 2016 - 2021 117  — — — —
Charitable contributions 2016 - 2026 50 50 28 12 10
Delivery system modernization Q2 2017 22 — — — —
Green sustainability fund Q2 2017 14 — — — —
Workforce development 2016 - 2020 17 — — — —
Other 29 6 1 5 —
Total commitments $ 508  $ 320 $ 120  $ 89 $ 111
Remaining commitments as of
December 31, 2018 $ 128  $ 92 $ 73 $ 12 $ 7
Pursuant to the orders approving the merger , Exelon made $73 million, $46 million and $49 million of equity contributions to Pepco,
DPL and ACE, respectiv ely, in the second quarter of 2016 to fund the after-tax amounts of the customer bill credit and the customer
base rate credit commitments.
In addition, Exelon is committed to develop or to assist in the commercial development of approximately 37 MWs  of new solar
generation in Maryland, District of Columbia and Delaware, at an estimated cost of approximate ly $127 million , which will generate
future earnings at Exelon and Generation. Investment costs, which are expected to be
304
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
primarily capital in nature, will be recognized as incurred and recorded on Exelon's and Gene ration's financial statements. As of
December 31, 2018, 27 MWs were developed and Exelon and Genera tion have incurred costs of $83 million . Exelon has also
committed to purchase 100 MWs of wind energy in PJM. DPL has committ ed to conducting three RFPs to procure up to a total of
120 MWs of wind RECs for the purpose of meeting Delaware's renewable portfolio standards. DPL has conducted two of the three
wind REC RFPs. The first 40 MW wind REC tranche was conducted in 2017 and did not result in a purchase agreement. The
second 40 MW wind REC tranche was conducted in 2018  and resulted in a proposed REC purchase agreement that is pending
review and approval with the DPSC. The third and final 40 MW wind REC tranche will be conducted in 2022.
Pursuant to the various jurisdictions' merger approval conditions, over specified periods Pepco,  DPL and ACE are not permitted to
reduce employment levels due to involuntary attrition associated with the merger integration process and have made other
commitments regarding hiring and relocation of positions.
In July 2015, the OPC, Public Citizen, Inc., the Sierra Club and the Chesapeake Climate Action Network (CCAN) filed motions to
stay the MDPSC order approving the merger . The Circuit Court judge issued an order denying  the motions for stay on August 12,
2015. On January 8, 2016, the Circuit Court judge affirmed the MDPSC’ s order approving the merger and denied the petitions for
judicial review filed by the OPC, the Sierra Club, CCAN and Public Citizen, Inc.  On January 19, 2016, the OPC filed a notice of
appeal to the Maryland Court of Special Appeals , and on January 21, the Sierra Club and CCAN filed notices of appeal. On January
27, 2017, the Maryland Court of Special Appeals  affirmed the Circuit Court's judgment that the MDPSC did not err in approving the
merger . The OPC and Sierra Club filed petitions seeking further review in the Maryland Court of Appeals, which is the highest court
in Maryland.  On August 29, 2018, the Maryland  Court of Appeals affirmed the MDPSC's May 2015 Order approving the merger of
Exelon and PHI.
Between March 25, 2016 and April 22, 2016, various parties filed motions with the DCPSC to reconsider its March 23, 2016 order
approving the merger .  On June 17, 2016, the DCPSC denied all motions. In August 2016, the District Legal Entity of Columbia
Office of People’ s Counsel, the District of Columbia Government, and Public Citizen jointly with DC Sun each filed petitions for
judicial revie w of the DCPSC’ s March 23, 2016  order with the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. On July 20, 2017, the Court
issued an opinion rejecting all of appellants’  arguments and af firming the Commission’ s decision approving the merger .
Accounting for the Merger T ransaction
The total purchase price  consideration for the PHI merger was approximately $7.1 billion. The excess  of the purchase price over the
estimated fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed totaled $4 billion, which  was recognized as goodwill by PHI
and Exelon at the merg er date, reflecting the value associated with enhancing Exelon's regulated utility portfolio of businesses,
including the ability to leverage experience and best practices across the utilities and the opportunities for synergies. None of this
goodwill is expected to be tax deductible. For purposes of future required impairment assessments, the goodwill has been assigned
to PHI's reportable units Pepco, DPL  and ACE. See Note 10 - Intangible Assets  for additional information.
Immediately following closing of the merger , $235 million of net asse ts associate d with PHI's unregulate d business interests were
distributed by PHI to Exelon. Exelon contributed $163 million  of such net assets to Generation.
Rates charged to custom ers are established by a regulator to provide for recovery of costs and a fair return on invested capital, or
rate base, generally measured at historical cost. Historical cost information therefore is the most relevant presentation for the
financial statements of PHI’s rate regulated utility subsidiary registrants, Pepco, DPL and ACE. As such, Exelon and PHI did not
push-down the application of acquisition accounting to PHI's utility registrants, and therefore the financial statements of Pepco, DPL
and ACE do not reflect the revaluation of any assets and liabilities.
305
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The current impact of PHI, including its unregulated businesses, in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income includes Operating revenues and Net Income (Loss) as follows:
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating Revenues 4,670  4,829  3,785
Net Income (Loss) 453  364  (66)
For the periods ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , the Registrants have recognized costs to achieve the PHI merger as
follows:
 For the Year Ended December 31,
Acquisition, Integration and Financing Costs(a) 2018  2017  2016
Exelon $ 7 $ 16 $ 143
Generation 5 22 37
ComEd(b)— 1 (6)
PECO 1 4 5
BGE(b)1 4 (1)
Pepco(b)— (6) 28
DPL(b)— (7) 20
ACE(b)— (6) 19
 Successor  Predecessor
 For the Year Ended December 31,March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016 January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
Acquisition, Integration and Financing Costs(a) 2018 2017  
PHI(b)$ — $ (18)$ 69  $ 29
______________
(a)The costs incurred are classified primarily within Operating and maintenance expense in the Registrants’ respective Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income, with the exception of the financing costs, which are included within Interest expense. Costs do not
include merger commitments discussed above.
(b)For the year ended December 31, 2017, includes deferrals of previously incurred integration costs as regulatory assets of $24 million, $8 million,
$8 million, and $8 million at PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2016, includes deferrals of previously
incurred integration costs as regulatory assets of $8 million, $6 million, $11 million and $4 million at ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL, respectively.
For the Successor period March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016, includes deferrals of previously incurred integration costs as regulatory assets
of $16 million at PHI. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters for additional information.
306
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Pro-forma Impact of the Merger
The following unaudited pro-forma financial information reflects the consolidated results of operations of Exelon as if the PHI merger
had taken place on January 1, 2015 . The unaudited pro forma information was calculated after applying Exelon’ s accounting policies
and adjusting PHI’ s results to reflect purchase accounting adjustments.
The unaudited pro-forma financial information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of
results of operations that would have been achieved had the merger events taken place on the dates indicated, or future
consolidated results of operations of the combined company .
 Year Ended December 31,
 2016(a) 2015(b)
Total operating revenues $ 32,342 $ 33,823
Net income attributable to common shareholders 1,562 2,618
   
Basic earnings per share $ 1.69 $ 2.85
Diluted earnings per share 1.69 2.84
______________
(a)The amounts above exclude non-recurring costs directly related to the merger of $680 million and intercompany revenue of $171 million for the
year ended December 31, 2016.
(b)The amounts above exclude non-recurring costs directly related to the merger of $92 million and intercompany revenue of $559 million for the
year ended December 31, 2015.
Disposition of Oyster Creek (Exelon and Generation)
On July 31, 2018, Gene ration entered into an agreement with Holtec International (Holtec) and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary ,
Oyster Creek Environmental Protection, LLC (OCEP), for the sale and decommissioning of the Oyster Creek Generating Station
(Oyster Creek) located in Forked River , New Jersey . On September 17, 2018, Oyster Creek permanently ceased generation
operations.
Under the terms of the transaction, Generation will transfer to OCEP  substantially all the assets associated with Oyster Creek,
including assets held in NDT funds, along with the assumption of liability for all responsibility for the site, including full
decommissioning and ongoing management of spent fuel until the spent fuel is moved offsite. In addition to the assumption of
liability for the full decommissioning and ongoing management of spent fuel, other consideration  to be received in the transaction is
contingent on several factors, including a requirement that Generation deliver a minimum NDT fund balance at closing, subject to
adjustment for specific terms that include incom e taxes that would be imposed on any net unrealized built-in gains and certain
decommissioning activiti es to be performed during the pre-close period after the unit shuts down in the fall of 2018 and prior to the
anticipated close of the transaction. The terms of the transaction also include various forms of performance assurance for the
obligations of OCEP  to timely complete the required decommissioning, including a parental guaranty from Holtec for all performance
and payment obligations of OCEP , and a requirement for Holtec to deliver a letter of credit to Generation upon the occurrence of
specified events.
As a result of the transaction, in 2018, Exelon and Generation reclassified certain Oyster Creek assets and liabilities in Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidat ed Balance Sheets as held for sale at their respective fair values. At December 31, 2018  Generation has
$897 million  and $777 million  of Assets held for sale and Liabilities held for sale, respectively , for Oyster Creek. Upon
remeasurement of the Oyster Creek ARO in 2018, Exelon and Generation recognized an $84 million pre-tax charge to Oper ating
and maintenance expense. See Note 15 -Asset Retirement Obligations  for additional information.
Completion of the transaction contemplated by the sale agreement is subject to the satisfaction of several closing conditions,
including approval of the license transfer from the NRC and other regulatory approvals, and the receipt of a private letter ruling from
the IRS. Generation currently anticipates satisfaction of the closing conditions to occur in the second half of 2019.
307
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Disposition of EGTP  and Acquisition of Handley Generating Station (Exelon and Generation)
EGTP , a Delaware limited liability company , was formed in 2014 with the purpose of financing a portfolio of assets comprised of two
combined-cycle gas turbines (CCGT s) and three peaking/simple cycle facilities consisting of approximately 3.4 GW of generation
capacity in ERCOT  North and Houston Zones. EGTP  was an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and Generation.
EGTP’ s operating cash flows were negatively impacted by certain market conditions and the seasonality of its cash flows. On May 2,
2017, as a result of the negative impacts of certain market conditions and the seasonality of its cash flows, EGTP  entered into a
consent agreement with its lenders to permit EGTP  to draw on its revolving credit facility and initiate an orderly sales process to sell
the assets of its wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, Exelon and Generation classified certa in of EGTP  assets and liabilities as
held for sale at their respective fair values less costs to sell and recorded a $460 million pre-tax impairment loss. See Note 13 - Debt
and Credit Agreements  for details regarding the nonrecourse debt associated with EGTP  and Note 7 - Impairment of Long-Live d
Assets and Intangibles  for additional information.
On Novemb er 7, 2017, EGTP  and all of its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11
of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, which resulted in Exelon and
Generation deconsolidating EGTP's assets and liabilities from their consolidated financial statements in the fourth quarter of 2017
that resulted in a pre-tax gain upon deconsolidation of $213 million . Concurrently with the Chapter 11 filings, Generation entered
into an asset purchase agreement to acquire one of EGTP's generating plants, the Handley Generating Station, subject to a
potential adjustment for fuel oil and assumption of certain liabilities. In the Chapter 11 Filings, EGTP requested that the proposed
acquisition of the Handley Generating Station be consummated through a court-approved and supervised sales process. The
acquisition closed on April 4, 2018 for a purchase price of $62 million. The Chapt er 11 bankruptcy proceedings were finalized on
April 17, 2018, resulting in the ownership of EGTP  assets (other than the Handley Generating Station) being transferred to EGTP's
lenders.
Other Asset Dispositions (Exelon, Generation, DPL  and Pepco)
In Decembe r 2017, Generation entered into an agreement to sell its interest in an electrical contracting business that primarily
installs, maintains and repairs underground and high-voltage cable transmission and distribution systems. As a result, as of
December 31, 2017, certain assets and liabilities  were classified as held for sale and included in the Other current assets and Other
current liabilities balance s in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheet. On February 28, 2018, Generation completed
the sale of its interest for $87 million , resulting in a pre-tax gain which is included within Gain on sales of assets and businesses in
Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Statem ents of Operations and Comprehensive Income. In June 2018, additional proceeds
were received, and a pre-tax gain was recorded within Gain on sales of assets and busine sses in Exelon's and Generation's
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
During the fourth quart er of 2016, as part of its continual assessment of growth and deve lopment opportunities, Generation
reevaluated and in certa in instances terminated or renegotiated certain projects and contracts . As a result, a pre-tax loss of $69
million  was record ed within Loss on sales of assets and businesses and pre-tax impairment charges of $23 million was record ed
within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated  Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
On June 16, 2016, Generation initiated the sales process of its Upstream business by executing  a forbearance agreement with the
lenders of the nonrecourse debt. See Note 13 - Debt and Credit Agreements  for additional information. In December 2016,
Generation sold substantially all of the Upstream assets for $37 million  which resulted in a pre-tax loss on sale of $10 million  which
is included in Gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income.
308
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
6. Property , Plant and Equipment  (All Registrants)
Exelon
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-90 $ 53,090 $ 49,506
Electric—generation 1-56 29,170 29,019
Gas—transportation and distribution 5-90 5,530 5,050
Common—electric and gas 5-75 1,627 1,447
Nuclear fuel (a)1-8 5,957 6,420
Construction work in progress N/A 3,377 2,825
Other property , plant and equipment (b)1-50 858 999
Total property , plant and equipment 99,609 95,266
Less: accumulated depreciation (c)22,902 21,064
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 76,707 $ 74,202
__________
(a)Includes nuclear fuel that is in the fabrication and installation phase of $1,004 million and $1,196 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.
(b)Includes Generation’s buildings under capital lease with a net carrying value of $5 million and $7 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. The original cost basis of the buildings was $47 million as of both December 31, 2018 and 2017, and total accumulated
amortization was $42 million and $40 million, as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Also includes ComEd’s buildings under capital
lease with a net carrying value at both December 31, 2018 and 2017 of $7 million. The original cost basis of the buildings was $8 million and
total accumulated amortization was $1 million as of both December 31, 2018 and 2017. Includes land held for future use and non-utility property
at ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE of $39 million, $19 million, $25 million, $61 million, $17 million and $28 million, respectively, at
December 31, 2018.
(c)Includes accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel in the reactor core at Generation of $2,969 million and $3,159 million as of December 31,
2018 and 2017, respectively.
The following table presents the annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for each asset category .
Average Service Life Percentage by Asset Category 2018  2017 2016
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.73% 2.75% 2.73%
Electric—generation(a)5.37% 4.36% 5.94%
Gas 2.07% 2.10% 2.17%
Common—electric and gas 6.98% 7.05% 7.41%
__________
(a) See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information on the accelerated net depreciation and amortization of Clinton, Quad Cities,
Oyster Creek and TMI.
309
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—generation 1-56 $ 29,170 $ 29,019
Nuclear fuel (a)1-8 5,957 6,420
Construction work in progress N/A 997 838
Other property , plant and equipment (b)1-8 63 57
Total property , plant and equipment 36,187 36,334
Less: accumulated depreciation (c) 12,206 11,428
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 23,981 $ 24,906
__________
(a)Includes nuclear fuel that is in the fabrication and installation phase of $1,004 million and $1,196 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.
(b)Includes buildings under capital lease with a net carrying value of $5 million and $7 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The
original cost basis of the buildings was $47 million as of both December 31, 2018 and 2017, and total accumulated amortization was $42 million
and $40 million, as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(c)Includes accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel in the reactor core of $2,969 million and $3,159 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.
The annual depreciation provisions as a percen tage of average service life for electric generat ion assets were 5.37% , 4.36%  and
5.94%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively . See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  for additional
information on the accelerated depreciation and amortization of Clinton, Quad Cities, Oyster Creek and TMI.
License Renewals
Depreciation provisions are based on the estimated useful lives of the stations, which reflect the actual renewal of the operating
licenses for all of Gener ation's operating nuclear generating stations except for TMI and Clinton . As a result, the receipt of license
renewals has no materia l impact in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehens ive Income. Beginning in 2017, TMI
and Oyster Creek depreciation provisions were based on their 2019 expected shutdown dates. Beginning February 2018, Oyster
Creek depreciation provisions were based on its announced shutdown date of September 2018. Clinton depreciation provisions are
based on an estimated  useful life through 2027 which is the last year of the Illinois Zero Emissions Standard. See Note 4 —
Regulatory Matters  for additional information regarding license renewals and the Illinois ZECs and Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements
for additional information on the impacts of expected and potential early plant retirement.
310
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
ComEd
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-80 $ 25,991 $ 24,423
Construction work in progress N/A 705 517
Other property , plant and equipment (a), (b)35-50 46 52
Total property , plant and equipment 26,742 24,992
Less: accumulated depreciation 4,684 4,269
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 22,058 $ 20,723
__________
(a)Includes buildings under capital lease with a net carrying value at both December 31, 2018 and 2017 of $7 million. The original cost basis of the
buildings was $8 million and total accumulated amortization was $1 million as of both December 31, 2018 and 2017.
(b)Represents land held for future use and non-utility property.
The annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for electric transm ission and distribution assets were
2.95% , 2.99%  and 3.03%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively .
PECO
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-65 $ 8,359 $ 7,975
Gas—transportation and distribution 5-70 2,694 2,504
Common—electric and gas 5-50 756 710
Construction work in progress N/A 343 254
Other property , plant and equipment (a)50 19 21
Total property , plant and equipment 12,171 11,464
Less: accumulated depreciation 3,561 3,411
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 8,610 $ 8,053
__________
(a)Represents land held for future use and non-utility property.
The following table presents the annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for each asset category .
Average Service Life Percentage by Asset Category 2018  2017 2016
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.35% 2.37% 2.32%
Gas 1.90% 1.89% 1.82%
Common—electric and gas 5.44% 5.47% 5.11%
311
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
BGE
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-90 $ 7,951 $ 7,464
Gas—distribution 5-90 2,630 2,379
Common—electric and gas 5-40 860 771
Construction work in progress N/A 410 367
Other property , plant and equipment (a)20 25 26
Total property , plant and equipment 11,876 11,007
Less: accumulated depreciation 3,633 3,405
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 8,243 $ 7,602
__________
(a)Represents plant held for future use and non-utility property.
The following table presents the annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for each asset category .
Average Service Life Percentage by Asset Category 2018  2017 2016
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.61% 2.58% 2.56%
Gas 2.36% 2.33% 2.45%
Common—electric and gas 8.50% 8.64% 9.45%
PHI
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-75 $ 12,664 $ 11,517
Gas—distribution 5-75 486 449
Common—electric and gas 5-75 126 82
Construction work in progress N/A 912 835
Other property , plant and equipment (a)3-43 99 102
Total property , plant and equipment 14,287 12,985
Less: accumulated depreciation 841 487
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 13,446 $ 12,498
__________
(a)Represents plant held for future use and non-utility property.
312
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table presents the annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for each asset category .
Average Service Life Percentage by Asset Category 2018  2017 2016
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.61% 2.63% 2.52%
Gas 1.59% 2.07% 2.57%
Common—electric and gas 6.30% 6.50% 8.12%
Pepco
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-75 $ 9,217 $ 8,646
Construction work in progress N/A 536 473
Other property , plant and equipment (a)25-33 61 59
Total property , plant and equipment 9,814 9,178
Less: accumulated depreciation 3,354 3,177
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 6,460 $ 6,001
__________
(a)Represents plant held for future use and non-utility property.
The annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for electric transm ission and distribution assets were
2.40% , 2.35%  and 2.17%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively .
DPL
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-70 $ 4,195 $ 3,875
Gas—distribution 5-75 651 614
Common—electric and gas 5-75 136 117
Construction work in progress N/A 151 205
Other property , plant and equipment (a)10-43 17 15
Total property , plant and equipment 5,150 4,826
Less: accumulated depreciation 1,329 1,247
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 3,821 $ 3,579
__________
(a)Represents plant held for future use and non-utility property.
313
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table presents the annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for each asset category .
Average Service Life Percentage by Asset Category 2018  2017 2016
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.77% 2.75% 2.49%
Gas 1.59% 2.07% 2.57%
Common—electric and gas 3.70% 4.14% 4.99%
ACE
The following table presents a summary of property , plant and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Average 
Service Life
(years) 2018 2017
Asset Category   
Electric—transmission and distribution 5-60 $ 3,866 $ 3,607
Construction work in progress N/A 209 138
Other property , plant and equipment (a)13-15 28 27
Total property , plant and equipment 4,103 3,772
Less: accumulated depreciation 1,137 1,066
Property , plant and equipment, net $ 2,966 $ 2,706
__________
(a)Represents plant held for future use and non-utility property.
The annual depreciation provisions as a percentage of average service life for electric transm ission and distribution assets were
2.45% , 2.46%  and 2.45%  for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively .
Capitalized Software Costs (All Registrants)
The following tables presents net unamortized capitalized software costs and amortization of capitalized software costs by year .
Net unamortized software costs Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2018 $810  $ 164  $206  $ 98 $166  $ 165 $ 26 $ 21 $ 14
December 31, 2017 834  173  227  111 179  133 2 1 1
Amortization of capitalized software costs Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
2018 $282  $ 78 $ 79 $ 37 $ 48 $ 2$ 2$ 1
2017 270  73 73 39 46 — — —
2016 255  72 62 33 44 — — —
 Successor  Predecessor
PHIFor the year ended
December 31, 2018For the year ended
December 31, 2017 March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
Amortization of capitalized software
costs $ 33 $ 34 $ 29  $ 8
314
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC (All Registrants)
The following table summarizes total incurred interest, capitalized interest and credits to AFUDC by year:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
2018 Total incurred interest(a)$1,695  $ 464 $ 377 $141  $130  $162 $62 $68
 Capitalized interest 31 31 — — — — — —
 Credits to AFUDC debt and equity 109  — 30 12 24 34 4 4
2017 Total incurred interest(a)$1,658  $ 502 $ 369 $130  $111  $133 $54 $64
 Capitalized interest 63 63 — — — — — —
 Credits to AFUDC debt and equity 108  — 20 12 22 34 10 9
2016 Total incurred interest(a)$1,678  $ 472 $ 469 $127  $114  $137 $52 $65
 Capitalized interest 108  107 — — — — — —
 Credits to AFUDC debt and equity 98 — 22 11 30 29 7 9
 Successor  Predecessor
PHIFor the year ended
December 31, 2018For the year ended
December 31, 2017 March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
Total incurred interest(a)$ 305 $ 263  $ 207  $ 68
Credits to AFUDC debt and equity 44 54 35  10
__________
(a)Includes interest expense to affiliates.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  for additional informatio n regarding property , plant and equipment policies. See Note
13 — Debt and Credit Agreements  for additional information regarding Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s and PECO’ s property , plant and
equipment subject to mortgage liens.
7. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangibles  (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
Long-Lived Assets (Exelon, Generation and PHI)
Registrants evaluate long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. In the second quarter of 2018, updates to Exelon's long-term view of energy and capacity prices
suggested that the carry ing value of a group of merchant wind assets, located in West Texas, may be impaired. Upon review , the
estimated undiscounted future cash flows and fair value of the group were less than its carrying value. The fair value analysis was
based on the income approach using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) including revenue and generation forecasts, projected
capital and maintenance expenditures and discount rates. As a result, long-lived merchant wind assets held and used with a net
carrying amount of $41 million  were fully impaired and a pre-tax impairment charge of $41 million  was recorded during 2018 within
Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
During the first quarter of 2018, Mystic Unit 9 did not clear in the ISO-NE capacity auction for the 2021 - 2022 planning year. On
March 29, 2018, Generation notified ISO-NE of the early retirement of its Mystic Generating Station's Units 7, 8, 9 and the Mystic Jet
Unit (Mystic Generating Station assets) absen t regulatory reforms. These events suggested that the carrying value of its New
England asset group may be impaired. As a result, Generation completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows of the New England asset group and no impairment charge was required. Further developments such as the failure
of ISO-NE to adopt long-term solutions for reliability and fuel security could potentially result in future impairments of the New
England asset group, which could be material. See Note 8 — Early Plant Retirements  for additional information.
In the third quarter of 2015, PHI entered into a sponsorship agreement with the District of Columbia for future sponsorship rights
associated with public property within the District of Columbia and paid the District of Columbia  $25 million , which Exelon and PHI
had recorded as a finite-lived intangible asset as of December 31, 2016. The specific sponsorshi p rights were to be determined over
time through future negotiations. In the fourth quarter of
315
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
2017, based upon the lack of currently available sponsorship opportunities, the asset was written off and a pre-tax impairment
charge of $25 million  was recorded within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and PHI’s Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
On May 2, 2017, EGTP  entered into a consent agreement with its lenders to initiate an orderly sales process to sell the assets of its
wholly owned subsidiaries. As a result, Exelon and Generation classified certain of EGTP's assets and liabilities as held for sale at
their respective fair values less costs to sell and recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $460 million  within Operating and
maintenance expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income during 2017. On November 7,
2017, EGTP  and its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter  11 of Title 11 of the United States
Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware and, as a result, Exelon and Generation deconsolidated
EGTP's assets and liabilities from their consolidated financial statements. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for
additional information.
In the second quarter of 2016, updates to Exelon 's long-term view of energy and capacity prices suggested that the carrying value of
a group of merchant wind assets, located in West Texas, may be impaired.  Upon review , the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows and fair value of the group were less than their carrying value.  The fair value analysis was based on the income approach
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) including revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital and maintenance
expenditures and discount rates. As a result of the fair value analysis, long-lived merchant wind assets held and used with a carrying
amount of approximatel y $60 million were writte n down to their fair value of $24 million and a pre-tax impairme nt charge of $36
million  was record ed during the second quarter of 2016 in Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
In the first quarter of 2016, significant changes in Generation’ s intended use of the Upstream oil and gas assets, developments with
nonrecourse debt held by its Upstream subsidiary CEU Holdings, LLC (as described in Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents) and
continued declines in both production volumes and commodity prices suggested that the carrying value may be impaired.
Generation concluded that the estimated undiscounted future cash flows and fair value of its Upstream properties were less than
their carrying values. As a result, a pre-tax impairment charge of $119 million was record ed in March 2016 within Operating and
maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. On June
16, 2016, Generation initiated the sales process of its Upstream natural gas and oil explo ration and production business by
executing a forbearance agreement with the lenders of the nonrecourse debt, see Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents for
additional information. An additional pre-tax impairment charge of $15 million was recorde d in September 2016 within Operating and
maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and Generat ion’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income due to
further declines in fair value. In December 2016, Generation sold substantially all of the Upstream Assets. See Note 5 — Mergers,
Acquisitions and Dispositions  for additional information.
The fair value analysis used in the above impairments was primarily based on the income approach using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3) including revenue, generation and production forecasts, projected capital and maintenance expenditures and
discount rates. Changes in the assumptions described above could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s long-lived
assets, which could be material.
Like-Kind Exchange T ransaction (Exelon)
In June 2000, UII, LLC (formerly Unicom Inves tments, Inc.) (UII), a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon Corporation, entered into
transactions pursuant to which UII invested in coal-fired generating station leases (Headleases) with the Municipal Electric Authority
of Georgia (MEAG). The generating stations were leased back to MEAG as part of the transactions (Leases).
Pursuant to the applicable authoritative guidance, Exelon is required to review the estimated residual values of its direct financing
lease investments at least annually and record an impairment charge if the review indicates an other-than-temporary decline in the
fair value of the residual values below their carrying values. Exelon estimates the fair value of the residual values of its direct
financing lease investme nts based on the income approach, which uses a discounted cash flow analysis, taking into consideration
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) includi ng the expected revenues to be generated and costs to be incurred to operate the
plants over their remaini ng useful lives subsequent to the lease end dates. Significant assumptio ns used in estimating the fair value
include fundamental energy and capacity prices, fixed and variable costs, capital expenditure requirements, discount rates, tax rates
and the estimated remaining useful lives of the plants. The estimated fair values also reflect the cash
316
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
flows associated with the service contract option discussed above given that a market participan t would take into consideration all of
the terms and conditions contained in the lease agreements.
All the Headleases were  terminated by the second quarter of 2016, and no events occurred prior to the termination that required
Exelon to review the estimated residual values of the direct financing lease investments in 2016. On March 31, 2016, UII and MEAG
finalized an agreement to terminate the MEA G Headleases, the MEAG Leases, and other related agreements prior to their
expiration dates. As a result of the lease termination, UII received an early termination payment of $360 million  from MEAG and
wrote-of f the $356 million net investm ent in the MEAG Headleases and the Leases. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of $4
million  which is reflected in Operating and mainte nance expense in Exelon's Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income. See Note 14 — Income Taxes  for additional information.
8. Early Plant Retirements  (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation continuously evaluate factors that affect the current and expected economic value of Generation’ s plants,
including, but not limited  to: market power prices, results of capacity auctions, potential legislativ e and regulatory solutions to ensure
plants are fairly compen sated for the benefits they provide through their carbon-free emissions , reliability , or fuel security , and the
impact of potential rules from the EPA requiring reduction of carbon and other emissions and the efforts of states to implement those
final rules. The precise timing of an early retirement date for any plant, and the resulting financial statement impacts, may be affected
by many factors, includ ing the status of potential regulatory or legislative solutions, results of any transmission system reliability
study assessments, the nature of any co-owner requirements and stipulations, and NDT fund requirements for nuclear plants,
among other factors. However , the earliest retirement date for any plant would usually be the first year in which the unit does not
have capacity or other obligations, and where applicable, just prior to its next scheduled nuclear refueling outage.
Nuclear Generation
In 2015 and 2016, Generation identified the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear plants in Illinois, Ginna and Nine Mile Point nuclear
plants in New York and Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania as having the greatest risk of early retirement based on
economic valuation and other factors.
On June 2, 2016, Gener ation announced it would shutdown the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear plants on June 1, 2017 and June 1,
2018, respe ctively , given  a lack of progress on Illinois energy legislation and MISO market reforms, and capacity auctions results
that failed to cover cash operating costs and a risk-adjusted rate of return to shareholders.
On December 7, 2016,  Illinois FEJA  was signed into law by the Governor of Illinois and included a ZES that now provides
compensation to Clinton and Quad Cities for the carbon-free attributes of their production through 2027. With the passage of the
Illinois ZES in December 2016, Generation reversed its June 2016 decision to permanently cease generation operations at the
Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear generating plants. Clinton and Quad Cities are currently licensed  to operate through 2026 and 2032,
respectively . See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters  for additional information on the Illinois FEJA  and the ZES.
In New York, the Ginna and Nine Mile Point nuclear plants faced similar economic challenges and on August 1, 2016, the NYPSC
issued an order adopting the CES, which now provides payments to Ginna and Nine Mile Point, as well as FitzPatrick, for the
environmental attributes  of their production through 2029. Ginna and Nine Mile Point Unit 1 are currently licensed to operate through
2029, and Nine Mile Point Unit 2 through 2046. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters  for additional information on the New York CES.
Assuming the continued effectiveness of both the Illinois ZES and the New York CES, Generatio n and CENG, through its ownership
of Ginna and Nine Mile Point, no longer consider Clinton, Quad Cities, Ginna or Nine Mile Point to be at heightened risk for early
retirement. However , to the extent either the Illinois ZES or the New York CES programs do not operate as expected over their full
terms, each of these plants could again be at heightened risk for early retirement, which could have a material impact on Exelon’ s
and Generation’ s future financial statements.
In Pennsylvania, the TMI nuclear plant failed to clear in the May 2017 PJM capacity auction for the 2020-2021 planning year, the
third consec utive year that TMI failed to clear in the PJM base residual capacity auction and on May 30, 2017, based on these
capacity auction results, prolonged periods of low wholesale power prices, and the
317
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
absence of federal or state policies that place a value on nuclear energy for its ability to produce electricity without air pollution,
Exelon announced that Generation will permane ntly cease generation operations at TMI on or about September 30, 2019. TMI is
currently committed to operate through May 2019 and is licensed to operate through 2034. Generation has filed the required market
and regulatory notifications to shutdown the plant. PJM has subsequently notified Generation that it has not identified any reliability
issues and has approved the deactivation of TMI as proposed.
In 2010, Generation announced that Oyster Creek would retire by the end of 2019 as part of an agreement with the State of New
Jersey to avoid significant costs associated with the construction of cooling towers to meet the State's then new environmental
regulations. Since then, like other nuclear sites, Oyster Creek continued to face rising operating costs amid a historically low
wholesale power price environment. On February 2, 2018, Exelon announced that Generation will permanently cease generation
operations at the Oyster  Creek nuclear plant at the end of its current operating cycle and permanently ceased generation operations
in September 2018.
As a result of these early nuclear plant retiremen t decisions, Exelon and Generation recognized  one-time charges in Operating and
maintenance expense related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs and CWIP
impairments, among other items. In addition to these one-time charges, annual incremental non-cash charges to earnings stemming
from shortening the expe cted economic useful lives primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any ARC),
accelerated amortization  of nuclear fuel, and additional ARO accretion expense associated with the changes in decommissioning
timing and cost assumpt ions were also recorded. See Note 15 — Asset Retire ment Obligations  for additional informatio n on changes
to the nuclear decommissioning ARO balance. The total annual impact of these charges by year are summarized in the table below .
Income statement expense (pre-tax) 2018(a) 2017(b)  2016(c)
Depreciation and Amortization     
Accelerated depreciation(d)$ 539 $ 250  $ 712
Accelerated nuclear fuel amortization 57 12 60
Operating and Maintenance     
One-time charges(e,f)32 77 26
Change in ARO accretion, net of any contractual of fset(g)— — 2
Contractual of fset for ARC depreciation(g)— — (86)
Total $ 628 $ 339  $ 714
_________
(a)Reflects incremental accelerated depreciation for TMI and Oyster Creek. The Oyster Creek year-to-date amounts are from February 2, 2018
through September 17, 2018.
(b)Reflects incremental charges for TMI including incremental accelerated depreciation and amortization from May 30, 2017 through December 31,
2017.
(c)Reflects incremental charges for Clinton and Quad Cities including incremental accelerated depreciation and amortization from June 2, 2016
through December 6, 2016. In December 2016, as a result of reversing its retirement decision for Clinton and Quad Cities, Exelon and
Generation updated the expected economic useful life for both facilities, to 2027 for Clinton, commensurate with the end of the Illinois ZES, and
to 2032 for Quad Cities, the end of its current operating license. Depreciation was therefore adjusted beginning December 7, 2016, to reflect
these extended useful life estimates.
(d)Reflects incremental accelerated depreciation of plant assets, including any ARC.
(e)Primarily includes materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee related costs and CWIP impairments. Excludes the charge to
Operating and maintenance expense from the ARO remeasurement due to the announced sale of Oyster Creek. See Note 5 — Mergers,
Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
(f)In June 2016, as a result of the retirement decision for Clinton and Quad Cities, Exelon and Generation recognized one-time charges of $146
million. In December 2016, as a result of reversing its retirement decision for Clinton and Quad Cities, Exelon and Generation reversed
approximately $120 million of these one-time charges initially recorded in June 2016.
(g)For Quad Cities based on the regulatory agreement with the ICC, decommissioning-related activities are offset within Exelon's and Generation's
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The offset results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to
ComEd at Generation and an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at ComEd. Likewise, ComEd has recorded an equal noncurrent affiliate
receivable from Generation and corresponding regulatory liability.
318
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
In 2017, PSEG made public similar financial challenges facing its New Jersey nuclear plants, including Salem, of which Generation
owns a 42.59%  ownership interest. PSEG is the operator of Salem and also has the decision making authority to retire Salem.
On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislatio n that established a ZEC program, similar to that in Illinois and New York, that will
provide compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certain requirements, including that they
make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient  to cover their costs and risks. The
NJBPU must complete its processes for determ ining eligibility for, and participation in, the ZEC program by April 18, 2019. On
December 19, 2018, PSEG submitted its applic ation for Salem. Assuming the successful implementation of the New Jersey ZEC
program and the selection of Salem as one of the qualifying facilities, the New Jersey ZEC program has the potential to mitigate the
heightened risk of earlier retirement for Salem. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
The followin g table provides the balance shee t amounts as of December 31, 2018  for Generation’ s ownership share of the
significant assets and liabilities associated with Salem that would potentially be impacted by a decision to permanently cease
generation operations.
 December 31, 2018
Asset Balances
Materials and supplies inventory $ 45
Nuclear fuel inventory , net 118
Completed plant, net 538
Construction work in progress 44
Liability Balances
Asset retirement obligation (395)
 
NRC License Renewal Term 2036 (unit 1)
 2040 (unit 2)
Generation’ s Dresden, Byron, and Braidwood nuclear plants in Illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, which
could lead to an early retirement, in a market that does not currently compensate them for their unique contribution to grid resiliency
and their ability to produce large amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. The May 2018 PJM capacity auction for the
2021-2022 planning year resulted in the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in the auction, including all of Dresden,
and portions  of Byron and Braidwood. Exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state policy  solutions, while also advocating for
broader market reforms at the regional and federal level.
Other Generation
On March 29, 2018, Generation notified grid operator ISO-NE of its plans to early retire its Myst ic Generating Station assets absent
regulatory reforms on June 1, 2022, at the end of the current capacity commitment for Mystic Units 7 and 8. Mystic Unit 9 is currently
committed through May 2021.
The ISO-NE announced that it would take a three-step approach to fuel security .
•First, on May 1, 2018, ISO-NE made a filing with FERC requesting waiver of certain tariff provisions to allow it to retain
Mystic Units 8 and 9 for fuel security for the 2022 - 2024 capacity commitment periods. FERC denied the waiver request on
procedural grounds on July 2, 2018 and ordered  ISO-NE to (i) make a filing within 60 days providing for the filing of a short-
term cost-of -service agreement to address fuel security concerns and (ii) make a filing by July 1, 2019 proposing
permanent tarif f revisions that would improve its market design to better address regional fuel security concerns.
319
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
•Second, in accordance with FERC's July 2, 2018 order , on August 31, 2018, ISO-NE made a filing with FERC proposing
short-term tariff changes to permit it to retain a resource for fuel security reliability reasons, which FERC accepted on
December 3, 2018. 
•Third, ISO-N E stated its intention to work with stakeholders to develop long-term market rule changes to address system
resiliency considering significant reliability risks identified in ISO-NE’ s January 2018 fuel security report. Changes to market
rules are necessary because critical units to the region, such as Mystic Units 8 and 9, cannot recover future operating
costs, includ ing the cost of procuring fuel. In its July 2, 2018 order , FERC ordered ISO-NE to make a filing by July 1, 2019
proposing permanent tariff revisions that would improve its market design to better address regional fuel security concerns.
In January 2019, ISO-N E has indicated that it intends to seek an extension of the deadline for this filing to November 15,
2019.
On May 16, 2018, Generation made a filing with FERC to establish cost-of-service compensation and terms and conditions of
service for Mystic Units 8 and 9 for the period between June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2024. Among the costs included in the filing are costs
associated with the Everett Marine Terminal. On December 20, 2018, FERC issued an order accepting the cost of service
agreement reflecting a number of adjustments to the annual fixed revenue requirement and allowing for recovery of a substantial
portion of the costs associated with the Evere tt Marine Terminal. FERC also directed a paper hearing on ROE using a new
methodology . Initial and reply briefs on ROE will be due on April 18, 2019 and July 18, 2019. These will be reflected in a compliance
filing due February 18, 2019. On January 4, 2019, Generation notified ISO-NE that it will participate in the Forward Capacity Market
auction for the 2022 - 2023 capacity commitment period. In addition, on January 22, 2019, Exelon and several other parties filed
requests for rehearing of certain findings of the December 20, 2018 order . The request for rehearing does not alter Generation's
commitment to participate in the Forward Capacity Auction for the 2022-2023 capacity commitment period.
The following table provides the balance sheet amounts as of December 31, 2018  for Generat ion’s significant assets and liabilities
associated with the Mystic Units 8 and 9 and Everett Marine Terminal assets that would potentially be impacted by a decision to
permanently cease generation operations.
 December 31, 2018
Asset Balances
Materials and supplies inventory $ 30
Fuel inventory 20
Completed plant, net 901
Construction work in progress 9
Liability Balances
Asset retirement obligation (1)
To ensure the continued reliable supply of fuel to Mystic Units 8 and 9 while they remain operati ng, on October 1, 2018, Generation
acquired the Everett Marine Terminal in Massachusetts for a purchase price of $81 million, with the majority of the fair value
allocated to Property , plant and equipment and no goodwill recorded.  Generation also settle d its existing long-term gas supply
agreement, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $75 million, which  is included within Purchased power and fuel expense in Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
320
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
9. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant  (Exelon, Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE)
Exelon's, Generation's, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and
transmission facilities at December 31, 2018  and 2017  were as follows:
 Nuclear Generation  Fossil-Fuel
Generation Transmission  Other
 Quad Cities Peach
Bottom Salem(a)Nine Mile Point
Unit 2  Wyman  PA(b) NJ/ DE(c) Other(d)
Operator Generation GenerationPSEG
Nuclear Generation FP&L  First
Energy PSEG/ DPL various
Ownership interest 75.00% 50.00% 42.59% 82.00% 5.89% various various various
Exelon’s share at
December 31, 2018:          
Plant(e) $ 1,131 $ 1,451 $ 648 $ 910 $ 4 $ 28 $ 103 $ 15
Accumulated depreciation(e) 587 523 227 126 3 16 53 13
Construction work in progress 13 15 44 56 — 1 — —
Exelon’s share at
December 31, 2017:          
Plant(e) $ 1,074 $ 1,417 $ 631 $ 839 $ 3 $ 27 $ 102 $ 15
Accumulated depreciation(e) 550 461 205 97 3 15 52 13
Construction work in progress 35 18 33 55 — — — —
__________
(a)Generation also owns a proportionate share in the fossil-fuel combustion turbine at Salem, which is fully depreciated. The gross book value was
$3 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017.
(b)PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE own a 22%, 7%, 27%, 9% and 8% share, respectively, in 127 miles of 500kV lines located in Pennsylvania
as well as a 20.72%, 10.56%, 9.72%, 3.72% and 3.83% share, respectively, of a 500kV substation immediately outside of the Conemaugh
fossil-generating station which supplies power to the 500kV lines including, but not limited to, the lines noted above.
(c)PECO, DPL and ACE own a 42.55%, 1% and 13.9% share, respectively in 151.3 miles of 500kV lines located in New Jersey and of the Salem
generating plant substation. PECO, DPL and ACE also own a 42.55%, 7.45% and 7.45% share, respectively, in 2.5 miles of 500kV line located
over the Delaware River. ACE also has a 21.78% share in a 500kV New Freedom Switching substation.
(d)Generation, DPL and ACE own a 44.24%, 11.91% and 4.83% share, respectively in assets located at Merrill Creek Reservoir located in New
Jersey. Pepco, DPL and ACE own a 11.9%, 7.4% and 6.6% share, respectively, in Valley Forge Corporate Center.
(e)Excludes asset retirement costs and general plant.
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's undivided ownership interests are financed with their funds and
all operations are accounted for as if such participating interests were wholly owned facilities. Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO's,
BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's share of direct expenses of the jointly owned plants are include d in Purchased power and fuel and
Operating and maintenance expenses in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income and in Operating and maintenance expenses in PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
321
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
10. Intangible Assets  (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE)
Goodwill
Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s and PHI's gross amount of goodwill, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount of goodwill for the
years ended December 31, 2018  and 2017  were as follows:
 Balance at
January 1,
2017Impairment
losses  Balance at
December 31, 2017 Impairment
lossesBalance at
December 31, 2018
Exelon      
Gross amount $ 8,660 $ — $ 8,660  $ — $ 8,660
Accumulated impairment loss 1,983 — 1,983  — 1,983
Carrying amount 6,677 — 6,677  — 6,677
ComEd(a)     
Gross amount 4,608 — 4,608  — 4,608
Accumulated impairment loss 1,983 — 1,983  — 1,983
Carrying amount 2,625 — 2,625  — 2,625
PHI(b)      
Gross amount 4,005 — 4,005  — 4,005
Carrying amount 4,005 — 4,005  — 4,005
__________
(a)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2000 from the PECO/Unicom merger (predecessor parent company of ComEd).
(b)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2016 from the PHI merger.
Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an assessment for impairment at least annually , or more frequently if events occur or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of ComEd's and PHI's reporting units below their carrying
amounts. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level
at which goodwill is tested for impairment. A component of an operating segment is a reporting  unit if the component constitutes a
business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment
management. ComEd has a single operating segment. PHI's operating segments are Pepco , DPL and ACE. See Note 24 —
Segment Information  for additional information. There is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are
regularly reviewed by segment management. Therefore, the ComEd, Pepco, DPL and ACE operating segments are also considered
reporting units for goodw ill impairment testing purposes. Exelon's and ComEd's $2.6 billion  of goodwill has been assigned entirely to
the ComEd reporting unit. PHI identified an error related to the allocation of goodwill to its reporting units in 2016 while performing
the 2018 annual impairm ent assessment. As revised in 2018, Exelon's and PHI's $4 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the
Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting units in the amounts of $2.1 billion, $1.4 billion and $0.5 billion, respe ctively , an increas e (decrease)
of $0.4 billion, $0.3 billion, and $(0.7) billion  for Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively , from the originally reported amounts. This error
did not result in a chan ge to the total amount of goodwill recorded at PHI nor would it have resulted in an impairment of PHI's
goodwill in 2016 or 2017. Therefore, management has concluded that the error is not materia l to the previously issued financial
statements.
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . In performing a qualitative assessment, entities should assess, among other things,
macroeconomic conditio ns, industry and mark et considerations, overall financial performance, cost factors and entity-specific
events. If an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not
greater than the carrying amount, no further testing is required.
If an entity bypasses the qualitative assessment or performs the qualitative assessment but determines that it is more likely than not
that its fair value is less than its carrying amount , a quantitative two-step, fair value-based test is performed. Exelon's, ComEd's and
PHI's accounting policy is to perform a quantitat ive test of goodwill at least once every three years. The first step in the quantitative
test compare s the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed. The second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and
liabilities using purchase price allocation authoritative guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. If the implied
322
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill and a charge to
operating expense.
Application of the good will impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's
and ACE's businesses and the fair value of debt. In applying the second step (if needed), management must estimate the fair value
of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
2018  and 2017  Goodwill Impairment Assessment. ComEd and PHI qualita tively determined that it was more likely than not that
the fair values of their reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, did not perform quantitative assessments as of
November 1, 2018 and 2017 for ComEd and as of November 1, 2017 for PHI. As part of their qualitative assessments, ComEd and
PHI evaluate d, among other things, management’ s best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses,
outcomes of recent regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility
peer company EBITDA  multiples, while also considering, the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments as of
November 1, 2016.
As a result of the reallocation of goodwill to PHI’s reporting units as discussed above, as of November 1, 2018, PHI performed a
quantitative test for its 2018 annual goodwill impairment assessment. The first step of the test comparing the estimated fair values of
the Pepco, DPL and ACE reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill, indicated no impairments of goodwill; therefore,
no second step was required.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly
sensitive to changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions  could potentially result in future impairments
of Exelon's, ComEd's and PHI’s goodwill, which could be material. Based on the results of the annual goodwill test performed as of
November 1, 2016 and November 1, 2018 for ComEd and PHI, respectively , the estimated fair values of the ComEd, Pepco, DPL
and ACE reporting units  would have needed to decrease by more than 30%, 30%, 20% and 30%, respectivel y, for ComEd and PHI
to fail the first step of their respective impairment tests.
323
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Other Intangible Assets and Liabilities
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, ComEd’ s and PHI's other intangible assets and liabilities, included in Unamortized energy contract assets
and liabilitie s and Other deferred debits and other assets in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, consisted of the following as of
December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
  December 31, 2018  December 31, 2017
  GrossAccumulated
Amortization  Net  GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net
Generation        
Unamortized Energy Contracts(b)  1,957 (1,588 ) 369  1,938 (1,574 ) 364
Customer Relationships  325 (162) 163  305 (133) 172
Trade Name  243 (171) 72 243 (148) 95
ComEd        
Chicago Settlement Agreements(c)  162 (148) 14 162 (141) 21
PHI        
Unamortized Energy Contracts(b)  (1,515 ) 954  (561) (1,515 ) 766 (749)
Exelon Corporate          
Software License(a)  95 (34) 61 95 (25) 70
Exelon  $1,267 $ (1,149 ) $ 118  $1,228 $ (1,255 )$ (27)
__________
(a)On May 31, 2015, Exelon entered into a long-term software license agreement.  Exelon is required to make payments starting August 2015
through May 2024. The intangible asset recognized as a result of these payments is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the contract
term.
(b)Includes unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities in Exelon's, Generations and PHI's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(c)In March 1999 and February 2003, ComEd entered into separate agreements with the City of Chicago and Midwest Generation, LLC. Under the
terms of the settlement, ComEd agreed to make payments to the City of Chicago. The intangible asset recognized as a result of the settlement
agreement is being amortized ratably over the remaining term of the City of Chicago franchise agreement.
The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2018 :
For the Years Ending December 31, Exelon  Generation ComEd PHI
2019 $ (32) $ 70 $ 7$ (119)
2020 (20) 78 7 (115)
2021 (4) 78 — (92)
2022 (23) 56 — (89)
2023 (21) 50 — (81)
The following table summarizes the amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities for each of the years ended
December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 :
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon (a)(b) Generation (a) ComEd PHI(b)
2018 $ (109) $ 63 $ 7$ (188)
2017 (237) 83 7 (336)
2016 (336) 79 7 (430)
__________
(a)At Exelon and Generation, amortization of unamortized energy contracts totaling $14 million, $35 million and $35 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, was recorded in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense in their
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
324
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(b)At Exelon and PHI, amortization of the unamortized energy contract fair value adjustment amounts and the corresponding offsetting regulatory
asset and liability amounts are amortized through Purchased power and fuel expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
Acquired Intangible Assets and Liabilities
Business combinations require the acquirer to separately recognize identifiable intangible assets in the application of purchase
accounting.
Unamortized Energy Contracts. Unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized fair value
of non-derivative energy contracts that Exelon and Generation have acquired. The valuation of unamortized energy contracts was
estimated by applying either the market approac h or the income approach depending on the nature of the underlying contract. The
market approach was utilized when prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving comparable
transactions were available. Otherwise, the income approach, which is based upon discounted projected future cash flows
associated with the underlying contracts, was utilized. The fair value is based upon certain unobservable inputs, which are
considered Level 3 inputs, pursuant to applicable authoritative guidance. Key estimates and inputs include forecasted power and
fuel prices and the discount rate. The Exelon Wind unamortized energy contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
period in which the associated contract revenues are recognized as a decrease in Operating revenues within Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidat ed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. In the case of Antelope Valley, Constellation,
CENG, Integ rys and ConEdison, the fair value amounts are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the present value of
the underlying cash flows as of the acquisition dates through either Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense within
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statem ents of Operations and Comprehensive Income. At PHI, offsetting regulatory assets
or liabilities were also recorded. The unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or
liabilities, respectively , are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows.
Customer Relationships. The customer relationship intangibles were determined based on a “multi-period excess method ” of the
income approach. Under this method, the intangible asset’ s fair value is determined to be the estimated future cash flows that will be
earned on the current customer base, taking into account expected contract renewals based on customer attrition rates and costs to
retain those customers. The fair value is based upon certain unobservable inputs, which are considered Level 3 inputs, pursuant to
applicable authoritative guidance.  Key assumptions include the customer attrition rate and the discount rate. The authoritative
guidance requires that customer-based intangibles be amortized over the period expected to be benefited using the pattern of
economic benefit.  The amortization of the customer relationships recorded in Depreciation and amortization expense within Exelon's
and Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Trade Name . The Constellation trade name intangible was determined based on the relief from royalty method  of income approach
whereby fair value is determined to be the present value of the license fees avoided by owning the assets. The fair value is based
upon certain  unobserva ble inputs, which are considered Level 3 inputs, pursuant to applicable authoritative guidance. Key
assumptions include the hypothetical royalty rate and the discount rate. The Constellation trade name intangible is amortized on a
straight-line basis over a period of 10 years . The amortization of the trade name is recorded in Depreciation and amortization
expense within Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Renewable Energy Credits and Alternative Energy Credits (Exelon, Generation, PECO, PHI, DPL  and ACE)
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO's, PHI's, DPL's and ACE's other intangible assets, included in Other current assets and Other
deferred debits and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, include RECs (Exelon, Generation, PHI, DPL and ACE) and
AECs (Exelon and PECO). Purchased RECs are recorded at cost on the date they are purchased. The cost of RECs purchased on
a stand-alone basis is based on the transaction price, while the cost of RECs acquired throu gh PPAs represents the difference
between the total contract price and the market price of energy at contract inception. Generally , revenue for RECs that are sold to a
counterparty under a contract that specifically identifies a power plant is recognized at a point in time when the power is produced.
This includes both bund led and unbundled REC  sales. Otherwise, the revenue is recognized upon physical transfer of the REC to
the customer .
325
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table summ arizes the current and noncurrent Renewable and Alternative Energy Credits as of December 31, 2018  and
2017 :
 As of December 31, 2018
 Exelon Generation PECO  PHI  DPL  ACE
Current AEC's $ 2$ — $ 2 $ — $ — $ —
Current REC's 279 270 — 9 8 1
Noncurrent REC's 52 52 — — — —
 As of December 31, 2017
 Exelon Generation PECO  PHI  DPL  ACE
Current AEC's $ 1$ — $ 1 $ — $ — $ —
Current REC's 321 312 — 9 8 1
Noncurrent REC's 27 27 — — — —
11. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities  (All Registrants)
Fair V alue of Financial Liabilities Recorded at the Carrying Amount
The following tables present the carrying amounts and fair values of the Registrants’  short-te rm liabilities, long-term debt, SNF
obligation, and trust preferred securities (long-te rm debt to financing trusts or junior subordinate d debentures) as of December 31,
2018  and 2017 :
Exelon
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Short-term liabilities $ 714 $ — $ 714 $ — $ 714
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)35,424 — 33,711 2,158 35,869
Long-term debt to financing trusts(b)390 — — 400 400
SNF obligation 1,171 — 949 — 949
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Short-term liabilities $ 929 $ — $ 929 $ — $ 929
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)34,264 — 34,735 1,970 36,705
Long-term debt to financing trusts(b)389 — — 431 431
SNF obligation 1,147 — 936 — 936
326
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Total
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)$ 8,793 $ — $ 7,467 $ 1,443  $ 8,910
SNF obligation 1,171 — 949 — 949
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Total
Short-term liabilities $ 2$ — $ 2 $ — $ 2
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)8,990 — 7,839  1,673  9,512
SNF obligation 1,147 — 936  — 936
ComEd  
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)$ 8,101 $ — $ 8,390 $ — $ 8,390
Long-term debt to financing trusts(b)205 — — 209 209
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)$ 7,601 $ — $ 8,418 $ — $ 8,418
Long-term debt to financing trusts(b)205 — — 227 227
PECO
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)$ 3,084 $ — $ 3,157 $ 50 $ 3,207
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 — — 191 191
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
AmountFair Value
 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)$ 2,903 $ — $ 3,194 $ — $ 3,194
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 — — 204 204
327
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
BGE
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Short-term liabilities $ 35 $ — $ 35 $ — $ 35
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)2,876  — 2,950 — 2,950
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Short-term liabilities $ 77 $ — $ 77 $ — $ 77
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)2,577  — 2,825 — 2,825
PHI
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Total
Short-term liabilities $ 179  $ — $ 179  $ — $ 179
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)6,259  — 5,436  665  6,101
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Total
Short-term liabilities $ 350  $ — $ 350  $ — $ 350
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)5,874  — 5,722  297  6,019
Pepco
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3 Total
Short-term liabilities $ 40 $ — $ 40 $ — $ 40
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)2,719  — 2,901  196 3,097
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3 Total
Short-term liabilities $ 26 $ — $ 26 $ — $ 26
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)2,540  — 3,114  9 3,123
328
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
DPL
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Total
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)$ 1,494  $ — $ 1,303 $ 193  $ 1,496
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Total
Short-term liabilities $ 216  $ — $ 216  $ — $ 216
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)1,300  — 1,393  — 1,393
ACE
 December 31, 2018
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total
Short-term liabilities $ 139  $ — $ 139  $ — $ 139
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)1,188  — 987  275  1,262
 December 31, 2017
 
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total
Short-term liabilities $ 108  $ — $ 108  $ — $ 108
Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year)(a)1,121  — 949  288  1,237
__________
(a) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs which are not fair valued of $216 million, $51 million, $63 million, $23 million, $18 million, $14 million,
$34 million, $12 million and $7 million for Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE respectively, as of December 31,
2018. Includes unamortized debt issuance costs which are not fair valued of $201 million, $60 million, $52 million, $17 million, $17 million, $6 million,
$32 million, $11 million and $5 million for Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE respectively, as of December 31,
2017.
(b) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs which are not fair valued of $0 million and $1 million for Exelon and ComEd, respectively, as of
December 31, 2018. Includes unamortized debt issuance costs which are not fair valued of $1 million and $1 million for Exelon and ComEd,
respectively, as of December 31, 2017.
Short-T erm Liabilities.   The short-t erm liabilities included in the tables above are comprised of dividends payable (included in Other
current liabilities) (Level 1) and short-term borrowings (Level 2). The Registrants’  carrying amounts of the short-term liabilities are
representative of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments.
Long-T erm Debt.   The fair value amounts  of Exelon’ s taxable debt securities (Level 2) and private placement taxable debt securities
(Level 3) are determined by a valuation mode l that is based on a conventional discounted cash flow methodology and utilizes
assumptions of current market pricing curves. In order to incorporate the credit risk of the Registrants into the discount rates, Exelon
obtains pricing (i.e., U.S. Treasury rate plus credit spread) based on trades of existing Exelon debt securities as well as debt
securities of other issue rs in the utility sector with similar credit ratings in both the primary and secondary market, across the
Registrants’  debt maturity spectrum. The credit spreads of various tenors obtained from this information are added to the appropriate
benchmark U.S. Treasury rates in order to deter mine the current market yields for the various tenors. The yields are then converted
into discount rates of various tenors that are used for discounting the respective cash flows of the same tenor for each
329
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
bond or note. Due to low trading volume of private placement debt, qualitative factors such as market conditions, low volume of
investors and investor demand, this debt is classified as Level 3.
The fair value of Generation’ s and Pepco's non-government-backed fixed rate nonrecourse debt (Level 3) is based on market and
quoted price s for its own and other nonrecourse debt with similar risk profiles. Given the low trading volume in the nonrecourse debt
market, the price quotes used to determine fair value will reflect certain qualitative factors, such as market conditions, investor
demand, new developme nts that might significantly impact the project cash flows or off-taker credit, and other circumstances related
to the project (e.g., political and regulatory environment). The fair value of Generation’ s government-backed fixed rate project
financing debt (Level 3) is largely based on a discounted cash flow methodology that is similar to the taxable debt securities
methodology described above. Due to the lack of market trading data on similar debt, the disco unt rates are derived based on the
original loan interest rate spread to the applicable Treasury rate as well as a current market curve derived from government-backed
securities. Variable rate financing debt resets on a monthly or quarterly basis and the carrying value approximates fair value (Level
2). When trading data is available on variable rate financing debt, the fair value is based on market and quoted prices for its own and
other nonrecourse debt with similar risk profiles (Level 2).  Generation, Pepco, DPL and ACE also have tax-exempt debt (Level 2).
Due to low trading volum e in this market, qualitative factors, such as market conditions, investor demand, and circumstances related
to the issuer (e.g., conduit issuer political and regulatory environment), may be incorporated into the credit spreads that are used to
obtain the fair value as described above. Variab le rate tax-exempt debt (Level 2) resets on a regular basis and the carrying value
approximates fair value.
SNF Obligation . The carryin g amount of Generation’ s SNF obligation (Level 2) is derived from a contract with the DOE to provide
for disposal of SNF from Generation’ s nuclear generating stations. When determining the fair value of the obligation, the future
carrying amount of the SNF obligation is calculated by compounding the current book value of the SNF obligation at the 13-week
Treasury rate. The compounded obligation amount is discounted back to present value using Generation’ s discount rate, which is
calculated using the same methodology as described above for the taxable debt securities, and an estimated maturity date of 2030.
The carrying amount also includes $119 million  and $114 million  as of December 31, 2018  and 2017  for the one-time fee obligation
associated with closing of the FitzPatrick acquisition on March 31, 2017. The fair value was determined using a similar methodology ,
however the New York Power Authority's (NYP A) discount rate is used in place of Generation's given the contractual right to
reimbursement from NYPA for the obligation; see Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for addition al information on
Generation's acquisition of FitzPatrick.
Long-T erm Debt to Financing Trusts . Exelon’ s long-term debt to financing trusts is valued based on publicly traded securities
issued by the financing trusts. Due to low trading volume of these securities, qualitative factors, such as market conditions, investor
demand, and circumstances related to each issue, this debt is classified as Level 3.
Recurring Fair V alue Measurements
Exelon records the fair value of assets and liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy establish ed by the authoritative guidance for
fair value measurements. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels as
follows:
•Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Registrants have the
ability to liquidate as of the reporting date.
•Level 2 — inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the asset or liability or
indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.
•Level 3 — unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models or third-party valuations for the asset or
liability due to little or no market activity for the asset or liability .
330
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation and Exelon
In accordanc e with the applicable guidance on fair value measurement, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the
NAV per share as a practical expedient are no longer classified within the fair value hierarchy and are included under "Not subject to
leveling" in the table below .
The following tables present assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value in Exelon's and Generation’ s Consolidated
Balance Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Generation Exelon
As of December 31,
2018 Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling Total
Assets       
Cash equivalents(a) $ 581 $ — $ — $ — $ 581 $1,243 $ — $ — $ — $ 1,243
NDT fund investments      
Cash equivalents(b) 252 86 — — 338 252 86 — — 338
Equities 2,918 1,591 — 1,381 5,890 2,918 1,591 — 1,381 5,890
Fixed income    
Corporate debt — 1,593 230 — 1,823 — 1,593 230 — 1,823
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 2,081 99 — — 2,180 2,081 99 — — 2,180
Foreign
governments — 50 — — 50 — 50 — — 50
State and
municipal debt — 149 — — 149 — 149 — — 149
Other(c) — 30 — 846 876 — 30 — 846 876
Fixed income
subtotal 2,081 1,921 230 846 5,078 2,081 1,921 230 846 5,078
Middle market
lending — — 313 367 680 — — 313 367 680
Private equity — — — 329 329 — — — 329 329
Real estate — — — 510 510 — — — 510 510
NDT fund investments
subtotal(d) 5,251 3,598 543 3,433 12,825 5,251 3,598 543 3,433 12,825
331
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Generation Exelon
As of December 31,
2018 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling  Total Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling  Total
Pledged assets for Zion
Station decommissioning         
Cash equivalents 9 — — — 9 9 — — — 9
Equities — — — — — — — — — —
Middle market
lending — — — — — — — — — —
Pledged assets for Zion
Station decommissioning
subtotal 9 — — — 9 9 — — — 9
Rabbi trust investments         
Cash equivalents 5 — — — 5 48 — — — 48
Mutual funds 24 — — — 24 72 — — — 72
Fixed income — — — — — — 15 — — 15
Life insurance
contracts — 22 — — 22 — 70 38 — 108
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal(f) 29 22 — — 51 120 85 38 — 243
Commodity derivative
assets         
Economic hedges 541 2,760 1,470 — 4,771 541 2,760 1,470 — 4,771
Proprietary trading — 69 77 — 146 — 69 77 — 146
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e) (582) (2,357) (732) — (3,671) (582) (2,357) (732) — (3,671)
Commodity derivative
assets subtotal (41) 472 815 — 1,246 (41) 472 815 — 1,246
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative assets          
Derivatives
designated as
hedging instruments — — — — — — — — — —
Economic hedges — 13 — — 13 — 13 — — 13
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral — (3) — — (3) — (3) — — (3)
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative assets
subtotal — 10 — — 10 — 10 — — 10
Other investments — — 42 — 42 — — 42 — 42
Total assets 5,829 4,102 1,400 3,433 14,764 6,582 4,165 1,438 3,433 15,618
332
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Generation  Exelon
As of December 31,
2018 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling  Total  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3Not
subject to
leveling Total
Liabilities       
Commodity derivative
liabilities       
Economic hedges (642) (2,963) (1,027) — (4,632) (642) (2,963) (1,276) — (4,881)
Proprietary trading — (73) (21) — (94) — (73) (21) — (94)
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e) 639 2,581 808 — 4,028 639 2,581 808 — 4,028
Commodity derivative
liabilities subtotal (3) (455) (240) — (698) (3) (455) (489) — (947)
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative
liabilities           
Derivatives
designated as
hedging instruments — — — — — — (4) — — (4)
Economic hedges — (6) — — (6) — (6) — — (6)
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral — 3 — — 3 — 3 — — 3
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative
liabilities subtotal — (3) — — (3) — (7) — — (7)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (35) — — (35) — (137) — — (137)
Total liabilities (3) (493) (240) — (736) (3) (599) (489) — (1,091)
Total net assets $5,826 $3,609 $1,160 $ 3,433 $14,028 $6,579 $3,566 $ 949 $ 3,433 $14,527
 Generation Exelon
As of December 31,
2017 Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling Total
Assets       
Cash equivalents(a) $ 168 $ — $ — $ — $ 168 $ 656 $ — $ — $ — $ 656
NDT fund investments      
Cash equivalents(b) 135 85 — — 220 135 85 — — 220
Equities 4,163 915 — 2,176 7,254 4,163 915 — 2,176 7,254
Fixed income   
Corporate debt — 1,614 251 — 1,865 — 1,614 251 — 1,865
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 1,917 52 — — 1,969 1,917 52 — — 1,969
Foreign
governments — 82 — — 82 — 82 — — 82
State and
municipal debt — 263 — — 263 — 263 — — 263
Other(c) — 47 — 510 557 — 47 — 510 557
Fixed income
subtotal 1,917 2,058 251 510 4,736 1,917 2,058 251 510 4,736
333
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Generation Exelon
As of December 31,
2017 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling  Total Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Not
subject to
leveling  Total
Middle market
lending — — 397 131 528 — — 397 131 528
Private equity — — — 222 222 — — — 222 222
Real estate — — — 471 471 — — — 471 471
NDT fund investments
subtotal(d) 6,215 3,058 648 3,510 13,431 6,215 3,058 648 3,510 13,431
Pledged assets for Zion
Station decommissioning       
Cash equivalents 2 — — — 2 2 — — — 2
Equities — 1 — — 1 — 1 — — 1
Middle market
lending — — 12 24 36 — — 12 24 36
Pledged assets for Zion
Station decommissioning
subtotal 2 1 12 24 39 2 1 12 24 39
Rabbi trust investments       
Cash equivalents 5 — — — 5 77 — — — 77
Mutual funds 23 — — — 23 58 — — — 58
Fixed income — — — — — — 12 — — 12
Life insurance
contracts — 22 — — 22 — 71 22 — 93
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal(f) 28 22 — — 50 135 83 22 — 240
Commodity derivative
assets           
Economic hedges 557 2,378 1,290 — 4,225 557 2,378 1,290 — 4,225
Proprietary trading 2 31 35 — 68 2 31 35 — 68
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e) (585) (1,769) (635) — (2,989) (585) (1,769) (635) — (2,989)
Commodity derivative
assets subtotal (26) 640 690 — 1,304 (26) 640 690 — 1,304
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative assets          
Derivatives
designated as
hedging instruments — 3 — — 3 — 6 — — 6
Economic hedges — 10 — — 10 — 10 — — 10
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral (2) (5) — — (7) (2) (5) — — (7)
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative assets
subtotal (2) 8 — — 6 (2) 11 — — 9
Other investments — — 37 — 37 — — 37 — 37
Total assets 6,385 3,729 1,387 3,534 15,035 6,980 3,793 1,409 3,534 15,716
334
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Generation  Exelon
As of December 31,
2017 Level 1 Level 2  Level 3Not
subject to
leveling  Total  Level 1 Level 2  Level 3Not
subject to
leveling Total
Liabilities    
Commodity derivative
liabilities    
Economic hedges (712) (2,226) (845) — (3,783) (713) (2,226) (1,101) — (4,040)
Proprietary trading (2) (42) (9) — (53) (2) (42) (9) — (53)
Effect of netting and
allocation of
collateral(e) 650 2,089 716 — 3,455 651 2,089 716 — 3,456
Commodity derivative
liabilities subtotal (64) (179) (138) — (381) (64) (179) (394) — (637)
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative
liabilities           
Derivatives
designated as
hedging instruments — (2) — — (2) — (2) — — (2)
Economic hedges (1) (8) — — (9) (1) (8) — — (9)
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral 2 5 — — 7 2 5 — — 7
Interest rate and foreign
currency derivative
liabilities subtotal 1 (5) — — (4) 1 (5) — — (4)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (38) — — (38) — (145) — — (145)
Total liabilities (63) (222) (138) — (423) (63) (329) (394) — (786)
Total net assets $6,322 $3,507 $1,249 $ 3,534 $14,612 $6,917 $3,464 $1,015 $ 3,534 $14,930
__________
(a)Generation excludes cash of $283 million and $259 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and restricted cash of $39 million and $127 million
at December 31, 2018 and 2017.  Exelon excludes cash of $458 million and $389 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and restricted cash of
$80 million and $145 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and includes long-term restricted cash of $185 million and $85 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(b)Includes $50 million and $77 million of cash received from outstanding repurchase agreements at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively,
and is offset by an obligation to repay upon settlement of the agreement as discussed in (d) below.
(c)Includes derivative instruments of $44 million and less than $1 million, which have a total notional amount of $1,432 million and $811 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction
volume outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the amount of the company's exposure to credit or market loss.
(d)Excludes net liabilities of $130 million and $82 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These items consist of receivables related
to pending securities sales, interest and dividend receivables, repurchase agreement obligations, and payables related to pending securities
purchases. The repurchase agreements are generally short-term in nature with durations generally of 30 days or less.
(e)Excludes net assets of less than $1 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017. These items consist of receivables related to pending securities
sales, interest and dividend receivables, and payables related to pending securities purchases.
(f)The amount of unrealized gains/(losses) at Generation totaled less than $1 million and $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2017, respectively. The amount of unrealized gains/(losses) at Exelon totaled $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively.
(g)Collateral posted/(received) from counterparties totaled $57 million, $224 million and $76 million allocated to Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 mark-
to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2018. Collateral posted/(received) from counterparties totaled $65 million, $320 million
and $81 million allocated to Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 mark-to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2017.
(h)Of the collateral posted/(received), $(94) million and $(117) million represents variation margin on the exchanges as of December 31, 2018 and
2017, respectively.
335
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Exelon and Generation  hold investments without readily determinable fair values with carrying amounts of $72 million  as of
December 31, 2018 . Changes were immaterial in fair value, cumulative adjustments and impairments for the year ended
December 31, 2018 .
ComEd, PECO and BGE
The following tables present assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value in ComEd 's, PECO's and BGE's Consolidated
Balance Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 ComEd PECO  BGE
As of December 31,
2018 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total
Assets              
Cash equivalents (a) $209$ — $ — $209$111$ — $ — $111 $ 4$ — $ — $ 4
Rabbi trust investments              
Mutual funds — — — — 7 — — 7 6 — — 6
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 10 — 10 — — — —
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal (b) — — — — 7 10 — 17 6 — — 6
Total assets 209 — — 209 118 10 — 128 10 — — 10
Liabilities    
Deferred compensation
obligation — (6) — (6) — (10) — (10) — (5) — (5)
Mark-to-market
derivative liabilities (c) — — (249) (249) — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (6) (249) (255) — (10) — (10) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $209$ (6)$(249)$(46)$118$ — $ — $118$ 10$ (5)$ — $ 5
336
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 ComEd  PECO BGE
As of December 31,
2017 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Total
Assets              
Cash equivalents (a) $ 98$ — $ — $98 $228$ — $ — $228$ — $ — $ — $—
Rabbi trust investments              
Mutual funds — — — — 7 — — 7 6 — — 6
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 10 — 10 — — — —
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal (b) — — — — 7 10 — 17 6 — — 6
Total assets 98 — — 98 235 10 — 245 6 — — 6
Liabilities   
Deferred compensation
obligation — (8) — (8) — (11) — (11) — (5) — (5)
Mark-to-market
derivative liabilities (c) — — (256) (256) — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (8) (256) (264) — (11) — (11) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $ 98$ (8)$(256)$(166)$235$ (1)$ — $234$ 6$ (5)$ — $ 1
__________
(a)ComEd excludes cash of $93 million and $45 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and restricted cash of $28 million at December 31, 2018
and includes long-term restricted cash of $166 million and $62 million at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, which is reported in Other
deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  PECO excludes cash of $24 million and $47 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017. 
BGE excludes cash of $7 million and $17 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and restricted cash of $2 million and $1 million at
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.
(b)The amount of unrealized gains/(losses) at ComEd, PECO and BGE totaled less than $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
December 31, 2017.
(c)The Level 3 balance consists of the current and noncurrent liability of $26 million and $223 million, respectively, at December 31, 2018, and $21
million and $235 million, respectively, at December 31, 2017, related to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
337
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE
The followin g tables present assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value in PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's
Consolidated Balance Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
  
 As of December 31, 2018  As of December 31, 2017
PHI Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets          
Cash equivalents(a)$ 147$ — $ — $ 147 $ 83 $ — $ — $ 83
Rabbi trust investments         
Cash equivalents 42 — — 42 72 — — 72
Mutual Funds 13 — — 13 — — — —
Fixed income — 15 — 15 — 12 — 12
Life insurance contracts — 22 38 60 — 23 22 45
Rabbi trust investments subtotal(b)55 37 38 130 72 35 22 129
Total assets 202 37 38 277 155 35 22 212
Liabilities          
Deferred compensation obligation — (21) — (21) — (25) — (25)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities — — — — (1) — — (1)
Effect of netting and allocation of
collateral — — — — 1 — — 1
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
subtotal — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (21) — (21) — (25) — (25)
Total net assets $ 202$ 16 $ 38$ 256 $ 155$ 10 $ 22$ 187
 Pepco  DPL ACE
As of December 31,
2018 Level 1  Level 2 Level 3 Total  Level 1  Level 2 Level 3  Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3  Total
Assets           
Cash equivalents(a)$ 38 $ — $ — $38 $ 16 $ — $ — $16$ 23$ — $ — $23
Rabbi trust
investments          
Cash equivalents 41 — — 41 — — — — — — — —
Fixed income — 5 — 5 — — — — — — — —
Life insurance
contracts — 22 37 59 — — — — — — — —
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal(b) 41 27 37 105 — — — — — — — —
Total assets 79 27 37 143 16 — — 16 23 — — 23
Liabilities           
Deferred
compensation
obligation — (3) — (3) — (1) — (1) — — — —
Total liabilities — (3) — (3) — (1) — (1) — — — —
Total net assets
(liabilities) $ 79$24$ 37$140$ 16$ (1)$ — $15$ 23$ — $ — $23
338
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Pepco  DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2017Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Total Level 1 Level 2  Level 3  Total
Assets           
Cash equivalents(a)$ 36$ — $ — $36 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 29$ — $ — $29
Rabbi trust investments          
Cash equivalents 44 — — 44 — — — — — — — —
Fixed income — 12 — 12 — — — — — — — —
Life insurance
contracts — 23 22 45 — — — — — — — —
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal(b) 44 35 22 101 — — — — — — — —
Total assets 80 35 22 137 — — — — 29 — — 29
Liabilities           
Deferred compensation
obligation — (4) — (4) — (1) — (1) — — — —
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — — — (1) — — (1) — — — —
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral — — — — 1 — — 1 — — — —
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities subtotal — — — — — — — — — — — —
Total liabilities — (4) — (4) — (1) — (1) — — — —
Total net assets
(liabilities) $ 80$31$ 22$133$ — $ (1)$ — $(1)$ 29$ — $ — $29
__________
(a)PHI excludes cash of $39 million and $12 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and includes long term restricted cash of $19 million and $23
million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Pepco excludes cash of
$15 million and $4 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017. DPL excludes cash of $8 million and $2 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017.
ACE excludes cash of $7 million and $2 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and includes long-term restricted cash of $19 million and $23
million at December 31, 2018 and 2017 at December 31, 2018 and 2017 which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets.
(b)The amount of unrealized gains/(losses) at PHI totaled $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The amount of
unrealized gains/(losses) at Pepco totaled less than $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
339
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following tables present the fair value reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities measur ed at fair value on a recurring basis
during the years ended December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Generation  ComEd PHI   Exelon
For the year ended
December 31, 2018NDT Fund
Investments Pledged Assets
for Zion Station
DecommissioningMark-to-
Market
Derivatives Other
InvestmentsTotal
Generation Mark-to-
Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts(c)Eliminated in
Consolidation Total
Balance as of January 1,
2018 $ 648 $ 12 $ 552 $ 37 $1,249 $ (256) $ 22 $ — $1,015
Total realized / unrealized
gains (losses)     
Included in net
income — — (105)(a) 3 (102) — 4 — (98)
Included in
noncurrent payables
to affiliates (1) — — — (1) — — 1 —
Included in payable
for Zion Station
decommissioning — 7 — — 7 — — — 7
Included in
regulatory
assets/liabilities — — — — — 7(b) — (1) 6
Change in collateral — — (5) — (5) — — — (5)
Purchases, sales,
issuances and settlements     
Purchases 36 1 190(e) 4 231 — — — 231
Sales — (20) (4) — (24) — — — (24)
Issuances — — — — — — — — —
Settlements (140) — 5 — (135) — 12 — (123)
Transfers into Level 3 — — (22)(d) — (22) — — — (22)
Transfers out of Level 3 — — (36)(d) (2) (38) — — — (38)
Other miscellaneous — — — — — — — —
Balance as of December
31, 2018 $ 543 $ — $ 575 $ 42 $1,160 $ (249) $ 38 $ — $ 949
The amount of total
(losses) gains included in
income attributed to the
change in unrealized
(losses) gains related to
assets and liabilities held
as of December 31, 2018$ (5) $ — $ 165 $ 3 $ 163 $ — $ — $ — $ 163
340
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Generation  ComEd PHI   Exelon
For the year ended
December 31, 2017NDT Fund
InvestmentsPledged Assets
for Zion Station
DecommissioningMark-to-
Market
Derivatives Other
InvestmentsTotal
Generation Mark-to-
Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
Contracts(c)Eliminated in
Consolidation Total
Balance as of January 1,
2017 $ 677 $ 19 $ 493 $ 42 $1,231 $ (258) $ 20 $ — $ 993
Total realized / unrealized
gains (losses)     
Included in net
income 3 — (90)(a) 3 (84) — 3 — (81)
Included in
noncurrent payables
to affiliates 6 — — — 6 — — (6) —
Included in payable
for Zion Station
decommissioning — (8) — — (8) —  — (8)
Included in
regulatory
assets/liabilities — — — — — 2(b) — 6 8
Change in collateral — — 20 — 20 — — — 20
Purchases, sales,
issuances and settlements      
Purchases 64 1 178 5 248 — — — 248
Sales — — (16) — (16) — — — (16)
Issuances — — — — — — (1) — (1)
Settlements (102) — (8) — (110) — — — (110)
Transfers into Level 3 — — (6)(d) — (6) — — — (6)
Transfers out of Level 3 — — (50)(d) (11) (61) — — — (61)
Other miscellaneous $ — $ — $ 31 $ (2)$ 29 $ — $ — $ — $ 29
Balance as of December
31, 2017 $ 648 $ 12 $ 552 $ 37 $1,249 $ (256) $ 22 $ — $1,015
The amount of total gains
(losses) included in income
attributed to the change in
unrealized gains (losses)
related to assets and
liabilities held as of
December 31, 2017 $ 1 $ — $ 254 $ 3 $ 258 $ — $ 3 $ — $ 261
__________
(a)Includes a reduction for the reclassification of $265 million and $352 million of realized gains due to the settlement of derivative contracts for the
years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(b)Includes $24 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $17 million recorded in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2018. Includes $18
million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $20 million recorded in purchased power expense
associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2017.
(c)The amounts represented are life insurance contracts at Pepco.
(d)Transfers into and out of Level 3 generally occur when the contract tenor becomes less and more observable respectively, primarily due to
changes in market liquidity or assumptions for certain commodity contracts.
(e)Includes $(19) million of fair value from contracts acquired as a result of the Everett Marine Terminal acquisition
341
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The followin g tables present the income statement classification of the total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
income for Level 3 asset s and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2018  and
2017 :
 Generation  PHI  Exelon
 Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel  Other, net Operating and
Maintenance Operating
Revenues Purchased
Power and
FuelOperating and
Maintenance Other, net
Total (losses) gains included in
net income for the year ended
December 31, 2018 $ (7)$ (93) $ 3 $ 4 $ (7) $ (93)$ 4 $ 3
Change in the unrealized gains
relating to assets and liabilities
held for the year ended December
31, 2018 144 21 (2) — 144  21 — (2)
 Generation  PHI Exelon
 Operating
Revenues  Purchased
Power and
Fuel Other, net Operating and
MaintenanceOperating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel Operating and
Maintenance Other , net
Total gains (losses) included in
net income for the year ended
December 31, 2017 $ 28 $(126)$ 6 $ 3$ 28 $(126) $ 3$ 6
Change in the unrealized gains
(losses) relating to assets and
liabilities held for the year
ended December 31, 2017 290  (36) 4 3 290 (36) 3 4
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
The following describes the valuation technique s used to measure the fair value of the assets  and liabilities shown in the tables
above.
Cash Equivalents (Exelon, Generation, ComE d, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE).  The Registrants’  cash equivalents
include investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased. The cash equivalents shown in the fair value
tables are comprised of investments in mutual and money market funds. The fair values of the shares of these funds are based on
observable market prices and, therefore, have been categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy .
NDT Fund Investments and Pledged Assets  for Zion Station Decommissioning (Exelon  and Generation). The trust fund
investments have been established to satisfy Generation’ s and CENG's nuclear decommissioning obligations as required by the
NRC. The NDT funds hold debt and equity securities directly and indirectly through commingled funds and mutual funds, which are
included in Equities and Fixed Income. Generation’ s and CENG's NDT fund investments policies outline investment guidelines for
the trusts and limit the trust funds’  exposures to investments in highly illiquid markets and other alternative investments. Investments
with maturities of three months or less when purchased, including certain short-term fixed income securities are considered cash
equivalents and included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1 or Level 2.
With respect to individually held equity securities, the trustees obtain prices from pricing services, whose prices are generally
obtained from direct feeds from market exchanges, which Generation is able to independently corroborate. The fair values of equity
securities held directly by the trust funds which are based on quoted prices in active markets are categorized in Level 1. Certain
equity secur ities have been categorized as Level 2 because they are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market
information, such as actual trade information or similar securities. Equity securities held individu ally are primarily traded on the New
York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ-Global Select Market, which contain only actively traded securities due to the volume trading
requirements imposed by these exchanges.
For fixed income securities, multiple prices from pricing services are obtained whenever poss ible, which enables cross-provider
validations in addition to checks for unusual daily movements. A primary price source is identified  based on asset type, class or issue
for each security . With respect to individually held fixed income securities, the
342
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
trustees monitor prices supplied by pricing services and may use a supplemental price source or change the primary price source of
a given security if the portfolio managers challenge an assigned price and the trustees determine that another price source is
considered to be preferable. Generation has obtained an understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and
observability of the input s used in deriving such prices. Additionally , Generation selectively corro borates the fair values of securities
by comparison to other market-based price sources. U.S. Treasury securities are categorized as Level 1 because they trade in a
highly liquid and transparent market. The fair values of fixed income securities, excluding U.S. Treasury securities, are based on
evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities, adjusted for
observable differences and are categorized in Level 2. The fair values of private placement fixed income securities, which are
included in Corporate debt, are determined using a third-party valuation that contains significant unobservable inputs and are
categorized in Level 3.
Equity and fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds are maintained by investment comp anies and hold certain investments
in acco rdance with a stated set of fund objectives such as holding short-term fixed income securities or tracking the performance of
certain equity indices by purchasing equity securities to replicate the capitalization and characte ristics of the indices. The values of
some of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in
active markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For commingled funds and mutual funds, which are not publicly quoted, the
funds are valued using NAV as a practical expedient for fair value, which is primarily derived from the quoted prices in active markets
on the underlying securities, and are not classi fied within the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed
monthly with 30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Derivative instruments consisting primarily of futures and interest rate swaps to manage risk are recorded at fair value. Over the
counter derivatives are valued daily based on quoted prices in active markets and trade in open markets, and have been categorized
as Level 1. Derivative instruments other than over the counter derivatives are valued based on external price data of comparable
securities and have been categorized as Level 2.
Middle market lending are investments in loans or managed funds which lend to private companies. Generation elected the fair
value option for its investments in certain limited partnerships that invest in middle market lending managed funds. The fair value of
these loans is determin ed using a combination of valuation models including cost models, market models, and income models.
Investments in loans are categorized as Level 3 because the fair value of these securities is based largely on inputs that are
unobservable and utilize complex valuation models. Managed funds are valued using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient,
and therefore, are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . Investments in middle market lending typically cannot be redeemed
until maturity of the term loan.
Private equity and real estate investments include those in limited partnerships that invest in operating companies and real estate
holding companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange, such as, leveraged buyo uts, growth capital, venture capital,
distressed investments, investments in natural resources, and direct investments in pools of real estate properties. The fair value of
private equit y and real estate investments is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, are not
classified within the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically cannot be redeemed and are generally liquidated over a period
of 8 to 10 years from the initial investment date, which is based on Exelon’ s understanding of the investment funds. Private equity
and real estate valuation s are reported by the fund manager and are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which
include inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows, market based comparable data, and independent
appraisals from sources with professional qualifications. These valuation inputs are unobservable.
As of December 31, 2018 , Gene ration has outstanding commitments to invest in fixed income, middle market lending, private equity
and real estate investments of approximately $127 million , $224 million , $326 million  and $273 million , respectively . These
commitments will be funded by Generation’ s existing NDT  funds.
Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Gene ration evaluated its NDT portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk
as of December 31, 2018 . Types of concentrations  that were evaluated include, but are not limited to, investment concentr ations in a
single entity , type of industry , foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2018 , there were no significan t concentrations
(generally defined as greater than 10 percent) of risk in Generation's NDT  assets.
See Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations  for additional information on the NDT  fund investments.
343
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Rabbi Trust Investments (Exelon, Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE). The Rabbi trusts were established to
hold assets related to deferred compensation plans existing for certain active and retired members of Exelon’ s executive
management and directors. The Rabbi trusts' assets are included in investments in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets
and consist primarily of money market funds, mutual funds, fixed income securities and life insur ance policies. The mutual funds are
maintained by investment companies and hold certain investments in accordance with a state d set of fund objectives, which are
consistent with Exelon’ s overall investment strategy. Money market funds and mutual funds are publicly quoted and have been
categorized as Level 1 given the clear observab ility of the prices. The fair values of fixed income securities are based on evaluated
prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities, adjusted for observable
differences and are categorized in Level 2. The life insurance policies are valued using the cash  surrender value of the policies, net
of loans against those policies, which is provide d by a third-party . Certain life insurance policie s, which consist primarily of mutual
funds that are priced based on observable marke t data, have been categorized as Level 2 because the life insurance policies can be
liquidated at the reporting date for the value of the underlying assets. Life insurance policies that are valued using unobservable
inputs have been categorized as Level 3.
Mark-to-Market Derivat ives (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PHI and DPL) . Derivative contracts are traded in both exchange -based
and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
are categorized in Level 1 in the fair value  hierarchy . Certain derivatives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available
through brokers or over-the-counter , on-line exchanges and are categorized in Level 2. These price quotations reflect the average of
the bid-ask,  mid-point prices and are obtained from sources that the Registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the
commodity . The price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly
transaction between market participants. This includes consideration of actual transaction volumes, market delivery points, bid-ask
spreads and contract duration. The remainder of derivative contracts are valued using the Black  model, an industry standard option
valuation model. The Black model takes into account inputs such as contract terms, including maturity , and market parameters,
including assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness and credit spread. For derivatives that
trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, model inputs are generally observable. Such instruments are
categorized in Level 2. The Registrants’  derivatives are predominantly at liquid trading points. For derivatives that trade in less liquid
markets with limited pricing information, model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs. These
valuations may include an estimated basis adjustment from an illiquid trading point to a liquid trading point for which active price
quotations are available. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3.
Exelon may utilize fixed- to-floating interest rate swaps as a means to achieve its targeted level of variable-rate debt as a percent of
total debt. In addition, the Registrants may utilize interest rate derivatives to lock in interest rate levels in anticipation of future
financings. Exelon determines the current fair value by calculating the net present value of expected payments and receipts under
the swap agreement, based on and discounted  by the market's expectation of future interest  rates. Additional inputs to the net
present value calculation may include the contra ct terms, counterparty credit risk and other market parameters. As these inputs are
based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest rate swaps are categorized in Level 2 in the fair value
hierarchy . See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for additional information on mark-to-market derivatives.
Deferred Compensation Obligations (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE).  The Registrants’
deferred compensation plans allow participant s to defer certain cash compensation into a notional investment account. The
Registrants include such plans in other current and noncurrent liabilities in their Consolidated Balance Sheets. The value of the
Registrants’  deferred compensation obligations is based on the market value of the participants’  notional investment accounts. The
underlying notional investments are comprised primarily of equities, mutual funds, commingled funds and fixed income securities
which are based on directly and indirectly observable market prices. Since the deferred compensation obligations themselves are
not exchanged in an active market, they are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
The value of certain employment agreement obligations (which are included with the Deferred Compensation Obligation in the tables
above) are based on a known and certain stream of payments to be made over time and are categorized as Level 2 within the fair
value hierarchy .
344
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Additional Information  Regarding Level 3 Fair Value Measurements (Exelon, Generatio n, ComEd, PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE)
NDT Fund Investments and Pledged Assets for Zion Station  Decommissioning (Exelon and Generation).   For middle market
lending and certain corporate debt securities investments, the fair value is determined using a combination of valuation models
including cost models, market models and incom e models. The valuation estimates are based on discounting the forecasted cash
flows, market-based comparable data, credit and liquidity factors, as well as other factors that may impact value. Significant
judgment is required in the application of disco unts or premiums applied for factors such as size, marketability , credit risk and
relative performance.
Because Generation relies on third-party fund managers to develop the quantitative unobservable inputs without adjustment for the
valuations of its Level 3 investments, quantitative information about significant unobserva ble inputs used in valuing these
investments is not reasonably available to Generation. This includes information regarding the sensitivity of the fair values to
changes in the unobservable inputs. Therefore, Generation has not disclosed such inputs.
Rabbi Trust Investments - Life insurance contracts (Exelon, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE). For life insuranc e policies categorized
as Level 3, the fair value is determined based on the cash surrender value of the policy , which contains unobservable inputs and
assumptions. Because Exelon relies on its third- party insurance provider to develop the inputs without adjustment for the valuations
of its Level 3 investmen ts, quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in valuing these investments is not
reasonably available to Exelon. Therefore, Exelon has not disclosed such inputs.
Mark-to-Market Derivatives (Exelon, Generation and ComEd).  For valuations that include both observable and unobservable
inputs, if the unobservab le input is determined to be significant to the overall inputs, the entire valuation is categorized in Level 3.
This includes derivatives valued using indicativ e price quotations whose contract tenure extends into unobservable periods. In
instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in
valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks such as liquidity , volatility and contract duration. Such
instruments are categorized in Level 3 as the model inputs generally are not observable. Forward price curves for the power market
utilized by the front office to manage the portfolio, are reviewed and verified by the middle office, and used for financial reporting by
the back office. The Registrants consider credit and nonperformance risk in the valuation of derivative contracts categorized in Level
2 and 3, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of credit and nonpe rformance risk by counterparty . Due
to master netting agreem ents and collateral posting requirements, the impacts of credit and nonperformance risk were not material
to the financial statements.
Disclosed below is detail surrounding the Registrants’  significant Level 3 valuations. The calculated fair value includes marketability
discounts for margining provisions and other attributes. Generation’ s Level 3 balance generally consists of forward sales and
purchases of power and natural gas and certain transmission congestion contracts. Generation utilizes various inputs and factors
including market data and assumptions that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities as well as assumptions
about the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. The inputs and factors include forward commodity prices,
commodity price volatility , contractual volumes, delivery location, interest rates, credit quality of counterparties and credit
enhancements.
For commodity derivatives, the primary input to the valuation models is the forward commodity price curve for each instrument.
Forward commodity price curves are derived by risk management for liquid locations and by the traders and portfolio managers for
illiquid locati ons. All locations are reviewed and verified by risk management considering published exchange transaction prices,
executed bilateral transactions, broker quotes, and other observable or public data sources. The relevant forward commodity curve
used to value each of the derivatives depends on a number of factors, including commodity type, delivery location, and delivery
period. Price volatility varies by commodity and location. When appropriate, Generation discoun ts future cash flows using risk free
interest rates with adjustments to reflect the credit quality of each counterparty for assets and Generation’ s own credit quality for
liabilities. The level of observability of a forward  commodity price varies generally due to the delivery location and delivery period.
Certain delivery locations including PJM West Hub (for power) and Henry Hub (for natural gas) are more liquid and prices are
observable for up to three years in the future. The observability period of volatility is generally shorter than the underlying power
curve used in option valuations. The forward curve for a less liquid location is estimated by using the forward curve from the liquid
location and applying a spread to represent the cost to transport the commodity to the delivery location. This spread does not
typically represent a majority of the instrument’ s market price. As a result, the change in fair value is closely tied to liquid market
movements and not
345
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
a chan ge in the applied spread. The change in fair value associated with a change in the spread is generally immaterial. An average
spread calculated across all Level 3 power and gas delivery locations is approximately $3.18  and $0.64  for power and natural gas,
respectively . Many of the commodity derivatives are short term in nature and thus a majority of the fair value may be based on
observable inputs even though the contract as a whole must be classified as Level 3.
On December 17, 2010, ComEd entered into several 20-year floating to fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for
the procurement of long-term renewable energy and associated RECs. See Note 12 — Derivative Financial Instruments  for
additional information. The fair value of these swaps has been designated as a Level 3 valua tion due to the long tenure of the
positions and internal modeling assumptions. The modeling assumptions include using natural gas heat rates to project long term
forward power curves adjusted by a renewable  factor that incorporates time of day and seasonality factors to reflect accurate
renewable energy pricing. In addition, marketability reserves are applied to the positions based on the tenor and supplier risk.
The following tables present the significant inputs to the forward curve used to value these positions:
Type of tradeFair Value at
December 31, 2018Valuation
Technique  Unobservable
Input Range
Mark-to-market derivatives—Economic
hedges (Exelon and Generation)(a)(b)$ 443Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward power price $12 -$174
    Forward gas price $0.78 -$12.38
  Option Model  Volatility percentage 10% -277%
     
Mark-to-market derivatives—
Proprietary trading (Exelon and Generation)(a)
(b) $ 56Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward power price $14 -$174
     
Mark-to-market derivatives (Exelon and
ComEd) $ (249)Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward heat rate(c)10x - 11x
    Marketability reserve 4% - 8%
    Renewable factor 86% -120%
______
(a)The valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and ranges are the same for the asset and liability positions.
(b)The fair values do not include cash collateral posted on level three positions of $76 million as of December 31, 2018.
(c)Quoted forward natural gas rates are utilized to project the forward power curve for the delivery of energy at specified future dates. The natural
gas curve is extrapolated beyond its observable period to the end of the contract’s delivery.
346
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Type of trade  Fair Value at
December 31, 2017 Valuation
Technique  Unobservable
Input Range
Mark-to-market derivatives—Economic
hedges (Exelon and Generation)(a)(b)  $ 445  Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward power price $3 -$124
     Forward gas price $1.27 -$12.80
   Option Model  Volatility percentage 11% -139%
      
Mark-to-market derivatives—
Proprietary trading (Exelon and Generation)(a)
(b)  $ 26 Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward power price $14 - $94
      
Mark-to-market derivatives (Exelon and
ComEd)  $ (256) Discounted
Cash Flow  Forward heat rate(c)9x - 10x
     Marketability reserve 4% - 8%
     Renewable factor 88% -120%
__________
(a)The valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and ranges are the same for the asset and liability positions.
(b)The fair values do not include cash collateral posted on level three positions $81 million as of December 31, 2017.
(c)Quoted forward natural gas rates are utilized to project the forward power curve for the delivery of energy at specified future dates. The natural
gas curve is extrapolated beyond its observable period to the end of the contract’s delivery.
The inputs listed above , which are as of the balance sheet date, would have a direct impa ct on the fair values of the above
instruments if they were adjusted. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Generation’ s
commodity derivatives are forward commodity prices and for options is price volatility . Increases (decreases) in the forward
commodity price in isolation would result in significantly higher (lower) fair values for long positi ons (contracts that give Generation
the obligatio n or option to purchase a commodity), with offsetting impacts to short positions (contracts that give Generation the
obligation or right to sell a commodity). Increases (decreases) in volatility would increase (decrease) the value for the holder of the
option (writer of the option). Generally , a change in the estimate of forward commodity prices is unrelated to a change in the estimate
of volatility of prices. An increase to the reserves listed above would decrease the fair value of the positions. An increase to the heat
rate or renewable factors would increase the fair value accordingly . Generally , interrelationships exist between market prices of
natural gas and power . As such, an increase in natural gas pricing would potentially have a similar impact on forward power markets.
12. Derivative Financial Instruments  (All Registrants)
The Registra nts use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk related to
ongoing business operations.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
To the extent the amount of energy Generation produces differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell, Exelon and
Generation are exposed to market fluctuations in the prices of electricity , fossil fuels and other commodities. Each of the Registrants
employ established policies and procedures to manage their risks associated with market fluctuations in commodity prices by
entering into physical and financial derivative contracts, including swaps, futures, forwards, options and short-term and long-term
commitments to purchase and sell energy and commodity products. The Registrants believe these instruments, which are either
determined to be non-derivative or classified as economic hedges, mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices.
Derivative authoritative guidance requires that derivative instruments be recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value, with
changes in fair value of the derivative recognized in earnings immediately . Other accounting treatments are available through special
election and designation, provided they meet specific, restrictive criteria both at the time of designation and on an ongoing basis.
These alternative permissible accounting treatments include normal purchase normal sale (NPNS), cash flow hedges and fair value
hedges. For Generation, all derivative
347
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
economic hedges related to commodities are recorded at fair value through earnings for the consolidated company , referred to as
economic hedges in the following tables. Additio nally, Generation is exposed to certain market risks through its proprietary trading
activities. The proprietary trading activities are a complement to Generation’ s energy marketing portfolio but represent a small
portion of Generation’ s overall energy marketing activities.
Fair value authoritative guidance and disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities requires the fair value of derivative
instruments to be shown  in the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on a gross basis, even when the derivative
instruments are subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements and qualify for net presentation in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet. A master netting agreement is an agreement between two counterparties that may have derivative and non-
derivative contracts with each other providing for the net settlement of all referencing contracts via one payment stream, which takes
place as the contracts deliver , when collateral is requested or in the event of default. Generation’ s use of cash collateral is generally
unrestricted, unless Generation is downgraded below investment grade (i.e., to BB+ or Ba1). In the table below , Generation’ s
energy-related economi c hedges and proprieta ry trading derivatives are shown gross. The impact of the netting of fair value
balances with the same counterparty that are subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements, as well as netting of cash
collateral, including margin on exchange positions, is aggregated in the collateral and netting column. As of December 31, 2018 , $2
million  of cash collateral posted with external counterpa rties and an additional $12 million  of cash collateral posted with ComEd, and
as of Decem ber 31, 2017 , $4 million of cash collateral held, was not offset against derivative positions because such collateral was
not associated with any energy-related derivatives, were associated with accrual positions, or had no positions to offset as of the
balance sheet date. Excluded from the tables below are economic hedges that qualify for the NPNS scope exception and other non-
derivative contracts that are accounted for under the accrual method of accounting.
ComEd’ s use of cash collateral is generally unrestricted unless ComEd is downgraded below investment grade (i.e., to BB+ or Ba1).
Cash collateral held by PECO and BGE must be deposited in an unaffiliated major U.S. commerc ial bank or foreign bank with a U.S.
branch of fice that meet certain qualifications.
In the table below , DPL's economic hedges are shown gross. The impact of the netting of fair value balances with the same
counterparty that are subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements, as well as netting  of cash collateral, including margin
on exchange positions, is aggregated in the collateral and netting column.
348
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table provides a summary of the derivative fair value balances related to commodity contracts recorded by the
Registrants as of December 31, 2018 :
 Generation  ComEd  Exelon
DescriptionEconomic
HedgesProprietary
TradingCollateral
and
Netting(a)(d) Subtotal(b) Economic
Hedges(c) Total
Derivatives
Mark-to-market derivative assets (current assets) $3,505 $ 105 $(2,809 )$ 801  $ — $ 801
Mark-to-market derivative assets (noncurrent assets) 1,266 41 (862) 445  — 445
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 4,771 146 (3,671 ) 1,246  — 1,246
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current liabilities) (3,429 ) (74) 3,056 (447) (26) (473)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent
liabilities) (1,203 ) (20) 972 (251) (223) (474)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (4,632 ) (94) 4,028 (698) (249) (947)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets (liabilities) $ 139 $ 52 $ 357 $ 548  $(249)$ 299
__________
(a)Exelon and Generation net all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance on the balance sheet. These amounts
include unrealized derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash
collateral. In some cases, Exelon and Generation may have other offsetting exposures, subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such
as trade receivables and payables, transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, letters of credit and other forms of non-cash collateral. These
are not reflected in the table above.
(b)Current and noncurrent assets are shown net of collateral of $121 million and $51 million, respectively, and current and noncurrent liabilities are
shown net of collateral of $125 million and $60 million, respectively. The total cash collateral posted, net of cash collateral received and offset
against mark-to-market assets and liabilities was $357 million at December 31, 2018.
(c)Includes current and noncurrent liabilities relating to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
(d)Of the collateral posted/(received), $(94) million represents variation margin on the exchanges.
349
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table provides a summary of the derivative fair value balances related to commodity contracts recorded by the
Registrants as of December 31, 2017 :
 Generation  ComEd  Exelon
DescriptionEconomic
HedgesProprietary
TradingCollateral
and
Netting(a)(d) Subtotal(b) Economic
Hedges(c) Total
Derivatives
Mark-to-market derivative assets (current assets) $3,061 $ 56 $(2,144 )$ 973  $ — $ 973
Mark-to-market derivative assets (noncurrent assets) 1,164 12 (845) 331  — 331
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 4,225 68 (2,989 ) 1,304  — 1,304
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current liabilities) (2,646 ) (43) 2,480 (209) (21) (230)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent
liabilities) (1,137 ) (10) 975 (172) (235) (407)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (3,783 ) (53) 3,455 (381) (256) (637)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets (liabilities) $ 442 $ 15 $ 466 $ 923  $(256)$ 667
__________
(a)Exelon and Generation net all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance on the balance sheet. These amounts
include unrealized derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral.
In some cases, Exelon and Generation may have other offsetting exposures, subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such as trade
receivables and payables, transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, and letters of credit and other forms of non-cash collateral. These are
not reflected in the table above.
(b)Current and noncurrent assets are shown net of collateral of $169 million and $53 million, respectively, and current and noncurrent liabilities are
shown net of collateral of $167 million and $77 million, respectively. The total cash collateral posted, net of cash collateral received and offset
against mark-to-market assets and liabilities was $466 million at December 31, 2017.
(c)Includes current and noncurrent liabilities relating to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
(d)Of the collateral posted/(received), $(117) million represents variation margin on the exchanges.
Economic Hedges (Commodity Price Risk)
Within Exelo n, Generation has the most exposure to commodity price risk. As such, Generation uses a variety of derivative and non-
derivative instruments to manage the commodity  price risk of its electric generation facilities, including power and gas sales, fuel and
power purchases, natural gas transportation and pipeline capacity agreements and other energy-related products marketed and
purchased. To manage these risks, Generation may enter into fixed-price derivative or non-derivative contracts to hedge the
variability in future cash flows from expected sales of power and gas and purchases of power and fuel. The objectives for executing
such hedges include fixing the price for a portion of anticipated future electricity sales at a level that provides an acceptable return.
Generation is also expo sed to differences between the locational settlement prices of certain economic hedges and the hedged
generating units. This price difference is actively managed through other instruments which include derivative congestion products,
whose changes in fair value are recognized in earnings each period, and auction revenue rights, which are accounted for on an
accrual basis. For the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Exelo n and Generation  recognized the following  net pre-tax
commodity mark-to-market gains (losses) which are also located in the "Net fair value changes related to derivatives" in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
 For the Years Ended December 31,
2018  2017  2016
Income Statement Location Gain (Loss)
Operating revenues $ (270) $ (126) $ (490)
Purchased power and fuel (47) (43) 459
Total Exelon and Generation $ (317) $ (169) $ (31)
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions that have not been hedged. Generation hedges commodity
350
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
price risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods. As of December 31, 2018 , the percentage of expe cted generation hedged for
the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York and ERCOT  reportable segments is 89%-92%, 56%-59% and 32%-35% for 2019 , 2020  and
2021 , respectively .
On December 17, 2010, ComEd executed several 20-year floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the
procurement of long-term renewable energy and associated RECs. Delivery under the contracts began in June 2012. These
contracts are designed to lock in a portion of the long-term commodity price risk resulting from the renewable energy resource
procurement requiremen ts in the Illinois Settlement Legislation. ComEd has not elected hedge accounting for these derivative
financial instruments. ComEd records the fair value of the swap contracts on its balance sheet. Because ComEd receives full cost
recovery for energy procurement and related costs from retail customers, the change in fair value  each period is recorded by ComEd
as a regulatory asset or liability . See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
PECO’ s natural gas procurement policy is designed to achieve a reasonable balance of long-t erm and short-term gas purchases
under different pricing approaches to achieve system supply reliability at the least cost. PECO’ s reliability strategy is two-fold. First,
PECO must assure that there is sufficient transportation capacity to satisfy delivery requirements . Second, PECO must ensure that a
firm source of supply exists to utilize the capacity resources. All of PECO’ s natural gas supply and asset management agreements
that are derivatives either qualify for the NPNS scope exception and have been designated as such, or have no mark-to-market
balances because the derivatives are index price d. Additionally , in accordance with the 2018 PAPUC PGC settlement and to reduce
the exposure of PECO and its customers to natural gas price volatility , PECO has continued its program to purchase natural gas for
both winter and summer  supplies using a layered approach of locking-in prices ahead of each season with long-term gas purchase
agreements (those with primary terms of at least  twelve months). Under the terms of the 2018 and previous PGC settlements, PECO
is required to lock in (i.e., economically hedge) the price of a minimum volume of its long-term gas commodity purchases. PECO’ s
gas-hedging program is designed to cover about 20% of planned natural gas purchases in support of projected firm sales. The
hedging program for natural gas procurement has no direct impact on PECO’ s results of operations and financial position as natural
gas costs are fully recovered from customers under the PGC.
BGE has contracts to procure SOS electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC. The SOS rates charged recover BGE’ s wholesale power supply costs and include an administrative fee. BGE’ s commodity
price risk related to electric supply procuremen t is limited. BGE locks in fixed prices for all of its SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts. Certain of BGE’ s full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives, qualify for the NPNS scope
exception under current derivative authoritative guidance. Other BGE full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
BGE provides natural gas to its customers under a MBR mechanism approved by the MDPSC. Under this mechanism, BGE’ s actual
cost of gas is compared  to a market index (a measure of the market price of gas in a given period). The difference between BGE’ s
actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholders and customers. BGE must also secure fixed price
contracts for at least 10%, but not more than 20%, of forecasted system supply requirements for flowing (i.e., non-storage) gas for
the November through March period. These fixed-price contracts are not subject to sharing under the MBR mechanism. BGE also
ensures it has sufficient pipeline transportation capacity to meet customer requirements. BGE’ s natural gas supply and asset
management agreements qualify for the NPNS scope exception and result in physical delivery .
Pepco has contracts to procure SOS electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and DCPSC. The SOS rates charged recover Pepco's wholesale power supply costs and include an administrative fee. The
administrative fee includes an incremental cost component and a shareholder return component for residential and commercial rate
classes. Pepco’s commodity price risk related to electric supply procurement is limited. Pepc o locks in fixed prices for its SOS
requirements through full requirements contracts. Certain of Pepco’ s full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives,
qualify for the NPNS scope exception under current derivative authoritative guidance. Other Pepco full requirements contracts are
not derivatives.
DPL has contracts to procure SOS electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and the DPSC.  The SOS rates charged recover DPL's wholesale power supply costs. In Delaware, DPL is also entitled to
recover a Reasonable Allowance for Retail Margin (RARM). The RARM includes a fixed annual margin of approximately $2.75
million , plus an incremental cost component and a cash working capital allowance. In Maryland, DPL charges an administrative fee
intended to allow it to recover its administrative
351
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
costs. DPL locks in fixed prices for its SOS requirements through full requirements contracts. DPL’s commodity price risk related to
electric supp ly procurem ent is limited. Certain of DPL’s full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives, qualify for the
NPNS scope exception under current derivative authoritative guidance. Other DPL  full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
DPL provides natural gas to its customers under  an Annual GCR mechanism approved by the DPSC. Under this mechanism, DPL’s
Annual GCR  Filing establishes a future GCR for firm bundled sales customers by using a forecast of demand and commodity costs.
The actual costs are trued up against forecast on a monthly basis and any shortfall or exces s is carried forward as a recovery
balance in the next GCR filing. The demand portion of the GCR is based upon DPL’s firm transp ortation and storage contracts. DPL
has firm deliverability of swing and seasonal storage; a liquefied natural gas facility and firm transportation capacity to meet
customer demand and provide a reserve margin. The commodity portion of the GCR includes a commission approved hedging
program which is intende d to reduce gas commodity price volatility while limiting the firm natural gas customers’  exposure to adverse
changes in the market price of natural gas. The hedge program requires that DPL hedge, on a non-discretionary basis, an amount
equal to 50% of estimated purchase requirements for each month, including estimated monthly purchases for storage injections. The
50% hedge monthly target is achieved by hedging 1/12th of the 50% target each month beginn ing 12-months prior to the month in
which the physical gas is to be purchased. Currently , DPL uses only exchange traded futures for its gas hedging program, which are
considered derivatives, however , it retains the capability to employ other physical and financial hedges if needed. DPL has not
elected hedge accounting for these derivative financial instruments. Because of the DPSC-approved fuel adjustment clause for
DPL's derivatives, the change in fair value of the derivatives each period, in addition to all premiums paid and other transaction costs
incurred as part of the Gas Hedging Program, are fully recoverable and are recorded by DPL as regulatory assets or liabilities. DPL’s
physical gas purchases are currently all daily, monthly or intra-month transactions. From time to time, DPL will enter into seasonal
purchase or sale arrang ements, however , there are none currently in the portfolio. Certain of DPL's full requirements contracts,
which are considered derivatives, qualify for the NPNS scope exception under current derivative authoritative guidance. Other DPL
full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
ACE has contracts to procure BGS electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the
NJBPU. The BGS rates charged recover ACE's  wholesale power supply costs. ACE does not make any profit or incur any loss on
the supply component of the BGS it supplies to customers. ACE’ s commodity price risk related to electric supply procurement is
limited. ACE locks in fixed prices for its BGS requirements through full requirements contracts. Certain of ACE’ s full requirements
contracts, which are considered derivatives, qualify for the NPNS scope exception under current derivative authoritative guidance.
Other ACE full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
Proprietary T rading (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation also execute s commodity derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. Proprietary trading includes all contracts executed
with the intent of benefiting from shifts or changes in market prices as opposed to those executed with the intent of hedging or
managing risk. Proprietary trading activities are subject to limits established by Exelon’ s RMC. The proprietary trading portfolio is
subject to a risk management policy that includes stringent risk management limits to manage exposure to market risk. Additionally ,
the Exelon risk managem ent group and Exelon's RMC monitor the financial risks of the proprietary trading activities. The proprietary
trading activities are a complement to Generation's energy marketing portfolio but represent a small portion of Generation's overall
revenue from energy marketing activities. Gains and losses associated with proprietary trading are reported as Operating revenues
in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. For the years ended
December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Exelon and Generation recognized the following net pre-tax commodity mark-to-market gains
(losses) which are also included in the "Net fair value changes related to derivatives" in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The Utility Registrants do not execute derivatives for proprietary trading purposes.
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2018  2017 2016
Income Statement Location Gain
Operating revenues $ 17 $ 6$ 2
352
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (All Registrants)
The Registrants use a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage interest rate exposure. The Registrants also utilize
interest rate swaps, which are treated as economic hedges, to manage their interest rate expo sure. To manage foreign exchange
rate exposure associated with international commodity purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, Generation utilizes foreign
currency derivatives, which are treated as economic hedges. Below is a summary of the interes t rate and foreign exchange hedge
balances as of December 31, 2018 :
 GenerationExelon
Corporate Exelon
Description  Economic
Hedges  Collateral
and
Netting(a) SubtotalEconomic
Hedges Total
Mark-to-market derivative assets (current assets) $ 5$ (2)$ 3$ — $ 3
Mark-to-market derivative assets (noncurrent assets) 8 (1) 7 — 7
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 13 (3) 10 — 10
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current liabilities) (4) 2 (2) — (2)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent liabilities) (2) 1 (1) (4) (5)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (6) 3 (3) (4) (7)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets (liabilities) $ 7$ — $ 7$ (4)$ 3
__________
(a)Exelon and Generation net all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance on the balance sheet. These amounts
include unrealized derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral.
In some cases, Exelon and Generation may have other offsetting counterparty exposures subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such
as accrued interest, transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, letters of credit and other forms of non-cash collateral, which are not reflected
in the table above.
353
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table provi des a summary of the interest rate and foreign exchange hedge balance s recorded by the Registrants as of
December 31, 2017 :
 Generation  Exelon
Corporate Exelon
DescriptionDerivatives
Designated
as Hedging
InstrumentsEconomic
HedgesCollateral
and
Netting(a) Subtotal Derivatives
Designated
as Hedging
Instruments Total
Mark-to-market derivative assets (current assets) $ — $ 10 $ (7)$ 3 $ — $ 3
Mark-to-market derivative assets (noncurrent
assets) 3 — — 3 3 6
Total mark-to-market derivative assets 3 10 (7) 6 3 9
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (current
liabilities) (2) (7) 7 (2) — (2)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities (noncurrent
liabilities) — (2) — (2) — (2)
Total mark-to-market derivative liabilities (2) (9) 7 (4) — (4)
Total mark-to-market derivative net assets
(liabilities) $ 1$ 1$ — $ 2 $ 3 $ 5
__________
(a)Exelon and Generation net all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance on the balance sheet. These amounts
include unrealized derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral.
In some cases, Exelon and Generation may have other offsetting counterparty exposures subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such
as accrued interest, transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, letters of credit and other forms of non-cash collateral, which are not reflected
in the table above.
Economic Hedges (Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk)
Exelon and Generation execute these instruments to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange but for
which the fair value or cash flow hedge elections were not made. On July 1, 2018, Exelon de-des ignated its fair value hedges related
to interest rate risk and Generation de-designat ed its cash flow hedges related to interest rate risk. The amount deferred in AOCI
associated with the previously designated cash flow hedges will be reclassified into earnings as the underlying forecasted
transaction occurs. The result of this de-designa tion is that all economic hedges for interest rate swaps will be recorded at fair value
through earnings going forward, referred to as economic hedges in the following tables.
The following table provides notional amounts outstanding held by Exelon and Generation at December 31, 2018  related to interest
rate swaps and foreign currency exchange rate swaps.
 Generation  Exelon Corporate Exelon
Foreign currency exchange rate swaps $ 268  $ — $ 268
Interest rate swaps 620  800  1,420
Total $ 888  $ 800  $ 1,688
354
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table provides notional amounts outstanding held by Exelon and Generation at December 31, 2017  related to interest
rate swaps and foreign currency exchange rate swaps.
  Generation  Exelon Corporate Exelon
Foreign currency exchange rate swaps  $ 94 $ — $ 94
Interest rate swaps(a)  1 — 1
Total  $ 95 $ — $ 95
__________
(a)On July 1, 2018, Exelon and Generation de-designated its fair value and cash flow hedges. The table excludes amounts of $800 million of fixed-
to-floating hedges that were previously designated as fair value hedges by Exelon and $636 million of floating-to-fixed hedges that were
previously designated as cash flow hedges by Exelon and Generation as of December 31, 2017.
For the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Exelon and Generation  recognized the following net pre-tax mark-to-
market gains (losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are included in “Net fair value
changes related to derivatives” in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
   For the Years Ended December 31,
   2018 2017  2016
 Income Statement Location  Gain (Loss)
Generation Operating Revenues  $ 7$ (6) $ (10)
Generation Purchased Power and Fuel  (9) — —
Generation Interest Expense  (7) (3) —
Total Generation   $ (9)$ (9) $ (10)
  For the Years Ended December 31,
  2018 2017  2016
 Income Statement Location  Gain (Loss)
Exelon Operating Revenues  $ 7$ (6) $ (10)
Exelon Purchased Power and Fuel  (9) — —
Exelon Interest Expense  (4) (3) —
Total Exelon  $ (6)$ (9) $ (10)
Fair V alue Hedges (Interest Rate Risk)
For derivative instruments that qualify and are designated as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings immediately . Exelon had no
fixed-to-floating swaps designated as fair value hedges as of December 31, 2018  and had $800 million  notional amounts designated
as fair value hedges as of December 31, 2017 . Exelon and Generatio n include the gain or loss on the hedged items and the
offsetting loss or gain on the related interest rate swaps as follows:
 Year Ended December 31,
 
Income Statement Location2018 2017  2016  2018 2017 2016
 Loss on Swaps  Gain on Borrowings
Exelon Interest expense $ (11)$ (13) $ (9) $ 20 $ 28 $ 23
During the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , the impact on the results of operations due to ineffectiveness from fair
value hedges were gains of $9 million , $15 million  and $14 million , respectively .
355
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Cash Flow Hedges (Interest Rate Risk)
For derivative instruments that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the effective portion of the
derivative will be deferre d in AOCI and reclassified into earnings when the underlying transact ion occurs. Exelon and Generation
have no floating-to-fixed swaps designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2018 , and had $636 million  notional amounts
designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2017 .
The tables below provid e the activity of OCI related to cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2018  and 2017 ,
containing information about the changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges and the reclassification from AOCI into results of
operations. The amounts reclassified from AOCI , when combined with the impacts of the hedged transactions, result in the ultimate
recognition of net revenues or expenses at the contractual price.
   Total Cash Flow Hedge AOCI Activity,
Net of Income Tax                    
   Generation Exelon  
For the Year Ended December 31, 2018 Income Statement Location Total Cash 
Flow HedgesTotal Cash 
Flow Hedges  
AOCI derivative loss at December 31, 2017   $ (16) $ (14) 
Effective portion of changes in fair value   11 11 
Reclassifications from AOCI to net income Interest expense  1 1 
AOCI derivative loss at December 31, 2018   $ (4) $ (2) 
 Total Cash Flow Hedge AOCI Activity,
Net of Income Tax                   
 Generation  Exelon
For the Year Ended December 31, 2017Income Statement
LocationTotal Cash 
Flow Hedges  Total Cash
Flow Hedges
AOCI derivative loss at December 31, 2016 $ (19) $ (17)
Effective portion of changes in fair value (1) (1)
Reclassifications from AOCI to net income Interest expense 4(a) 4(a) 
AOCI derivative loss at December 31, 2017 $ (16) $ (14)
__________
(a)Amount is net of related income tax expense of $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.
During the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , the impact on the results of operations as a result of ineffectiveness
from cash flow hedges was immaterial. The estimated amount of existing gains and losses that are reported in AOCI at the reporting
date that are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months is immaterial.
Proprietary T rading (Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk)
Generation also executes derivative contracts for proprietary trading purposes to hedge risk associated with the interest rate and
foreign exch ange compo nents of underlying commodity positions. Gains and losses associated with proprietary trading are reported
as Operating  revenues in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are
included in “Net fair value changes related to derivatives” in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For
the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Exelon and Generation  recognized the following net pre-tax commodity mark-
to-market gains (losses).
 For the Years Ended December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Income Statement Location Loss
Operating revenues $ — $ (1) $ (1)
356
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Credit Risk, Collateral and Contingent-Related Features (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties on executed derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date. For commodity derivatives, Generation enters into enabling agreements that allow for payment netting with its
counterparties, which reduces Generation’ s exposure to counterparty risk by providing for the offset of amounts payable to the
counterparty against amounts receivable from the counterparty . Typically , each enabling agreement is for a specific commodity and
so, with respect to each  individual counterparty , netting is limited to transactions involving that specific commodity product, except
where master netting agreements exist with a counterparty that allow for cross product netting. In addition to payment netting
language in the enablin g agreement, Generation’ s credit department establishes credit limits, margining thresholds and collateral
requirements for each counterparty , which are defined in the derivative contracts. Counterparty credit limits are based on an internal
credit review  process that considers a variety of factors, including the results of a scoring model, leverage, liquidity , profitability , credit
ratings by credit rating agencies, and risk management capabilities. To the extent that a coun terparty’ s margining thresholds are
exceeded, the counterparty is required to post collateral with Generation as specified in each enabling agreement. Generation’ s
credit depar tment monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an
aggregate basis.
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, NPNS, and applicable
payables and receivables, net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as of December 31, 2018 .
The tables further deline ate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the concentration of credit
risk to individual counte rparties. The figures in the tables below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail counterparties,
nuclear fuel procurement contracts and exposure through RTOs, ISOs, NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX and Nodal commodity
exchanges. Additionally , the figures in the tables below exclude exposures with affiliates, including net receivables with ComEd,
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE of $43 million, $30 million, $24 million, $28 million, $7 million and $5 million as of December 31,
2018 , respectively .
Rating as of December 31, 2018Total
Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral  Credit
Collateral (a)Net
Exposure Number of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure  Net Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 795 $ — $ 795  1 $ 153
Non-investment grade 133 45 88 — —
No external ratings    
Internally rated — investment
grade 181 1 180  — —
Internally rated — non-
investment grade 92 6 86 — —
Total $ 1,201 $ 52 $ 1,149  1 $ 153
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty December 31, 2018
Financial institutions $ 12
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 737
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 324
Other 76
Total $ 1,149
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2018, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $17 million of cash and $35
million of letters of credit. The credit collateral does not include non-liquid collateral.
ComEd’ s power procurement contracts provide suppliers with a certain amount of unsecured credit. The credit position is based on
daily, updated forward market prices compared to the benchmark prices. The benchmark prices are the forward prices of energy
projected through the contract term and are set at the point of supplier bid submittals. If the forward market price of energy exceeds
the benchmark price on a given day , the suppliers are required to
357
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
post collater al for the secured credit portion after adjusting for any unpaid deliveries and unsecured credit allowed under the
contract. The unsecured credit used by the suppliers represents ComEd’ s net credit exposure. The unsecured credit used by the
suppliers represents ComEd’ s net credit exposure. As of December 31, 2018 , ComEd’ s net credit exposure to suppliers was
immaterial.
ComEd is permitted to recover its costs of procuring energy through the Illinois Settlement Legis lation. ComEd’ s counterparty credit
risk is mitigated by its ability to recover realiz ed energy costs through customer rates. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for
additional information.
PECO’ s unsecured credit used by electric suppliers represents PECO’ s net credit exposure. As of December 31, 2018 , PECO had
no material net credit exposure to electric suppliers.
PECO’ s natural gas procurement plan is reviewed and approved annually on a prospecti ve basis by the PAPUC. PECO’ s
counterparty credit risk under its natural gas supply and asset management agreements is mitigated by its ability to recover its
natural gas costs through the PGC, which allows PECO to adjust rates quarterly to reflect realized natural gas prices. As of
December 31, 2018 , PECO had no material credit exposure under its natural gas supply and asset management agreements with
investment grade suppliers.
BGE is permitted to recover its costs of procuring energy through the MDPSC-approved procurement tariffs. BGE’ s counterparty
credit risk is mitigated by its ability to recover realized energy costs through customer rates. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for
additional information.
BGE’ s full requirement wholesale electric power agreements that govern the terms of its electric supply procurement contracts,
which define a supplier ’s performance assurance  requirements, allow a supplier , or its guarantor , to meet its credit requirements with
a certain amount of unsecured credit. As of December 31, 2018 , BGE had no material net credit exposure to suppliers.
BGE’ s regulated gas business is exposed to market-price risk. At December 31, 2018 , BGE  had credit exposure of $3 million relate d
to off-system sales which is mitigated by parental guarantees, letters of credit, or right to offset clauses within other contracts with
those third-party suppliers.
Pepco’ s, DPL's and ACE's power procurement contracts provide suppliers with a certain amount of unsecured credit. The amount of
unsecured credit is determined based on the supplier ’s lowest credit rating from the major credit rating agencies and the supplier ’s
tangible net worth. The credit position is based on the initial market price, which is the forward price of energy on the day a
transaction is executed, compared to the current forward price curve for energy . To the extent that the forward price curve for energy
exceeds the initial mark et price, the supplier is required to post collateral to the extent the credit exposure is greater than the
supplier ’s unsecured credit limit. The unsecured credit used by the suppliers represents Pepco’ s, DPL's and ACE's net credit
exposure. As of December 31, 2018 , Pepco’ s, DPL's and ACE's net credit exposures to suppliers were immaterial.
Pepco is permitted to recover its costs of procuring energy through the MDPSC-approved and DCPSC-approved procurement tariffs.
DPL is permitted to recover its costs of procuring energy through the MDPSC-approved and DPSC-approved procurement tariffs.
ACE is permitted to recover its costs of procuring energy through the NJBPU-approved procurement tariffs. Pepco’ s, DPL's and
ACE's counterparty credit risks are mitigated by their ability to recover realized energy costs through customer rates. See Note 4 —
Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
DPL’s natura l gas procurement plan is reviewed and approved annually on a prospective basis  by the DPSC. DPL’s counterparty
credit risk under its natural gas supply and asset management agreements is mitigated by its ability to recover its natural gas costs
through the GCR, which allows DPL to adjust rates annually to reflect realized natural gas prices. To the extent that the fair value of
the transactions in a net loss position exceeds the unsecured credit threshold, then collateral is required to be posted in an amount
equal to the amount by which the unsecured credit threshold is exceeded. Exchange-traded  contracts are required to be fully
collateralized without regard to the credit rating of the holder . As of December 31, 2018 , DPL's credit exposure under its natural gas
supply and asset management agreements was immaterial.
Collateral (All Registrants)
As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physically or financial ly settled contracts for the purchase
and sale of electric capacity , electricity , fuels, emissions allowances and other energy-related products. Certain of Generation’ s
derivative instruments contain provisions that require Generation to post collateral.
358
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation also enters into commodity transactions on exchanges where the exchanges act as the counterparty to each trade.
Transactions on the exchanges must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. This collateral may be posted
in the form of cash or credit support with thresholds contingent upon Generation’ s credit rating from each of the major credit rating
agencies. The collateral and credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty . These credit-risk related contingent
features stipulate that if Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured
debt rating), it would be required to provide additional collateral. This incremental collateral requirement allows for the offsetting of
derivative instruments that are assets with the same counterparty , where the contractual right of offset exists under applicable
master netting agreements. In the absence of expressly agreed-to provisions that specify the collateral that must be provided,
collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circumstances of the situation at the time of the demand. In this case,
Generation believes an amount of several month s of future payments (i.e., capacity payments) rather than a calculation of fair value
is the best estimate for the contingent collateral obligation, which has been factored into the disclosure below .
The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features in a liability position that are not fully
collateralized (excluding transactions on the exchanges that are fully collateralized) is detailed in the table below:
 For the Years Ended December 31,
Credit-Risk Related Contingent Feature 2018 2017
Gross fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature(a)$ (1,723 )$ (926)
Offsetting fair value of in-the-money contracts under master netting arrangements(b) 1,105 577
Net fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature(c) $ (618)$ (349)
__________
(a)Amount represents the gross fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk-related contingent features ignoring the
effects of master netting agreements.
(b)Amount represents the offsetting fair value of in-the-money derivative contracts under legally enforceable master netting agreements with the
same counterparty, which reduces the amount of any liability for which a Registrant could potentially be required to post collateral.
(c)Amount represents the net fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk related contingent features after considering
the mitigating effects of offsetting positions under master netting arrangements and reflects the actual net liability upon which any potential
contingent collateral obligations would be based.
Generation had cash collateral posted of $418 million  and letters of credit posted of $367 million , and cash collateral held of $47
million  and letters of credit held of $44 million  as of December 31, 2018  for external counterparties with derivative positions.
Generation had cash collateral posted of $497 million  and letters of credit posted of $293 million  and cash collateral held of $35
million  and letters of credit held of $33 million at December 31, 2017  for external counterparti es with derivative positio ns. In the event
of a credit downgrade below investment grade (i.e., to BB+ by S&P or Ba1 by Moody's), Generation would have been required to
post additional collateral of $2.1 billion  and $1.8 billion  as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively . These amounts represent
the potential additional collateral required after giving consideration to offsetting derivative and non-derivative positions under master
netting agreements.
Generation’ s and Exelon’ s interest rate swaps contain provisions that, in the event of a merger , if Generation’ s debt ratings were to
materially weaken, it would be in violation of these provisions, resulting in the ability of the counterparty to terminate the agreement
prior to maturity . Collateralization would not be required under any circumstance. Termination of the agreement could result in a
settlement payment by Exelon or the counterparty on any interest rate swap in a net liability position. The settlement amount would
be equal to the fair value of the swap on the termination date. As of December 31, 2018 , Generation ’s and Exelon's swaps were in
an asset position with a fair value of $7 million  and $3 million , respectively .
See Note 24 — Segment Information  for additional information regarding the letters of credit supporting the cash collateral.
Generation entered into supply forward contracts with certain utilities, including PECO and BGE, with one-sided collateral postings
only from Generation. If market prices fall below  the benchmark price levels in these contracts, the utilities are not required to post
collateral. However , when market prices rise above the benchmark price levels,
359
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
counterparty suppliers, including Generation, are required to post collateral once certain unsecured credit limits are exceeded. Under
the terms of ComEd’ s standard block energy contracts, collateral postings are one-sided from suppliers, including Generation,
should exposures between market prices and benchmark prices exceed established unsecured credit limits outlined in the contracts.
As of December 31, 2018 , ComEd held approxima tely $38 million  in collateral from supplie rs in association with energy procurement
contracts. Under the terms of ComEd's ZEC contracts, collateral postings are required to cove r a percentage of the ZEC contract
value. ComEd’ s REC contracts require collateral postings that are either a fixed price per REC or a percentage of the REC contract
value. As of December 31, 2018 , Com Ed held approxim ately $31 million in collatera l from suppliers for REC and ZEC contract
obligations. Under the terms of ComEd’ s long-term renewable energy contracts, collateral postings are required from suppliers for
both RECs and energy . The REC portion is a fixed value and the energy portion is one-sided from suppliers should the forward
market prices exceed contract prices. As of December 31, 2018 , ComEd held approxima tely $19 million  in collateral from suppliers
for the long-term renewa ble energy contracts. If ComEd lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2018 , it would
have been required to post approximately $7 million  of collateral to its counterparties. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for
additional information.
PECO’ s natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require PECO to post collateral. This collateral may be
posted in the form of cash or credit support with thresholds contingent upon PECO’ s credit rating from the major credit rating
agencies. The collateral and credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty . As of December 31, 2018 , PECO  was
not required  to post collateral for any of these agreements. If PECO lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2018 ,
PECO could have been required to post approximately $39 million  of collateral to its counterparties.
PECO’ s supplier master agreements that govern the terms of its DSP Program contracts do not contain provisions that would require
PECO to post collateral.
BGE’ s natur al gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require BGE to post collateral. This collateral may be posted
in the form of cash or credit support with thresholds contingent upon BGE’ s credit rating from the major credit rating agencies. The
collateral and credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty . As of December 31, 2018 , BGE was not required to
post collateral for any of these agreements. If BGE lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2018 , BGE  could have
been required to post approximately $69 million  of collateral to its counterparties.
DPL's natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require DPL to post collateral. To the extent that the fair value
of the natura l gas derivative transaction in a net loss position exceeds the unsecured credit threshold, then collateral is required to
be posted in an amoun t equal to the amount by which the unsecured credit threshold is exceeded. The DPL obligations are
standalone, without the guaranty of PHI. If DPL lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2018 , DPL could have
been required to post an additional amount of approximately $11 million  of collateral to its natural gas counterparties.
BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE’ s full require ments wholesale power agreements that gove rn the terms of its electric supply
procurement contracts do not contain provisions that would require BGE, Pepco, DPL  or ACE to post collateral.
13. Debt and Credit Agreements  (All Registrants)
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of
commercial paper . Generation and PECO meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper and borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily
through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool. The Registrants may use their respective credit
facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
360
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Commercial Paper
The following table reflects the Registrants' commercial paper programs supported by the revolving credit agreements and bilateral
credit agreements at December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 Maximum
Program Size at
December 31,  Outstanding
Commercial
Paper at
December 31,Average Interest Rate on
Commercial Paper Borrowings for
the Year Ended December 31,
Commercial Paper Issuer 2018(a)(b)(c) 2017(a)(b)(c) 2018 2017 2018  2017
Exelon Corporate $ 600  $ 600  $ — $ — 1.93% 1.16%
Generation 5,300  5,300  — — 1.96% 1.23%
ComEd 1,000  1,000  — — 2.14% 1.24%
PECO 600  600  — — 2.24% 1.13%
BGE 600  600  35 77 2.18% 1.28%
Pepco 300  500  40 26 2.24% 1.06%
DPL 300  500  — 216 2.07% 1.48%
ACE 300  350  14 108 2.21% 1.43%
Total $ 9,000 $ 9,450 $ 89 $ 427   
__________
(a)Excludes $545 million and $480 million in bilateral credit facilities at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $159 million and $179
million in credit facilities for project finance at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These credit facilities do not back Generation's
commercial paper program.
(b)At December 31, 2018, excludes $135 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd,
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE with aggregate commitments of $49 million, $33 million, $34 million, $5 million, $5 million, $5 million and $5
million, respectively. These facilities expire on October 11, 2019. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. At December 31,
2017, excludes $128 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL and ACE with aggregate commitments of $49 million, $34 million, $34 million, $5 million, $2 million, $2 million, and $2 million,
respectively.
(c)Pepco, DPL and ACE's revolving credit facility is subject to available borrowing capacity. The borrowing capacity may be increased or decreased
during the term of the facility, except that (i) the sum of the borrowing capacity must equal the total amount of the facility, and (ii) the aggregate
amount of credit used at any given time by each of Pepco, DPL or ACE may not exceed $900 million or the maximum amount of short-term debt
the company is permitted to have outstanding by its regulatory authorities. The total number of the borrowing reallocations may not exceed eight
per year during the term of the facility.
In order to maintain their respective commercial paper programs in the amounts indicated abov e, each Registrant must have credit
facilities in place, at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper program. While the amount of outstanding commercial paper
does not reduce available capacity under a Registrant’ s credit facility , a Registrant does not issue  commercial paper in an aggregate
amount exceeding the then available capacity under its credit facility .
361
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
At December 31, 2018 , the Registrants had the following aggregate bank commitments, credit facility borrowings and available
capacity under their respective credit facilities:
      Available Capacity at December 31,
2018
Borrower Facility Type  Aggregate Bank
Commitment(a) Facility DrawsOutstanding
Letters of Credit ActualTo Support
Additional
Commercial
Paper(b)
Exelon
Corporate Syndicated Revolver  $ 600 $ — $ 9$ 591 $ 591
Generation Syndicated Revolver  5,300 — 1,203 4,097 4,097
Generation Bilaterals  545 — 353 192 —
Generation Project Finance  159 — 119 40 —
ComEd Syndicated Revolver  1,000 — 2 998 998
PECO Syndicated Revolver  600 — — 600 600
BGE Syndicated Revolver  600 — 1 599 564
Pepco Syndicated Revolver  300 — 8 292 252
DPL Syndicated Revolver  300 — 1 299 299
ACE Syndicated Revolver  300 — — 300 286
Total   $ 9,704 $ — $ 1,696 $ 8,008 $ 7,687
__________
(a)Excludes $135 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL
and ACE with aggregate commitments of $49 million, $33 million, $34 million, $5 million, $5 million, $5 million and $5 million, respectively. These
facilities expire on October 11, 2019. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. As of December 31, 2018, letters of credit issued
under these facilities totaled $5 million and $2 million for Generation and BGE, respectively.
362
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following tables present the short-term borrowings activity for Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and
ACE during 2018 , 2017  and 2016 .
Exelon    
 2018  2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 531  $ 823  $ 1,125
Maximum borrowings outstanding 1,237  2,147  3,076
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.21% 1.32% 0.88%
Average interest rates, at December 31 2.15% 1.24% 1.12%
    
Generation    
 2018  2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 37  $ 405  $ 536
Maximum borrowings outstanding 583  1,455  1,735
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 1.96% 1.23% 0.94%
Average interest rates, at December 31 1.96% 1.23% 1.14%
ComEd    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 154 $ 200  $ 256
Maximum borrowings outstanding 520 470  755
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.14% 1.24% 0.77%
Average interest rates, at December 31 2.14% 1.24% N/A
    
PECO    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 68 $ 2  $ —
Maximum borrowings outstanding 350 60  —
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.24% 1.13% N/A
Average interest rates, at December 31 2.24% 1.13% N/A
    
BGE    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 65 $ 54  $ 143
Maximum borrowings outstanding 239 165  369
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.18% 1.28% 0.77%
Average interest rates, computed at December 31 2.18% 1.28% 0.95%
    
363
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
PHI Corporate    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings N/A N/A  $ 153
Maximum borrowings outstanding N/A N/A  559
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis N/A N/A  1.03%
Average interest rates, computed at December 31 N/A N/A  N/A
    
Pepco    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 22 $ 51  $ 4
Maximum borrowings outstanding 90 197  73
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.24% 1.06% 0.71%
Average interest rates, computed at December 31 2.24% 1.06% 0.90%
    
DPL    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 87 $ 40  $ 33
Maximum borrowings outstanding 245 216  116
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.07% 1.48% 0.68%
Average interest rates, computed at December 31 2.07% 1.48% N/A
    
ACE    
 2018 2017  2016
Average borrowings $ 95 $ 30  $ —
Maximum borrowings outstanding 210 133  5
Average interest rates, computed on a daily basis 2.21% 1.43% 0.65%
Average interest rates, computed at December 31 2.21% 1.43% N/A
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On January 13, 2016, PHI entered into a $500 million term loan agreement, which was amended on March 28, 2016. The net
proceeds of the loan were used to repay PHI's outstanding commercial paper , and for general corporate purposes. Pursuant to the
loan agreem ent, as amended, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 1%, and all indebtedness
thereunder is unsecured. On March 23, 2017, the aggregate principal amount of all loans, together with any accrued but unpaid
interest due under the loan agreement was fully repaid and the loan terminated.  On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into
a similar type term loan for $500 million  which expired on March 22, 2018.  The loan agreement was renewed on March 22, 2018
and will expire on March  21, 2019. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to
LIBOR plus 1% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon's Consolidated Balance
Sheet within Short-T erm borrowings.
On May 23, 2018, ACE entered into two term loan agreements in the aggregate amount of $125 million , which expire on May 22,
2019. Pursuant to the term loan agreements, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.55%  and
all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured.
Credit Agreements
On January 5, 2016, Generation entered into a credit agreement establishing a $150 million bilate ral credit facility . On January 4,
2019, the credit agreement was amended to extend its maturity from January 2019 to April 2021.
364
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
This facility will solely be utilized by Generation  to issue lines of credit. This facility does not back Generation's commercial paper
program.
On April 1, 2016, the credit agreement for CEN G's $100 million  bilateral credit facility was amended to increase  the overall facility
size to $200 million , scheduled to mature in October of 2019. This facility is utilized by CENG to fund working capital and capital
projects. The facility does not back Generation's commercial paper program.
On May 26, 2016, Exelon Corporate, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE entered into amendments to each of their respective
syndicated revolving credit facilities, which extended the maturity of each of the facilities to May 26, 2021. Exelon Corporate also
increased the size of its facility from $500 million  to $600 million . On May 26, 2016, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE entered into an
amendment to their Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011, which (i) extended the maturity
date of the facility to May 26, 2021, (ii) removed  PHI as a borrower under the facility , (iii) decreased the size of the facility from $1.5
billion  to $900 million  and (iv) aligned its financial covenant from debt to capitalization leverage ratio to interest coverage ratio. On
May 26, 2018, each of the Registrants' respectiv e syndicated revolving credit facilities had their maturity dates extended to May 26,
2023.
On January 9, 2017, the credit agreement for Generation's $75 million  bilateral credit facility was amended and restated to increase
the facility size to $100 million. On January  4, 2019, the credit agreement was amended to extend its maturity from January 2019 to
March 2021. This facility will solely be used by Generation to issue letters of credit.
On March 15, 2018, the credit agreement for a Generation bilateral credit facility of $30 million  was amended to increa se the overall
facility size to $95 million , scheduled to mature in March of 2020. This facility will solely be used by Generation to issue letters of
credit.
Borrowings under Exelon Corporate’ s, Gener ation’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's revolving credit
agreements bear interest at a rate based upon either the prime rate or a LIBOR-based rate, plus an adder based upon the particular
Registrant’ s credit rating. The adders for the prime based borrowings and LIBOR-based borrowings are presented in the following
table:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  Pepco DPL  ACE
Prime based borrowings 27.5  27.5 7.5 — — 7.5 7.5 7.5
LIBOR-based borrowings 127.5  127.5 107.5  90.0 100.0  107.5 107.5  107.5
The maximu m adders for prime rate borrowing s and LIBOR-based rate borrowings are 90 basis points and 165 basis points,
respectively . The credit agreements also require the borrower to pay a facility fee based upon the aggregate commitments. The fee
varies depending upon the respective credit ratings of the borrower .
Each revolving credit agreement for Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE requires the affected borrower
to maintain a minimum cash from operations to interest expense ratio for the twelve-month period ended on the last day of any
quarter . The following table summarizes the minimum thresholds reflected in the credit agreements for the year ended December 31,
2018 :
 Exelon   Generation  ComEd   PECO   BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Credit agreement
threshold 2.50 to 1 3.00 to 1 2.00 to 1 2.00 to 1 2.00 to 1 2.00 to 1 2.00 to 1 2.00 to 1
At December 31, 2018 , the interest coverage ratios at the Registrants were as follows:
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO  BGE Pepco  DPL  ACE
Interest coverage ratio 7.34  10.99  7.34 8.14  9.77 5.98  7.03  5.06
An event of default under Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO or BGE's indebtedness will not constitute an event of default under
any of the others’  credit facilities, except that a bankruptcy or other event of default in the payment of principal, premium or
indebtedness in principal amount in excess of $100 million  in the aggregate by Generation
365
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
will constitute an event  of default under the Exelon Corporate credit facility . An event of default under Pepco, DPL or ACE's
indebtedness will not constitute an event of default with respect to the other PHI Utilities under the PHI Utilities' combined credit
facility .
The absence of a material adverse change in Exelon's or PHI’s business, property , results of operations or financial condition is not
a cond ition to the availability of credit under any of the borrowers' credit agreement. None of the credit agreements include any
rating triggers.
Variable Rate Demand Bonds
DPL has outstanding obligations in respect of Variable Rate Demand Bonds (VRDB). VRDB s are subject to repayment on the
demand of the holders and, for this reason, are accounted for as short-term debt in accord ance with GAAP . However , bonds
submitted for purchase are remarketed by a remarketing agent on a best efforts basis. PHI expects that any bonds submitted for
purchase will be remarketed successfully due to the creditworthiness of the issuer and, as applicable, the credit support, and
because the remarketing resets the interest rate to the then-current market rate. The bonds may be converted to a fixed-rate, fixed-
term option to establish a maturity which corresp onds to the date of final maturity of the bonds. On this basis, PHI views VRDBs as a
source of long-term financing. As of both December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , $79 million  in variable rate demand bonds
issued by DPL were outstanding and are included in the Long-term debt due within one year in Exelon's, PHI's and DPL's
Consolidated Balance Sheet.
366
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Long-T erm Debt 
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt at the Registrants as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
Exelon
    
Maturity
Date  December 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt      
First mortgage bonds(a)1.70%- 7.90% 2019 - 2048  16,496  15,197
Senior unsecured notes 2.45%- 7.60% 2019 - 2046  11,285  11,285
Unsecured notes 2.40%- 6.35% 2021 - 2048  2,900  2,600
Pollution control notes 2.50%- 2.70% 2025 - 2036  435  435
Nuclear fuel procurement contracts  3.15% 2020  39 82
Notes payable and other(b)(c)2.85%- 8.88% 2019 - 2053  188  405
Junior subordinated notes  3.50% 2022  1,150  1,150
Long-term software licensing agreement  3.95% 2024  73 79
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.74%- 5.40%— 2024 - 2031  112  112
Medium-T erms Notes (unsecured) 7.61%- 7.72% 2019 - 2027  22 26
Transition bonds  5.55% 2023  59 90
Loan Agreement  2.00% 2023  50 —
Nonrecourse debt:      
     Fixed rates 2.29%- 6.00% 2031 - 2037  1,253  1,331
     Variable rates(f)  5.81% 2019 - 2024  849  865
Total long-term debt    34,911  33,657
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net    (66) (57)
Unamortized debt issuance costs    (216) (201)
Fair value adjustment    795  865
Long-term debt due within one year(e)    (1,349 ) (2,088 )
Long-term debt    $34,075  $32,176
Long-term debt to financing trusts(d)      
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III  6.35% 2033  $ 206  $ 206
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 7.38%- 7.50% 2028  81 81
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV  5.75% 2033  103  103
Total long-term debt to financing trusts    390  390
Unamortized debt issuance costs    — (1)
Long-term debt to financing trusts    $ 390  $ 389
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets other than expressly excepted property and substantially all of PECO’s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's assets
are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)Includes capital lease obligations of $36 million and $53 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Lease payments of $21 million,
$5 million, $1 million, $1 million, less than $1 million, and $8 million will be made in 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and thereafter, respectively.
(c)Includes financing related to Albany Green Energy, LLC (AGE). During the third quarter of 2017, Generation retired $228 million of its
outstanding debt balance.
(d)Amounts owed to these financing trusts are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(e)In January 2019, $300 million of ComEd long-term debt due within one year was paid in full.
(f)Excludes interest on CEU Upstream nonrecourse debt, see discussion below.
367
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt        
Senior unsecured notes 2.95%- 7.60% 2019 - 2042 $ 6,019  $ 6,019
Pollution control notes 2.50%- 2.70% 2025 - 2036 435  435
Nuclear fuel procurement contracts  3.15% 2020 39 82
Notes payable and other(a)(b)2.85%- 7.83% 2019 - 2024 164  223
Nonrecourse debt:        
Fixed rates 2.29%- 6.00% 2031 - 2037 1,253  1,331
Variable rates(c) 5.81% 2019 - 2024 849  865
Total long-term debt      8,759  8,955
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      (6) (8)
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (51) (60)
Fair value adjustment      91 103
Long-term debt due within one year      (906) (346)
Long-term debt      $ 7,887  $ 8,644
__________
(a)Includes Generation’s capital lease obligations of $14 million and $18 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Generation will
make lease payments of $7 million, $5 million, $1 million, and $1 million in 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. Lease payments of less
than $1 million annually will be made from 2023 through expiration of the final capital lease in 2024.
(b)Includes financing related to Albany Green Energy, LLC (AGE). During the third quarter of 2017, Generation retired $228 million of its
outstanding debt balance.
(c)Excludes interest on CEU Upstream nonrecourse debt, see discussion below.
368
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
ComEd
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt       
First mortgage bonds(a)2.15%- 6.45% 2019 - 2048 $ 8,179  $ 7,529
Notes payable and other(b)  7.49% 2053 8 147
Total long-term debt     8,187  7,676
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net     (23) (23)
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (63) (52)
Long-term debt due within one year(d)    (300) (840)
Long-term debt     $ 7,801  $ 6,761
Long-term debt to financing trust(c)       
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III   6.35% 2033 $ 206  $ 206
Total long-term debt to financing trusts     206  206
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (1) (1)
Long-term debt to financing trusts     $ 205  $ 205
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets, other than expressly excepted property, are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Includes ComEd’s capital lease obligations of $8 million at both December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Lease payments of less than $1
million annually will be made from 2019 through expiration at 2053.
(c)Amount owed to this financing trust is recorded as Long-term debt to financing trust within ComEd’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(d)In January 2019, the $300 million balance was paid in full.
PECO
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt       
First mortgage bonds(a)1.70%- 5.95% 2021 - 2048 $ 3,075  $ 2,925
Loan Agreement   2.00% 2023 50 0
Total long-term debt     3,125  2,925
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net     (18) (5)
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (23) (17)
Long-term debt due within one year     — (500)
Long-term debt     $ 3,084  $ 2,403
Long-term debt to financing trusts(b)       
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 7.38%- 7.50% 2028 $ 81 $ 81
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV   5.75% 2033 103  103
Long-term debt to financing trusts     $ 184  $ 184
__________
(a)Substantially all of PECO’s assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amounts owed to this financing trust are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within PECO’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
369
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
BGE
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt        
Unsecured notes 2.40%- 6.35% 2021 - 2048 2,900  2,600
Total long-term debt      2,900  2,600
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      (6) (6)
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (18) (17)
Long-term debt      $ 2,876  $ 2,577
PHI
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt        
First mortgage bonds(a)1.81%- 7.90% 2021 - 2048 $ 5,242  $ 4,743
Senior unsecured notes  7.45% 2032 185  185
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.74%- 5.40% 2024 - 2031 112  112
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.61%- 7.72% 2019 - 2027 22 26
Transition bonds(b)5.55% 2023 59 90
Notes payable and other (c) 7.28%- 8.88% 2019 - 2022 16 33
Total long-term debt      5,636 5,189
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      4 5
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (14) (6)
Fair value adjustment      633  686
Long-term debt due within one year      (125) (396)
Long-term debt      $ 6,134 $ 5,478
__________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
(b)Transition bonds are recorded as part of Long-term debt within ACE's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(c)Includes Pepco's capital lease obligations of $14 million and $27 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
370
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Pepco
   
Maturity
Date  December 31,
 Rates 2018  2017
Long-term debt     
First mortgage bonds(a)3.05%- 7.90% 2022 - 2048  $2,735  $2,535
Notes payable and other(b)7.28%- 8.88% 2019 - 2022  16 35
Total long-term debt    2,751 2,570
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net    2 2
Unamortized debt issuance costs    (34) (32)
Long-term debt due within one year    (15) (19)
Long-term debt    $2,704 $2,521
__________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
(b)Includes capital lease obligations of $14 million and $27 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Lease payments of $14 million
will be made in 2019.
DPL
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt        
First mortgage bonds(a) 1.81%- 4.27% 2023 - 2048 $ 1,370  $ 1,171
Unsecured Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.74%- 5.40% 2024 - 2031 112  112
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.61%- 7.72% 2019 - 2027 22 26
Total long-term debt      1,504 1,309
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      2 2
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (12) (11)
Long-term debt due within one year      (91) (83)
Long-term debt      $ 1,403 $ 1,217
__________
(a)Substantially all of DPL's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
ACE
     
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates  2018  2017
Long-term debt        
First mortgage bonds(a) 3.38%- 6.80% 2021 - 2036 $ 1,137  $ 1,037
Transition bonds(b)  5.55% 2023 59 90
Total long-term debt      1,196 1,127
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net      (1) (1)
Unamortized debt issuance costs      (7) (5)
Long-term debt due within one year      (18) (281)
Long-term debt      $ 1,170 $ 840
__________
(a)Substantially all of ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its respective mortgage indenture.
(b)Maturities of ACE's Transition Bonds outstanding at December 31, 2018 are $18 million in 2019, $20 million in 2020 and $21 million in 2021.
371
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Long-term debt maturities at Exelon, Generation , ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE in the periods 2019  throug h 2023
and thereafter are as follows:
Year Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL  ACE
2019 $1,349  $ 906 $ 300 $ — $ — $ 125 $ 15 $ 91 $ 18
2020 3,528  2,108 500 — — 20 — — 20
2021 1,511  1 350 300 300  261 1 — 260
2022 3,084  1,024 — 350 250  310 310 — —
2023 850  — — 50 300  500 — 500  —
Thereafter 24,979(a)  4,720 7,243(b) 2,609(c) 2,050  4,420 2,425 913  898
Total $35,301  $ 8,759 $8,393 $3,309 $2,900 $5,636 $2,751 $1,504 $1,196
__________
(a)Includes $390 million due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Includes $206 million due to ComEd financing trust.
(c)Includes $184 million due to PECO financing trusts.
Junior Subordinated Notes
In June 2014, Exelon issued $1.15 billion  of junior subordinated notes in the form of 23 million equity units at a stated amount of
$50.00  per unit. Each equity unit represented an undivided beneficial ownership interest in Exelon’ s $1.15 billion  of 2.50%  junior
subordinated notes due in 2024 (“2024 notes”) and a forward equity purchase contract.   As contemplated in the June 2014 equity
unit structure, in April 2017, Exelon completed the remarketing of the 2024 notes into $1.15 billion  of 3.497%  junior subo rdinated
notes due in 2022 (“Rem arketing”).  Exelon conducted the Remarketing on behalf of the holders  of equity units and did not directly
receive any proceeds therefrom. Instead, the former holders of the 2024 notes used debt remarketing proceeds towards settling the
forward equity purchase contract with Exelon on June 1, 2017. Exelon issued approximately 33 million  shares of common stock from
treasury stock and received $1.15 billion  upon settle ment of the forward equity purchase contract. When reissuing treasury stock
Exelon uses the average  price paid to repurchase shares to calculate a gain or loss on issuance and records gains or losses directly
to retained earnings. A loss on reissuance of treasury shares of $1.05 billion  was recorded to retaine d earnings as of December 31,
2017. See Note 20 — Earnings Per Share  for additional information on the issuance of common stock.
Nonrecourse Debt 
Exelon and Generation have issued nonrecourse debt financing, in which approximately $2.9 billion of generatin g assets have been
pledged as collateral at December 31, 2018 . Borrowings  under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each
respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon or Generation in the event of a default. If a specific project
financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific nonrecourse debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement
to accelerate  repayment of the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. In these instances, if such
repayment was not satisfied, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific
assets and related collateral. The potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise
anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly
before the end of their useful lives.
Denver Airport.  In June 2011, Generation entered into a 20-year , $7 million  solar loan agreement to finance a solar construction
project in Denver , Colorado. The agreement is scheduled to mature on June 30, 2031. The agreement bears interest at a fixed rate
of 5.50%  annually with interest payable annually . As of December 31, 2018 , $6 million  was outstanding.
CEU Upstre am. In July 2011, CEU Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Generation, entered into a 5-year reserve based
lending agreement (RBL) associated with certain Upstream oil and gas properties. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon
or Generatio n in the event of default pursuant to the RBL. Borrowings under this arrangement are secured by the assets and equity
of CEU Holdings.
In December 2016, subs tantially all of the Upstream natural gas and oil exploration and producti on assets were sold for $37 million .
The proceeds were used to reduce the debt balance by $31 million . The remaining proceeds
372
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
of $6 million were being  held in escrow . In addition, during 2016, $15 million of the debt was repaid using CEU Holding’ s cash,
resulting in an outstanding debt balance of $22 million at December 31, 2016. During 2017, additional assets were sold for $1 million
and the remaining $6 million  in escrow was released and applied to the debt balance resulting in an outstanding amount of $15
million  at Decembe r 31, 2017. Upon final resolution, CEU Holdings will be released of its obligations regardless of the amount of
asset sale proceeds received. The ultimate resolution of this matter has no direct effect on any Exelon or Generation credit facilities
or other debt of an Exelo n entity . At December 31, 2018 , the outstanding debt balance of $15 million  was classified within Long term
debt due within one year in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and
Dispositions  and Note 7 — Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangibles  for additional information.
Holyoke Solar Cooper ative. In October 2011, Gener ation entered into a 20-year , $11 million solar loan agreement related to a
solar construction project in Holyoke, Massachusetts. The agreement is scheduled to mature on December 2031. The agreement
bears interest at a fixed rate of 5.25%  annually with interest payable monthly . As of December 31, 2018 , $8 million  was outstanding.
Antelope Valley Solar Ranch One.    In December 2011, the DOE Loan Programs Office issued a guarantee for up to $646 million
for a nonrecourse loan from the Federal Financing Bank to support the financing of the construction of the Antelope Valley facility .
The project became fully operational in 2014. The loan will mature on January 5, 2037. Interest rates on the loan were fixed upon
each advanc e at a spread of 37.5 basis points above U.S. Treasuries of compara ble maturity . The advances were completed as of
December 31, 2015 and the outstanding loan balance will bear interest at an average blended interest rate of 2.82% . As of
December 31, 2018 , $508 million  was outstanding. In addition, Generation has issued letters of credit to support its equity
investment in the project . As of December 31, 2018 , Generation had $38 million  in letters of credit outsta nding related to the project.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Antelope Valley were also contributed to and are pledged as collateral for the EGR IV financing
structure referenced below .
Continental Wind.    In September 2013, Continental Wind, LLC (Continental Wind), an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and
Generation, completed the issuance and sale of $613 million  senior secured notes. Continental Wind owns and operates a portfolio
of wind farms in Idaho, Kansas, Michigan, Oreg on, New Mexico and Texas with a total net capacity of 667MW. The net proceeds
were distributed to Generation for its general business purposes. The notes are scheduled to mature on February 28, 2033. The
notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.00%  with interes t payable semi-annually . As of December 31, 2018 , $479 million  was
outstanding.
In addition, Continental Wind entered into a $131 million  letter  of credit facility and $10 million worki ng capital revolver facility .
Continental Wind has issued letters of credit to satisfy certain of its credit support and security obligations. As of December 31, 2018 ,
the Continental Wind letter of credit facility had $114 million  in letters of credit outstanding related to the project.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Continental Wind were contributed to EGRP . Refer to Note 2 - V ariable Interest Entities for
additional information on EGRP .
ExGen Texas Power .    In September 2014, EGTP , an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, issued $675 million  aggregate
principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured term loan. The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for general business
purposes. The loan was scheduled to mature on September 18, 2021. In addition to the financing, EGTP  entered into various
interest rate swaps with an initial notional amoun t of approximately $505 million  at an interest rate of 2.34%  to hedge a portion of the
interest rate exposure in connection with this financing, as required by the debt covenants.
On May 2, 2017, as a result of the negative impa cts of certain market conditions and the seasona lity of its cash flows, EGTP  entered
into a conse nt agreemen t with its lenders, which permitted EGTP  to draw on its revolving credit facility and initiate an orderly sales
process of its assets. On November 7, 2017, the debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United
States Code  in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. As a result, Exelon and Generation deconsolidated
the nonreco urse senior secured term loan, the revolving credit facility , and the interest rate swaps from their consolidated financial
statements as of Decem ber 31, 2017. Due to their nonrecourse nature, these borrowings are secured solely by the assets of EGTP
and its subsidiaries.
373
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The Chapter 11 bankrup tcy proceedings were finalized on April 17, 2018, resulting in the owners hip of EGTP  assets (other than the
Handley Generating Station) being transferred to EGTP's lenders. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for
additional information on EGTP .
Renewable Power Generation.    In March 2016, RPG, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, issued $150 million
aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured notes.  The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for paydown of
long term debt obligation s at Sacramento PV Energy and Constellation Solar Horizons and for general business purposes.  The loan
is scheduled to mature on March 31, 2035.  The term loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.11%  payab le semi-annually .  As of
December 31, 2018 , $115 million  was outstanding.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Renewable Power Generation were contributed to EGRP . Refer to Note 2 - Variable interest
Entities for additional information on EGRP .
SolGen.     In September 2016, SolGen, LLC (SolGen ), an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, issued $150 million
aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured notes.  The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for general
business purposes.  The loan is scheduled to mature on September 30, 2036.  The term loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.93%
payable semi-annually .  As of December 31, 2018 , $137 million  was outstanding. In 2017, Generation’ s interests in SolGen were
also contributed to and are pledged as collateral for the EGR IV financing structure referenced below .
ExGen Renewables IV.    In Novem ber 2017, EGR IV, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, entered into an $850 million
nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility agreement. Generation’ s interests in EGRP , Antelope Valley, SolGen, and
Albany Gree n Energy were all contributed to and are pledged as collateral for this financing. The net proceeds of $785 million , after
the initial funding of $50 million  for debt service and liquidity reserves as well as deductions for original discount and estimated costs,
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the execution and delivery of the credit facility agreement, were distributed to
Generation for general corporate purposes. The $50 million of debt service and liquidity reserves was treated as restricted cash in
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The loan is scheduled to
mature on November 28, 2024. The term loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR + 3%, subject to a 1% LIBOR floor
with interest  payable quarterly . As of December 31, 2018 , $834 million  was outstanding. In addition to the financing, EGR IV entered
into interest rate swaps with an initial notional amount of $636 million at an interest rate of 2.32%  to manage a portion of the interest
rate exposure in connection with the financing. See  Note 2 - V ariable interest Entities for additional information on EGRP .
14. Income T axes  (All Registrants)
Corporate T ax Reform (All Registrants)
On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed the TCJA  into law. The TCJA  makes many  significant changes to the Internal
Revenue Code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; (2) creating  a 30%
limitation on deductible interest expense (not applicable to regulated utilities); (3) allowing 100%  expensing for the cost of qualified
property (not applicable to regulated utilities); (4) eliminating the domestic production activities deduction; (5) eliminating the
corporate alternative minimum tax and changing how existing alternative minimum tax credits  can be realized; and (6) changing
rules related to uses and limitations of net operating loss carryforwards created in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. The
most signific ant change that impacts the Registrants is the reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%
beginning January 1, 2018.
Pursuant to the enactment of the TCJA, the Registrants remeasured their existing deferred incom e tax balances as of December 31,
2017 to reflect the decrease in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, which  resulted in a material decrease to their net
deferred income tax liability balances as shown in the table below . Generation recorded a corresponding net decrease to income tax
expense, while the Utility Registrants recorded corresponding regulatory liabilities or assets to the extent such amounts are probable
of settlement or recover y through customer rates and an adjustment to income tax expense for all other amounts. The amount and
timing of potential settle ments of the establishe d net regulatory liabilities are determined by the Utility Registrants’  respective rate
regulators, subject to certain IRS “normalization” rules. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding
settlements for passing back of TCJA  income tax savings benefits to customers.
374
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The Registra nts assesse d the applicable provisio ns in the TCJA  and recorded the associated impacts as of December 31, 2017. The
Registrants recorded provisional income tax amounts as of December 31, 2017, as allowed under SAB 118 issued by the SEC in
December 2017, for changes pursuant to the TCJA  related to depreciation because the impacts could not be finalized upon issuance
of the Registrants’  financial statements, but for which reasonable estimates could be determined.
On August 3, 2018, the U.S. Department of Treasury , in conjunction with the IRS, released proposed regulations clarifying the
immediate expensing provisions enacted by the TCJA, specifically that regulated utility property acquired after September 27, 2017,
and placed in service by December 31, 2017, qualifies for 100%  expensing. Until the proposed regulations are finalized, taxpayers
may rely on the propose d regulations for tax years ending after September 28, 2017. The Registra nts recorded the impact of these
proposed regulations and the adjustment was immaterial.
While the Registrants have recorded the impa cts of the TCJA  based on their interpretation of the provisions as enacted, it is
expected the U.S. Department of Treasury and the IRS will issue additional interpretative guida nce in the future that could result in
changes to previously finalized provisions. At this time, many of the states in which Exelon does business have issued guidance
regarding TCJA  and the impact was not material.
The one-tim e impacts recorded by the Registrants to remeasure their deferred income tax balances at the 21% corporate federal
income tax rate as of December 31, 2017 are presented below:
      Successor    
 Exelon(b) Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net Decrease to
Deferred Income Tax
Liability Balances
$8,624  $1,895 $2,819  $1,407 $1,120  $1,944 $968  $540  $456
        Successor   
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO(c) BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net Regulatory Liability
Recorded(a)$7,315  N/A $2,818  $1,394 $1,124  $1,979 $976  $545 $458
      Successor  
 Exelon(b) Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net Deferred Income Tax
Benefit/(Expense)
Recorded $1,309 $1,895  $1 $13 $(4)  $(35) $(8)  $(5) $(2)
__________
(a)Reflects the net regulatory liabilities recorded on a pre-tax basis before taking into consideration the income tax benefits associated with the
ultimate settlement with customers.
(b)Amounts do not sum across due to deferred tax adjustments recorded at the Exelon Corporation parent company, primarily related to certain
employee compensation plans.
(c)Given the regulatory treatment of income tax benefits related to electric and gas distribution repairs, PECO remained in an overall net regulatory
asset position as of December 31, 2017 after recording the impacts related to the TCJA.
The net regulatory liabili ties above include (1) amounts subject to IRS “normalization” rules that are required to be passed back to
customers generally over the remaining useful life of the underlying assets giving rise to the associated deferred income taxes, and
(2) amounts for which the timing of settlement with customers is subject to determinations by the rate regulators. The table below
sets forth the Registrant s’ estimated categorization of their net regulatory liabilities as of December 31, 2017. The amounts in the
table below are shown on an after-tax basis reflecting future net cash outflows after taking into consideration the income tax benefits
associated with the ultimate settlement with customers.
375
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
      Successor  
 Exelon ComEd PECO(a) BGE PHI PEPCO DPL ACE
Subject to IRS Normalization Rules $3,040  $1,400  $533 $459  $648 $299  $195 $153
Subject to Rate Regulator Determination 1,694  573  43 324  754 391  194 170
Net Regulatory Liabilities $4,734  $1,973  $576 $783  $1,402 $690  $389 $323
_________
(a)Given the regulatory treatment of income tax benefits related to electric and gas distribution repairs, PECO was in an overall net regulatory
asset position as of December 31, 2017 after recording the impacts related to the TCJA. As a result, the amount of customer benefits resulting
from the TCJA subject to the discretion of PECO's rate regulators are lower relative to the other Utility Registrants.
The net regulatory liability amounts subject to the IRS normalization rules generally relate to property , plant and equipment with
remaining useful lives ranging from 30 to 40 years across the Utility Registrants.  For the other amounts, rate regulators could
require the passing back of amounts to customers over shorter time frames. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters for additional
information.
Components of Income T ax Expense or Benefit
Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations is comprised of the following components:
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018  
      Successor   
  Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:         
Federal         
Current $ 226  $ 337 $(63)$ 11 $ (5) $ (4) $ 28 $ (3)$ (14)
Deferred (98) (347) 145 10 47 24 (21) 13 18
Investment tax credit
amortization (24) (21) (2) — — (1) — — —
State         
Current (1) 6 (29) 1 — 7 — — —
Deferred 17 (83) 117 (16) 32 9 6 12 8
Total $ 120  $ (108)$168 $ 6 $ 74 $ 35 $ 13 $ 22 $ 12
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017(a)
        Successor  
  Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:           
Federal           
Current $ 194 $ 584 $(191) $ 71 $ 74 $ (60)$(20)$(24)$ (12)
Deferred (471) (2,005 ) 523  28 101  250 114 82 34
Investment tax credit
amortization (25) (21) (2) — (1) (1) — — —
State           
Current 14 65 (49) 14 (5) (4) (2) — —
Deferred 162 1 136  (9) 49 32 13 13 4
Total $(126)$ (1,376 )$417  $104  $218  $ 217 $105 $ 71 $ 26
376
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
         Successor Predecessor
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2016(a)  March 24, 2016
to December
31, 2016 January 1, 2016
to March 23,
2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI  PHI
Included in operations:           
Federal           
Current $ 60 $ 513  $(135)$63 $51 $(118) $(88)$(26) $ (281) $ —
Deferred 600  (254) 379 72 88 136  97 22 283  10
Investment tax credit
amortization (24) (20) (2) — (1) — — — (1) —
State          
Current 39 45 (4) 9 5 7 1 — (11) —
Deferred 78 (2) 63 5 31 16 12 — 13 7
Total $753  $ 282  $301 $149 $174 $41 $22 $(4) $ 3 $ 17
__________
(a)Exelon retrospectively adopted the new standard Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard was adopted as of January 1, 2018.
Components of income tax expense or benefit are recast to reflect the impact of the new standard.
Rate Reconciliation
The ef fective income tax rate from continuing operations varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate principally due to the following:
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
     Successor  
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. Federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:       
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 0.6 (16.6 ) 8.3 (2.6) 6.6 3.0 2.2 6.7  7.4
Qualified NDT fund income (1.9) (11.8 ) — — — — — —  —
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis difference (1.2) (6.5) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) (0.4)
Plant basis differences (3.5) — (0.2) (14.1 ) (1.3) (1.6) (2.7) (0.3) (0.5)
Production tax credits and other
credits (2.2) (13.5 ) — — — — — —  —
Noncontrolling interests (1.0) (6.1) — — — — — —  —
Excess deferred tax
amortization (8.3) — (9.1) (3.2) (8.0) (14.5 ) (14.8 ) (12.0 ) (14.9 )
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 0.9 2.7 (0.1) — — 0.1 — —  —
Other 1.0 1.3 0.5 0.3 0.9 0.3 0.2 0.4  1.2
Effective income tax rate 5.4 % (29.5 )% 20.2 % 1.3 % 19.1 % 8.1 % 5.8 % 15.5 % 13.8 %
377
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017(a)
     Successor   
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. Federal statutory rate 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:         
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 2.3  2.9  5.7 0.6 5.4 4.8 3.2  5.4  5.6
Qualified NDT fund income 3.8  9.9  — — — — —  —  —
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis difference (0.9) (2.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.2) (0.4)
Plant basis differences(b) (1.7) —  0.3 (13.8 ) 0.1 1.1 (0.4) 2.0  3.6
Production tax credits and other
credits (1.8) (4.7) — — — — —  —  —
Like-kind exchange (1.2) —  1.3 — — — —  —  —
Merger expenses (3.6) (1.2) — — — (9.5) (6.3) (7.8) (19.8 )
FitzPatrick bargain purchase
gain (2.2) (5.6) — — — — —  —  —
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017(c) (33.1 ) (128.3 ) 0.1 (2.3) 0.9 6.4 2.7  2.5  1.6
Other 0.1  (0.5) 0.2 (0.1) 0.2 (0.1) (0.2) 0.1  (0.4)
Effective income tax rate (3.3)% (94.6 )% 42.4 % 19.3 % 41.5 % 37.5 % 33.9 % 37.0 % 25.2 %
378
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
       Successor  Predecessor
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2016(a)  March 24,
2016 to
December
31, 2016  January 1,
2016 to March
23, 2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL (d) ACE (d) PHI (d)  PHI
U.S. Federal statutory
rate 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 %  35.0 %
Increase (decrease)
due to:        
State income
taxes, net of
Federal income
tax benefit (e) 3.3 3.2  5.6 1.3 5.0 15.7 52.7  6.2  5.8  11.9
Qualified NDT
fund income 3.4 7.9  — — — — —  —  —  —
Amortization of
investment tax
credit, including
deferred taxes
on basis
difference (1.2) (2.3) (0.3) (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (3.7) 0.8  1.4  (0.9)
Plant basis
differences (4.9) —  (0.6) (9.6) (2.7) (22.8 ) (25.5 ) 10.3  39.0  (13.5 )
Production tax
credits and other
credits (3.6) (8.3) — — — — —  —  —  —
Noncontrolling
interests (0.2) (0.6) — — — — —  —  —  —
Statute of
limitations
expiration (0.4) (1.7) — — — — —  —  —  —
Penalties 1.9 —  4.5 — — — —  —  (0.7)  —
Merger
Expenses 5.6 1.1  — — — 23.5 112.9  (44.9 ) (89.0 )  11.1
Other (f) (0.7) (1.4) 0.1 (1.2) — (1.8) (2.2) 1.3  3.3  3.6
Effective income tax
rate 38.2 % 32.9 % 44.3 % 25.4 % 37.2 % 49.4 % 169.2  % 8.7 % (5.2)%  47.2 %
__________
(a)Exelon retrospectively adopted the new standard Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard was adopted as of January 1, 2018.
The effective income tax rates are recast to reflect the impact of the new standard.
(b)Includes the charges related to the transmission-related income tax regulatory asset for Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE of
$35 million, $3 million, $5 million, $27 million, $14 million, $6 million and $7 million, respectively. See Note 4 - Regulatory Matters for additional
information.
(c)Included are impacts for TCJA other than the corporate rate change, including revisions further limiting tax deductions for compensation of
certain highest paid executives, the write-off of foreign tax credit carryforwards, and loss of a 2015 domestic production activities deduction due
to an NOL carryback.
(d)DPL and ACE recognized a loss before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2016, and PHI recognized a loss before income taxes
for the period of March 24, 2016, through December 31, 2016. As a result, positive percentages represent an income tax benefit for the periods
presented.
(e)Includes a remeasurement of uncertain state income tax positions for Pepco and DPL.
(f)At PECO, includes a cumulative adjustment related to an anticipated gas repairs tax return accounting method change. The method change
request was filed and accepted in 2017. No change to the results recorded as of December 31, 2016.
379
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Tax Differences and Carryforwards
The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards, which give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets
(liabilities), as of December 31, 2018  and 2017  are presented below:
 As of December 31, 2018
       Successor      
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences$(12,533 ) $ (2,495 )$(4,059 ) $(1,862 ) $(1,399 )$(2,577 ) $(1,148 )$(743) $ (645)
Accrual based contracts 117  (44) — — — 161  — — —
Derivatives and other
financial instruments 89 35 69 — — 3 — — —
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 1,435  (188) (255) (26) (26) (102) (78) (46) (14)
Nuclear
decommissioning
activities (351) (351) — — — — — — —
Deferred debt
refinancing costs 234  23 (7) — (3) 187  (4) (2) (1)
Regulatory assets and
liabilities (749) — 300  (129) 172 (90) 58 96 83
Tax loss carryforward 237  78 — 18 25 96 12 52 26
Tax credit carryforward 811  816 — — — — — — —
Investment in
partnerships (797) (775) — — — — — — —
Other, net 934  239 151  67 12 196  98 17 19
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(10,573 ) $ (2,662 )$(3,801 ) $(1,932 ) $(1,219 )$(2,126 )$(1,062 )$(626)$ (532)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (724) (700) (12) (1) (3) (8) (2) (2) (3)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and
unamortized investment tax
credits $(11,297 ) $ (3,362 )$(3,813 ) $(1,933 ) $(1,222 )$(2,134 )$(1,064 )$(628)$ (535)
380
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 As of December 31, 2017 (a)
       Successor   
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences $(12,490 ) $ (2,819 )$ (3,825 )$(1,762 )$(1,368 ) $(2,521 )$(1,152 )$(717)$ (607)
Accrual based contracts 150  (66) — — — 216 — — —
Derivatives and other
financial instruments (85) (66) (2) — — 3 — — —
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 1,463  (205) (285) (15) (29) (130) (78) (51) (18)
Nuclear decommissioning
activities (553) (553) — — — — — — —
Deferred debt refinancing
costs 217  26 (8) (1) (3) 203 (4) (2) (1)
Regulatory assets and
liabilities (688) — 489 (90) 136  (184) 39 88 86
Tax loss carryforward 344  76 33 9 11 156 40 68 35
Tax credit carryforward 861  868 1 — — 6 — — —
Investment in
partnerships (434) (416) — — — — — — —
Other, net 746  78 141 71 13 193 94 14 16
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(10,469 ) $ (3,077 )$ (3,456 )$(1,788 )$(1,240 )$(2,058 )$(1,061 )$(600)$ (489)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (732) (705) (13) (1) (4) (8) (2) (3) (4)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and
unamortized investment tax
credits $(11,201 ) $ (3,782 )$ (3,469 )$(1,789 )$(1,244 )$(2,066 )$(1,063 )$(603)$ (493)
__________
(a)Includes remeasurement impacts related to the TCJA.
381
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table provides the Registrants’  carryforwards and any corresponding valuation allowances as of December 31, 2018 :
           Successor
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Federal            
Federal general business
credits carryforwards 811(a) 816 — — — — — — —
State            
State net operating losses 4,103(b) 1,544(b) — 224(c)  395(d) 1,492(e) 192(f) 772(g) 365(h) 
Deferred taxes on state tax
attributes (net) 272 104 — 18 26 102 12 52 26
Valuation allowance on state
tax attributes 35 26 — — 1 6 — — —
__________
(a)Exelon’s federal general business credit carryforwards will begin expiring in 2033.
(b)Exelon’s and Generation's state net operating losses and credit carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin
expiring in 2019.
(c)PECO's state net operating loss carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin expiring in 2031.
(d)BGE's state net operating loss carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin expiring in 2026.
(e)PHI's state net operating loss carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin expiring in 2036.
(f)Pepco's state net operating loss carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin expiring in 2033.
(g)DPL's state net operating loss carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin expiring in 2030.
(h)ACE's state net operating loss carryforwards, which are presented on a post-apportioned basis, will begin expiring in 2031.
Tabular Reconciliation of Unrecognized T ax Benefits
The following tables provide a reconciliation of the Registrants’  unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 :
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1,
2018 $ 743 $ 468 $ 2 $ — $120 $ 125 $ 59 $ 21 $ 14
Change to positions that only affect timing 15 15 — — — — — — —
Increases based on tax positions prior to
2018 30 21 — — — 8 7 1 —
Decreases based on tax positions prior to
2018 (251) (36) — — (120) (88) (66) (22) —
Decrease from settlements with taxing
authorities (53) (53) — — — — — — —
Decreases from expiration of statute of
limitations (7) (7) — — — — — — —
Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31,
2018 $ 477 $ 408 $ 2 $ — $ — $ 45 $ — $ — $ 14
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1, 2017$ 916 $ 490 $ (12) $ — $120 $ 172 $ 80 $ 37 $ 22
Increases based on tax positions prior to
2017 28 — 14 — — 14 — — 14
Decreases based on tax positions prior to
2017 (196) (17) — — — (61) (21) (16) (22)
Decrease from settlements with taxing
authorities (5) (5) — — — — — — —
Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31,
2017 $ 743 $ 468 $ 2 $ — $120 $ 125 $ 59 $ 21 $ 14
382
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1,
2016 $ 1,078 $ 534 $ 142 $ — $120 $ 22 $ 8 $ 3 $ —
Merger balance transfer 22 5 — — — (5) — — —
Increases based on tax positions related to
2016 108 10 — — — 59 21 16 22
Change to positions that only affect timing (332) (12) (154) — — — — — —
Increases based on tax positions prior to
2016 88 — — — — 96 51 18 —
Decreases based on tax positions prior to
2016 (21) (20) — — — — — — —
Decreases from settlements with taxing
authorities (27) (27) — — — — — — —
Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31,
2016 $ 916 $ 490 $ (12)$ — $120 $ 172 $ 80 $ 37 $ 22
As a result of a court decision issued in July 2018 to an unrelated taxpayer , Exelon's and Generation’ s unrecognized federal and
state tax benefits increa sed in the third quarter of 2018 by approximately $71 million. Appr oximately $20 million of this increase
impacted Exelon's and Generation’ s effective tax rate and resulted in a charge to earnings in the third quarter of 2018. Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s unrecogniz ed federal and state tax benefits decreased in the fourth quarter of 2018  by approximately $90 million  due to
the settlement of a federal audit issue with IRS Appeals. The recognition of these tax benefits  decreased the effective tax rate at
Exelon and Generation resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $9 million . 
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Exelon, Generation, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL decreased their unrecognized state tax benefits by
$241 million , $33 million , $120 million , $88 million , $66 million , and $22 million , respectivel y, due to the receipt of favorable guidance
with respect  to the deductibility of certain deprec iable fixed assets.  The recognition of these tax benefits decreased the effective tax
rate at Exelon and Generation resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $26 million.  The recognition of the tax benefits
related to BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL was offset by corresponding regulatory liabilities and that portion had no immediate impact to
their ef fective tax rate.
Exelon established a liability for an uncertain tax position associated with the tax deductibility of certain merger commitments
incurred by Exelon in connection with the acquis itions of Constellation in 2012 and PHI in 2016. In the first quarter 2017, as a part of
its examination of Exelon's return, the IRS National Office issued guidance concurring with Exelon's position that the merger
commitments were deductible. As a result, Exelon, Generation, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE decreased their liability for unrecognized
tax benefits by $146 million, $19 million, $59 million, $21 million, $16 million and $22 million, respe ctively , in the first quarter of 2017
resulting in a benefit to Income taxes on Exelon's, Generation's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income and corresponding decreases in their ef fective tax rates.
Exelon reduced the liability related to the uncertain tax position associated with the like-kind exchange in the second quarter of 2017.
Unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the effective tax rate
Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PHI have $463 million, $408 million, $2 million and $31 million, respe ctively , of unrecognized tax
benefits at December 31, 2018  that, if recognized, would decrease the effective tax rate. PHI has $21 million  of unrecognized state
tax benefits at December 31, 2018 that, if recogn ized, $14 million  would be in the form of a net operating loss carryforward, which is
expected to require a full valuation allowance based on present circumstances. PHI and ACE have $14 million  of unrecognized tax
benefits at December 31, 2018  that, if recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the
effective tax rate.
Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PHI had $523 million , $461 million , $2 million  and $32 million , respectivel y, of unrecognized tax
benefits at December 31, 2017 that, if recognized, would decrease the effective tax rate. BGE , PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have
$120 million , $94 million , $59 million , $21 million  and $14 million  of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2017 that, if
recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the ef fective tax rate.
383
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Exelon, Generation, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE had $633 million, $483 million, $93 million, $21 million, $16 million, and $22 million,
respectively , of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2016 that, if recognized, would decrea se the effective tax rate. BGE, PHI,
Pepco and DPL had $120 million, $80 million, $59 million, and $21 million of unrecogn ized tax benefits at December 31, 2016 that, if
recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the ef fective tax rate.
Unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect only the timing of tax payments
There are no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2018 that af fect only the timing of tax payments.
Exelon and Generation had $7 million  of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2017 for which the ultimate tax benefit is highly
certain, but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such benefits.
Exelon, Generation and ComEd had $83 million , $7 million  and $(12) million  of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2016 for
which the ultimate tax benefit is highly certain, but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such benefits.
The disallowance of such positions would not materially affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash
to, or defer the receipt of the cash tax benefit from, the taxing authority to an earlier or later period respectively .
Reasonably possible the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within 12
months after the reporting date
Like-Kind Exchange
As of December 31, 2018 , Exelon and ComEd have approximately $33 million  and $2 million , respectively , of unrecognized federal
and state income tax benefits related to the like-kind exchange litigation described further below . If Exelon does not appeal the
October 2018 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit's decision to the U.S. Supre me Court, Exelon's and ComEd's
unrecognized tax benefits will decrease in the first quarter of 2019. See below for further details.
Settlement of Income T ax Audits, Refund Claims, and Litigation
As of December 31, 2018 , Exelon, Generation, PHI and ACE have appro ximately $425 million , $411 million , $14 million , and $14
million  respe ctively , of unrecog nized federal and state  tax benefits that could significantly decrease within the 12 months after the
reporting date as a result of completing audits, potential settlements, refund claims, and the outcomes of pending court cases. Of the
above unrecognized tax benefits, Exelon and Generation have $411 million  that, if recognized, would decrease the effective tax rate.
The unrecog nized tax benefit related to PHI and ACE, if recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would
have no impact to the ef fective tax rate.
Total amounts of interest and penalties recognized
The following tables represent the net interest and penalties receivable (payable), including interest and penalties related to tax
positions reflected in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Net interest receivable (payable) as
of Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2018 $ 236  $ (2)$ 4 $ — $ — $ 1 $ — $ — $ —
December 31, 2017 233  (3) 4 — — 2 — — —
Net penalties payable as of Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2018 $ (17)$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
December 31, 2017 (17) — — — — — — — —
384
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following tables set forth the net interest and penalty expense, including interest and penalties related to tax positions,
recognized in Interest expense, net and Other , net in Other income and deductions in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Net interest expense (income) for the
years ended Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2018 $ (3) $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
December 31, 2017 37 (1) 11 — — — — —
December 31, 2016 165  (13) 117  — — 6 — (1)
Net penalty expense (income)
for the years ended Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL  ACE
December 31, 2018 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
December 31, 2017 (2) — — — — — — —
December 31, 2016 106  — 86 — — — — —
 Successor  Predecessor
PHI December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to March
23, 2016
Net interest expense $ — $ — $ (2) $ —
Description of tax years open to assessment by major jurisdiction
Taxpayer Open Years
Exelon (and predecessors) and subsidiaries consolidated federal income tax returns 1999, 2001-2017
PHI Holdings and subsidiaries consolidated federal income tax returns 2013, 2015-2016
Exelon and subsidiaries Illinois unitary income tax returns 2010-2017
Constellation combined New York corporate income tax returns 2010-March 2012
Exelon combined New York corporate income tax returns
2011-2017
Exelon New Jersey corporate income tax returns 2013-2017
Exelon Pennsylvania corporate net income tax returns 2011-2017
PECO Pennsylvania separate company returns2015-2017
DPL Delaware separate company returns Same as federal
ACE New Jersey separate company returns 2014-2017
Exelon and subsidiaries District of Columbia corporate income tax returns 2015-2017
PHI Holdings and subsidiaries District of Columbia corporate income tax returns 2015-2016
Various separate company Maryland corporate net income tax returns Same as federal
Other T ax Matters
Like-Kind Exchange
Exelon, through its Com Ed subsidiary , took a position on its 1999 income tax return to defer approximately $1.2 billion  of tax gain on
the sale of ComEd’ s fossil generating assets. The gain was deferred by reinvesting a portion of the proceeds from the sale in
qualifying replacement property under the like-kind exchange provisions of the IRC. The like-kind exchange replacement property
purchased by Exelon included interests in three municipal-owned
385
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
electric generation facilities which were properly leased back to the municipalities. As previously disclosed, Exelon terminated its
investment in one of the leases in 2014 and the remaining two leases were terminated in 2016.
The IRS asserted that the Exelon purchase and leaseback transaction was substantially similar to a leasing transaction, known as a
SILO, which  is a listed transaction that the IRS has identified as a potentially abusive tax shelter . Thus, they disagreed with Exelon's
position and asserted that the entire gain of approximately $1.2 billion  was taxable in 1999. In 2013, the IRS issued a notice of
deficiency to Exelon and Exelon filed a petition to initiate litigation in the United States Tax Court. In 2016, the Tax Court held that
Exelon was not entitled to defer gain on the transaction. In addition to the tax and interest relate d to the gain deferral, the Tax Court
also ruled that Exelon was liable for $90 million  in penalties and intere st on the penalties. Exelon has fully paid the amounts
assessed resulting from the Tax Court decision.
In Septembe r 2017, Exelon appealed the Tax Court decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. In October 2018,
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the Tax Court’ s decision. Exelon filed a petition seeking rehearing of the
Seventh Circuit’ s decision, but the Seventh Circuit denied that petition in December 2018.  Exelo n has until March 5, 2019 to seek a
further review by the U.S. Supreme Court.
State Income T ax Law Changes
On April 24, 2018, Maryland enacted companion bills, House Bill 1794 and Senate Bill 1090, providing for a phase in of a single
sales factor apportionment formula from the current three factor formula for determining an entity 's Maryland state income taxes. The
single sales factor will be fully phased in by 2022.
In the secon d quarter of 2018, Exelon, Generation, PHI, Pepco and DPL recorded a one-time increase to deferred income taxes of
approximately $16 million , $5 million , $17 million , $16 million  and $1 million , respectively . At PHI, Pepco and DPL, the increase to
the Maryland deferred income tax liability was offset by regulatory assets. Further , the change in tax law is not expected to have a
material ongoing impact to Exelon's, Generation's, PHI's, Pepco's or DPL's future results of operations.
Long-T erm Marginal State Income T ax Rate (Exelon, Generation, PHI and Pepco)
In the third quarter of 2018, Exelon reviewed and updated its marginal state income tax rates based on 2017 state apportionment
rates. As a result of the rate changes, in the third quarter of 2018, Exelon, Generation, PHI and DPL recorded a one-time decrease
to deferred income taxes  of approximately $50 million, $53 million, $4 million and $2 million respectively . Pepco recorded a one-time
increase to deferred income taxes of approximately $1 million . Exelon, PHI and DPL recorded a corresponding regulatory liability of
approximately $1 million , $1 million  and $2 million  respectively . Pepco recorded a corresponding regulatory asset of approximately
$1 million . Further, Exelon, Generation and PHI recorded a decrease to income tax expense (net of federal taxes) of approximately
$50 million , $53 million  and $3 million .
Allocation of T ax Benefits (All Registrants)
Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE are all party to an agreement with Exelon and other subsidiaries of
Exelon that provides for the allocation of consolidated tax liabilities and benefits (Tax Sharing Agreement). The Tax Sharing
Agreement provides that each party is allocated an amount of tax similar to that which would be owed had the party been separately
subject to tax. In addition, any net benefit attributable to Exelon is reallocated to the other Regist rants. That allocation is treated as a
contribution to the capital of the party receiving the benefit. During 2018, Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI and ComEd recorded an
allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement of $155 million , $48 million , $26 million , $2 million
and $1 million respe ctively . Pepco, DPL, and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax
Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
During 2017, Generation, PECO, BGE, and PHI recorded an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing
Agreement of $102 million , $16 million , $10 million  and $7 million  respectively . ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE did not record an
allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
During 2016 , Generatio n, PECO and BGE recorded an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing
Agreement of $94 million , $18 million  and $8 million  respectively . ComEd did not record an allocatio n of federal tax benefits from
Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss. PHI, Pepco,
386
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
DPL and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon as they were not a part of Exelon's 2015 consolidated
tax return.
15. Asset Retirement Obligations  (All Registrants)
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations
Generation has a legal obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants following the expir ation of their operating licenses. To
estimate its decommissioning obligation related to its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes,
Generation uses a probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple outcome
scenarios that include significant estimates and assumptions, and are based on decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates,
probabilistic cash flow models and discount rates. Generation updates its ARO annually unless circumstances warrant more frequent
updates, based on its review of updated cost studies and its annual evaluation of cost escalatio n factors and probabilities assigned
to various scenarios.
The following table provides a rollforward of the nuclear decommissioning ARO reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated
Balance Sheets, from January 1, 2017  to December 31, 2018 :
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at January 1, 2017 $ 8,734
Accretion expense 458
Acquisition of FitzPatrick 444
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows 34
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (8)
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at December 31, 2017 (a)9,662
Accretion expense 478
Net decrease due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows (77)
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (58)
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at December 31, 2018 (a) (b) $ 10,005
__________
(a)Includes $22 million and $13 million as the current portion of the ARO at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, which is included in Other
current liabilities in Exelon’s and Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(b)Includes $772 million of ARO related to Oyster Creek which is classified as Liabilities held for sale in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
The net $77 million decrease in the ARO during 2018 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decom missioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year, some with offsetting impacts. These adjustments include a $203
million  decrease primarily due to lower estimated costs  for the construction of interim spent fuel storage at TMI and a net decrease in
estimated costs to decommission Calvert Cliffs, FitzPatrick, Limerick, and Salem nuclear units resulting from the completion of
updated cost studies. These adjustments also include a decrease due to changes in decommissioning scenarios and their
probabilities. These decreases were partially offset by a $116 million  increase for the impac t of the early retirement and the
announced pending sale of Oyster Creek and a $122 million  increase for estimated cost escalation rates, primarily for labor , energy
and waste burial costs. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  and Note 8—Early Plant Retirements  for addition al
information regarding Oyster Creek.
The net $34 million increase in the ARO during 2017 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decom missioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year, some with offsetting impacts. These adjustments include a $178
million  increase due to higher assumed probabilities of early retirement of Salem and a $138 million  increase in TMI’s ARO liability
associated with the May 30, 2017 announcemen t to early retire the unit on September 30, 2019. The increase in TMI's ARO liability
incorporates the early shutdown date, increases  in the probabilities of longer term decommissio ning scenarios, and an increase in
the estimated costs to decommission based on an updated decommissioning cost study . See Note 8—Early Plant Retirements  for
387
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
additional information regarding Salem and TMI. These increases in the ARO were partially offset by a $180 million  decrease for
refinements in estimated fleet wide labor costs expected to be incurred for certain on-site personnel during decommissioning as well
as net decreases resulting from updates to the cost studies of Clinton, Quad Cities and Dresden.
NDT Funds
NDT funds have been established for each generation station unit to satisfy Generation’ s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
Generally , NDT  funds established for a particular unit may not be used to fund the decommissioning obligations of any other unit.
The NDT funds associat ed with Generation's nuclear units have been funded with amounts collected from the previous owners and
their respective utility customers. PECO is authorized to collect funds, in revenues, for decomm issioning the former PECO nuclear
plants through regulated rates, and these collections are scheduled through the operating lives of the former PECO plants. The
amounts collected from PECO customers are remitted to Generation and deposited into the NDT funds for the unit for which funds
are collected. Every five years, PECO files a rate adjustment with the PAPUC that reflects PECO’s calculations of the estimated
amount need ed to decommission each of the former PECO units based on updated fund balances and estimated decommissioning
costs. The rate adjustme nt is used to determine the amount collectible from PECO customers. On March 31, 2017, PECO filed its
Nuclear Decommissioni ng Cost Adjustment with the PAPUC proposing an annual recovery from customers of approximately $4
million . This amount reflects a decrease from the previously approved annual collection of approximately $24 million  primarily due to
the removal of the collections for Limerick Units 1 and 2 as a result of the NRC approving the extension of the operating licenses for
an additional 20 years. On August 8, 2017, the P APUC approved the filing and the new rates became ef fective January 1, 2018.
Any shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning, determined for each generating statio n unit, is ultimately required to be
funded by Generation, with the exception of a shortfall for the current decommissioning activities at Zion Station, where certain
decommissioning activities have been transferred to a third-party (see Zion Station Decommissioning below) and the CENG units,
where any shortfall is required to be funded by both Generation and EDF. Generation, throu gh PECO, has recourse to collect
additional amounts from PECO customers relate d to a shortfall of NDT funds for the former PECO units, subject to certain limitations
and threshol ds, as prescribed by an order from the PAPUC. Generally , PECO, and likewise Generation will not be allowed to collect
amounts associated with the first $50 million  of any short fall of trust funds compared to decom missioning costs, as well as 5% of any
additional shortfalls, on an aggregate basis for all former PECO units. The initial $50 million  and up to 5% of any additional shortfalls
would be borne by Generation. No recourse exists to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of Generation's other
nuclear units . With respect to the former ComEd  and PECO units, any funds remaining in the NDTs after all decommissioning has
been comple ted are required to be refunded to ComEd’ s or PECO’ s customers, subject to certain limitations that allow sharing of
excess funds with Gene ration related to the former PECO units. With respect to Generation's other nuclear units, Generation retains
any funds remaining after decommissioning. However , in connection with CENG's acquisition  of the Nine Mile Point and Ginna
plants and settlements with certain regulatory agencies, CENG is subject to certain conditions pertaining to NDT funds that, if met,
could possib ly result in obligations to make payments to certain third parties (clawbacks). For Nine Mile Point and Ginna, the
clawback provisions are triggered only in the event that the required decommissioning activities are discontinued or not started or
completed in a timely manner . In the event that the clawback provisions are triggered for Nine Mile Point, then, depending upon the
triggering event, an amount equal to 50% of the total amount withdrawn from the funds for non-decommissioning activities or 50% of
any excess funds in the trust funds above the amounts required for decommissioning (including spent fuel management and
decommissioning) is to be paid to the Nine Mile Point sellers. In the event that the clawback provisions are triggered for Ginna, then
an amount equal to any estimated cost savings realized by not completing any of the required decommissioning activities is to be
paid to the Ginna sellers. Generation expects to comply with applicable regulations and timely commence and complete all required
decommissioning activities.
At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon and Generation had NDT funds totaling $12,695 million  and $13,349 million , respectively .
Included within the December 31, 2018  balance is the $890 million reclas sification of Oyster Creek NDT as Assets held for sale in
Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for addition al
information regarding the announced pending sale of Oyster Creek. The NDT funds include $144 million  and $77 million  for the
current portion of the NDT at December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respe ctively , which are included in Other current assets in Exelon's and
Generation's Consolidated
388
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Balance Sheets. See Note 11—Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities  for additional information related to the NDT  funds.
The following table provides unrealized (losses) gains on NDT funds of Exelon and Generation for the years ended 2018 , 2017  and
2016 :
 2018  2017  2016
Net unrealized (losses) gains on NDT  funds—Regulatory Agreement Units (a)$ (715) $ 455  $ 216
Net unrealized (losses) gains on NDT  funds—Non-Regulatory Agreement Units
(b) (483) 521  194
__________
(a)Net unrealized (losses) gains related to Generation’s NDT funds associated with Regulatory Agreement Units are included in Regulatory
liabilities in Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Noncurrent payables to affiliates in Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(b)Net unrealized (losses) gains related to Generation’s NDT funds with Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are included within Other, net in Exelon’s
and Generation’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Realized earnings, including interest and dividends on the NDT funds, for the non-Regulatory Agreement Units investments are
recognized when earned and are included in Other, net in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income whereas the Regulatory Agreement Units are eliminated within Other , net.
Accounting Implications of the Regulatory Agreements with ComEd and PECO
Based on the regulatory agreements with the ICC and PAPUC that dictate Generation’ s obligations related to the shortfall or excess
of NDT funds necessary  for decommissioning the former ComEd units on a unit-by-unit basis and the former PECO units in total,
decommissioning-related activities, including realized and unrealized gains and losses on the NDT funds and accretion of the
decommissioning obligation, are generally offset within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolida ted Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income . For the former ComEd units, decommissioning-related activities are generally offset within Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidat ed Statements of Opera tions and Comprehensive Income as long as the NDT funds are expected to exceed
the total estimated decommissioning obligation. For the former PECO units, decommissioning-r elated activities are generally offset
within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income regardless of whether the
NDT funds are expected  to exceed or fall short of the total estimated decommissioning obligation. The offset of decommissioning-
related activities within the Consolidated Statem ent of Operations and Comprehensive Income results in an equal adjustment to the
noncurrent payables to affiliates at Generation. ComEd and PECO have recorded an equal noncurrent affiliate receivable from
Generation and corresponding regulatory liability .
Should the expected value of the NDT fund for any former ComEd unit fall below the amount of the expected decommissioning
obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Comprehensive Income and the adverse impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements could be material. As of December 31, 2018 , the NDT funds of each of the former ComEd units, except for Zion (see
Zion Station Decommissioning below), are expe cted to exceed the related decommissioning obligation for each of the units. For the
purposes of making this determination, the decommissioning obligation referred to is different, as described below , from the
calculation used in the NRC minimum funding obligation filings based on NRC guidelines.
Any changes to the PECO regulatory agreements could impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s ability to offset decommissioning-related
activities within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, and the impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
financial statements could be material.
The decomm issioning-related activities related to the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
See Note 4—Regulatory Matters  and Note 25—Related Party Transactions  for addition al information regarding regulatory liabilities
at ComEd and PECO and intercompany balances between Generation, ComEd and PECO
389
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
reflecting the obligation to refund to customers  any decommissioning-related assets in exce ss of the related decommissioning
obligations.
Zion Station Decommissioning
In 2010, Generation completed an Asset Sale Agreement (ASA) under which ZionSolutions assumed responsibility for
decommissioning Zion Station and Generation transferred to ZionSolutions substantially all the Zion Station’ s assets, including the
related NDT funds. Pursuant to the ASA, ZionSolutions will periodically request reimbursement, subject to certain restrictions, from
the Zion Station-related NDT funds for costs incurred related to its decommissioning efforts at Zion Station. As the transfer of the
Zion Station assets did not qualify for asset sale accounting treatment, the related NDT funds were reclassified as pledged assets for
Zion Station  decommiss ioning, which are recorded within Other current assets within Gene ration’ s and Exelon’ s Consolidated
Balance Sheets and will continue to be measured in the same manner as prior to the completion of the transaction, and the
transferred ARO for decommissioning was replaced with a payable for Zion Station decommissioning, which is recorded in Other
current liabilities in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the value of the Zion Station NDT fund
assets, net of applicab le taxes, are recorded as a change in the payable to ZionSolution s. At no point will the payable to
ZionSolutions exceed the project budget of the costs remaining to decommission Zion Station.
Generation has retained its obligation for the SNF. Following ZionSolutions' completion of its contractual obligations and transfer of
the NRC license to Generation, Generation will store the SNF at Zion Station until it is transferre d to the DOE for ultimate disposal,
and will complete all remaining decommissionin g activities associated with the SNF dry storage  facility . Generation has a liability of
$120 million, which  is included within the nuclear decommis sioning ARO at December 31, 2018 . Gene ration also has retained NDT
assets to fund its oblig ation to maintain the SNF at Zion Station until transfer to the DOE and to complete all remaining
decommissioning activiti es for the SNF storage facility . Any shortage of funds necessary to main tain the SNF and decommission the
SNF storage facility is ultimately required to be funded by Generation. Any Zion Station NDT funds remaining after the completion of
all decommissioning activities will be returned to ComEd customers in accordance with the applicable orders.
The following table provides Exelon's and Generation's pledged assets and payables to ZionSolutions, and withdrawals by
ZionSolutions at December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
 2018 2017
Carrying value of Zion Station pledged assets $ 9$ 39
Current payable to ZionSolutions (a)9 37
Cumulative withdrawals by ZionSolutions to pay decommissioning costs (b)965 942
_______
(a)Included in Other current liabilities within Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Excludes a liability recorded within Exelon’s
and Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the tax obligation on the unrealized gains and losses associated with the Zion Station
NDT funds. The NDT funds will be utilized to satisfy the tax obligations as gains and losses are realized.
(b)Includes project expenses to decommission Zion Station and estimated tax payments on Zion Station NDT fund earnings.
ZionSolutions leased the land associated with Zion Station from Generation pursuant to a Lease Agreement. Under the Lease
Agreement, ZionSolutions has committed to complete the required decommissioning work according to an established schedule and
constructed a dry cask storage facility on the land and has loaded the SNF from the SNF pools onto the dry cask storage facility at
Zion Station. Rent payab le under the Lease Agreement is $1.00  per year, although the Lease Agreement requires ZionSolutions to
pay property taxes associated with Zion Station and penalty rents may accrue if there are unexcused delays in the progress of
decommissioning work at Zion Station or the construction of the dry cask SNF storage facility . To reduce the risk of default by
ZionSolutions, EnergySolutions provided a $200 million letter of credit to be used to fund decommissioning costs in the event the
NDT assets are insuf ficient. In accordance with the terms of the ASA, the letter of credit was reduced to $45 million in May 2018 due
to the completion of key decommissioning milestones. EnergySolutions and its parent company have also provided a performance
guarantee and EnergySolutions has entered into other agreements that will provide rights and remedies for Generation and the NRC
in the case of other specified events of default, including a special purpose easement for disposal capacity at the EnergySolutions
site in Clive, Utah, for all LLR W volume of Zion Station.
390
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
NRC Minimum Funding Requirements
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in specified minimum amounts to decommission the facility at the end of its life. The estimat ed decommissioning obligations as
calculated using the NRC methodology differ from the ARO recorded in Generation’ s and Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets
primarily due to differen ces in the type of costs included in the estimates, the basis for estim ating such costs, and assumptions
regarding the decommissioning alternatives to be used, potential license renewals, decommissioning cost escalation, and the growth
rate in the NDT funds. Under NRC regulations, if the minimum funding requirements calculated under the NRC methodology are less
than the future value of the NDT funds, also calculated under the NRC methodology , then the NRC requires either further funding or
other financial guarantees.
Key assumptions used in the minimum funding calculation using the NRC methodology at December 31, 2018  include:
(1) considera tion of costs only for the removal of radiological contamination at each unit; (2) the option on a unit-by-unit basis to use
generic, non-site specific  cost estimates; (3) consideration of only one decommissioning scenario for each unit; (4) the plants cease
operation at the end of their current license lives (with no assumed license renewals for those units that have not already received
renewals and with an assumed end-of-operation s date of 2019 for TMI); (5) the assumption of current nominal dollar cost estimates
that are neither escalated through the anticipated period of decommissioning, nor discounted using the CARFR; and (6) assumed
annual after-tax returns on the NDT  funds of 2% (3% for the former PECO units, as specified by the P APUC).
In contrast, the key criteria and assumptions used by Generation to determine the ARO and to forecast the target growth in the NDT
funds at December 31, 2018  include: (1) the use of site specific cost estimates that are updated at least once every five years; (2)
the inclusio n in the ARO estimate of all legally unavoidable costs required to decommission the unit (e.g., radiological
decommissioning and full site restoration for certain units, on-site spent fuel maintenance and storage subsequent to ceasing
operations and until DOE acceptance, and disposal of certain low-level radioactive waste); (3) the consideration of multiple
scenarios where decommissioning and site restoration activities, as applicable, are completed under possible scenarios ranging
from 10 to 70 years after the cessa tion of plant operations; (4) the consideration of multiple end of life scenarios; (5) the
measurement of the obligation at the present value of the future estimated costs and an annual average accretion of the ARO of
approximately 5% throug h a period of approximately 30 years  after the end of the extended lives of the units; and (6) an estimated
targeted annual pre-tax return on the NDT funds  of 5.0%  to 6.2%  (as compared to a histo rical 5-year annual average pre-tax return
of approximately 4.9% ).
Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired or are within five
years of the current approved license life), based on values as of December 31, addressing Generation’ s ability to meet the NRC
minimum funding levels. Depending on the value of the trust funds, Generation may be require d to take steps, such as providing
financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making addition al contributions to the trusts, which
could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that NRC minimum funding requirements are met. As a
result, Exelon’ s and Generation’ s cash flows and financial positions may be significantly adversely af fected.
Generation filed its biennial decommissioning funding status report with the NRC on March 30, 2017 for all units except for Zion
Station which is include d in a separate report to the NRC submitted by ZionSolutions (see Zion Station Decommissioning above)
and FitzPat rick which is still owned by Entergy as of the NRC reporting period. This status report demonstrated adequate
decommissioning funding assurance for all units  except for Peach Bottom Unit 1. As a former PECO plant, financial assurance for
decommissioning Peach Bottom Unit 1 is provided by the NDT fund in addition to collections  from PECO ratepayers. See NDT
Funds section above for additional information.
On March 28, 2018, Generation submitted its annual decommissioning funding status report with the NRC for shutdown reactors,
reactors within five years of shutdown except for Zion Station which is included in a separate report to the NRC submitted by
EnergySolutions (see Zion Station Decommissioning above), and reactor involved in an acquisition. This report reflected the status
of decommissioning funding assurance as of December 31, 2017 and included an update for the acquisition of FitzPatrick on March
31, 2017, the early retirement of TMI announced on May 30, 2017, an adjustment for the February 2, 2018 announced retirement
date of Oyster Creek and the updated status of Peach Bottom Unit 1 based on the new collections rate described above. As of
December 31, 2017, Generation provided adequate decommissioning funding assurance for all of its shutdown reactors, reactors
within five years of shutdown, and reactor involved in an acquisition.
391
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Generation will file its next decommissioning funding status report for all units with the NRC by March 31, 2019. This report will
reflect the status of decommissioning funding assurance as of December 31, 2018. A shortfal l at any unit could necessitate that
Generation address the shortfall by, among other things, obtaining a parental guarantee for Generation's share of the funding
assurance. However , the amount of any guarantee or other assurance will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach, the
associated level of costs, and the decommissioning trust fund investment performance going forward.
As the future values of trust funds change due to market conditions, the NRC minimum funding status of Generation’ s units will
change. In addition, if changes occur to the regulatory agreement with the PAPUC that currently allows amounts to be collected from
PECO custo mers for decommissioning the former PECO units, the NRC minimum funding status of those plants could change at
subsequent NRC filing dates.
Non-Nuclear Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Generation has AROs for plant closure costs associated with its fossil and renewable generating facilities, including asbestos
abatement, removal of certain storage tanks, restoring leased land to the condition it was in prior to construction of renewable
generating stations and other decommissioning-related activities. The Utility Registrants have AROs primarily associated with the
abatement and disposal of equipment and build ings contaminated with asbestos and PCBs. See Note 1—Significant Accounting
Policies  for additional information on the Registrants’  accounting policy for AROs. 
The following table provides a rollforward of the non-nuclear AROs reflected in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets from
January 1, 2017  to December 31, 2018 :
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Non-nuclear AROs at
January 1, 2017 $393 $ 199 $121 $ 28 $24 $14 $ 2$9$3
Net (decrease) increase due to changes
in, and timing of, estimated future cash
flows (11) (1) (13) (1) 2 2 1 1 —
Development projects 1 1 — — — — — — —
Accretion expense(a)18 10 7 1 — — — — —
Deconsolidation of EGTP (7) (7) — — — — — — —
Payments (10) (5) (2) (1) (2) — — — —
Non-nuclear AROs at December 31,
2017 384 197 113 27 24 16 3 10 3
Net increase due to changes in, and
timing of, estimated future cash flows(b)80 35 7 — 2 36 34 1 1
Accretion expense(a)16 10 4 1 1 — — — —
Asset divestitures (3) (3) — — — — — — —
Payments (6) (1) (3) — (2) — — — —
Non-nuclear AROs at December 31,
2018 $471 $ 238 $121 $ 28 $25 $52 $ 37 $11 $4
__________
(a)For ComEd and PECO, the majority of the accretion is recorded as an increase to a regulatory asset due to the associated regulatory treatment.
(b)In 2018, Pepco recorded an increase of $22 million in Operating and maintenance expense primarily related to asbestos identified at its Buzzard
Point property as part of an annual ARO study. Buzzard Point is a waterfront property in the District of Columbia occupied by an active
substation and former Pepco operated steam plant building, which Pepco retired and closed in 1981.
16. Retirement Benefits  (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for essentially all current employees.
Substantially all non-union employees and elect ing union employees hired on or after January 1, 2001 participate in cash balance
pension plans. Ef fective January 1, 2009, substantially all newly-hired union-represented
392
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
employees participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective February 1, 2018, most newly-hired Generation and BSC non-
represented, non-craft, employees are not eligible for pension benefits, and will instead be eligible to receive an enhanced non-
discretionary employer contribution in an Exelon defined contribution savings plan. Effective January 1, 2018, most newly-hired non-
represented, non-craft, employees are not eligible for OPEB benefits and employees represent ed by Local 614 are not eligible for
retiree health care benefits.
Effective January 1, 2019, Exelon is merging  the Exelon Corporation Cash Balance Pension Plan (CBPP) into the Exelon
Corporation Retirement Program (ECRP). The merging of the plans is not changing the benefits offered to the plan participants and,
thus, has no impact on Exelon's pension obligation. However , beginning in 2019, actuarial losses  and gains related to the CBPP  and
ECRP  will be amortized over participants’  average remaining service period of the merged ECRP  rather than each individual plan.
393
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The table below shows the pension and other postretirement benefit plans in which emplo yees of each operating company
participated at December 31, 2018 :
  Operating Company(e)
Name of Plan:  Generation ComEd PECO BGE BSC PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Qualified Pension Plans:          
Exelon Corporation Retirement Program(a)  X X X X X X X   
Exelon Corporation Cash Balance Pension
Plan(a)  X X X X X X X  X X
Exelon Corporation Pension Plan for
Bargaining Unit Employees(a)  X   X     X    
Exelon New England Union Employees
Pension Plan(a)  X          
Exelon Employee Pension Plan for Clinton,
TMI and Oyster Creek(a)  X   X   X  X    
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Group,
Inc.(b)  X   X X X  X X  X  
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC(c)  X X  X X X   
Nine Mile Point Pension Plan(c)  X    X    
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC Union
Employees Pension Plan Including Plan A and
Plan B(b)  X          
Pepco Holdings LLC Retirement Plan(d)  X X X X X X X  X X
Non-Qualified Pension Plans:          
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Pension
Benefit Plan and 2000 Excess Benefit Plan(a) X   X   X    X X   
Exelon Corporation Supplemental
Management Retirement Plan(a)  X   X   X   X X X   
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior
Executive Supplemental Plan(b)  X     X  X    
Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
Supplemental Pension Plan(b)  X     X  X    
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits
Restoration Plan(b)  X   X  X  X X   
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC
Executive Retirement Plan(c)  X    X    
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC
Benefits Restoration Plan(c)  X    X    
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Executive
Benefit Plan(b)  X     X  X    
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Manager
Benefit Plan(b)  X   X  X  X    
Pepco Holdings LLC 2011 Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan(d)      X X X  X X
Conectiv Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan (d)  X    X X  X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Combined Executive
Retirement Plan (d)      X X X   
Atlantic City Electric Director Retirement Plan
(d)         X
394
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
  Operating Company(e)
Name of Plan:  Generation ComEd PECO BGE BSC PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Other Postretirement Benefit Plans:          
PECO Energy Company Retiree Medical
Plan(a)  X   X  X   X X  X X X  X
Exelon Corporation Health Care
Program(a)  X   X   X X X  X X   X
Exelon Corporation Employees’ Life
Insurance Plan(a)  X   X   X   X X    
Exelon Corporation Health
Reimbursement Arrangement Plan(a)  X   X   X   X X    
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Medical Plan(b)  X   X  X X   X    
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Dental Plan(b)  X      X   X    
Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
Employee Life Insurance Plan and Family
Life Insurance Plan(b)  X   X  X X   X    
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC
Post-Employment Medical Account
Savings Plan(b)  X          
Exelon New England Union Post-
Employment Medical Savings Account
Plan(a)  X          
Retiree Medical Plan of Constellation
Energy Nuclear Group LLC(c)  X     X X    
Retiree Dental Plan of Constellation
Energy Nuclear Group LLC(c)  X     X X    
Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC
Medical Care and Prescription Drug Plan
for Retired Employees(c)  X      X    
Pepco Holdings LLC Welfare Plan for
Retirees(d)  X  X  X X X  X X X  X
______________________
(a)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Exelon plans.
(b)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Constellation Energy Group (CEG) Plans.
(c)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy CENG plans.
(d)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy PHI plans.
(e)Employees generally remain in their legacy benefit plans when transferring between operating companies.
Exelon’ s traditional and cash balance pension plans are intended to be tax-qualified defined benefit plans. Exelon has elected that
the trusts underlying these plans be treated as qualified trusts under the IRC. If certain conditions are met, Exelon can deduct
payments made to the qualified trusts, subject to certain IRC limitations.
Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets and Funded Status
Exelon recognizes the overfunded or underfund ed status of defined benefit pension and OPEB plans as an asset or liability on its
balance sheet, with offsetting entries to AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities), in accordance with the applicable authoritative
guidance. The measurement date for the plans is December 31.
During the first quarter of 2018, Exelon received  an updated valuation of its pension and OPEB to reflect actual census data as of
January 1, 2018. This valuation resulted in an increase to the pension and OPEB obligatio ns of $23 million and $14 millio n,
respectively . Additionally , accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased by $18 million (after-tax) and regulatory assets and
liabilities increased by $61 million and $1 million, respectively .
395
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
In connectio n with the acquisition of FitzPatrick in 2017, Exelon recorded pension and OPEB obligations for FitzPatrick employees of
$16 million and $17 million, respe ctively . See Note 5 — Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  for addition al information of the
acquisition of FitzPatrick.
The following tables provide a rollforward of the changes in the benefit obligations and plan assets for the most recent two years for
all plans combined:
 Pension BenefitsOther
Postretirement Benefits
Exelon 2018  2017 2018 2017
Change in benefit obligation:     
Net benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 22,337  $ 21,060 $ 4,856 $ 4,457
Service cost 405  387 112 106
Interest cost 802  842 175 182
Plan participants’  contributions — — 45 53
Actuarial (gain) loss(a)(1,561 ) 1,182 (540) 350
Plan amendments (4) 9 — —
Acquisitions(b)— 16 — 17
Settlements (48) (34) (4) —
Gross benefits paid (1,239 ) (1,125 ) (275) (309)
Net benefit obligation at end of year $ 20,692  $ 22,337 $ 4,369 $ 4,856
 Pension BenefitsOther
Postretirement Benefits
Exelon 2018  2017 2018 2017
Change in plan assets:     
Fair value of net plan assets at beginning of year $ 18,573  $ 16,791 $ 2,732 $ 2,578
Actual return on plan assets (945) 2,600 (136) 346
Employer contributions 337 341 46 64
Plan participants’  contributions — — 45 53
Gross benefits paid (1,239 ) (1,125 ) (275) (309)
Settlements (48) (34) (4) —
Fair value of net plan assets at end of year $ 16,678  $ 18,573 $ 2,408 $ 2,732
__________
(a)The pension actuarial gain in 2018 primarily reflects an increase in the discount rate. The OPEB actuarial gain in 2018 primarily reflects an
increase in the discount rate and favorable health care claims experience. The pension and OPEB actuarial losses in 2017 primarily reflect a
decrease in the discount rate.
(b)Exelon recorded pension and OPEB obligations associated with its acquisition of Fitzpatrick on March 31, 2017.
Exelon presents its benefit obligations and plan assets net on its balance sheet within the following line items:
 Pension Benefits  Other
Postretirement Benefits
Exelon 2018 2017  2018  2017
Other current liabilities $ 26 $ 28 $ 33 $ 31
Pension obligations 3,988 3,736 — —
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — — 1,928 2,093
Unfunded status (net benefit obligation less plan
assets) $ 4,014 $ 3,764 $ 1,961 $ 2,124
396
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The funded status of the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations refers to the difference between plan assets and
estimated obligations of the plan. The funded status changes over time due to several factors, including contribution levels, assumed
discount rates and actual returns on plan assets.
The followin g tables provide the projected bene fit obligations (PBO), accumulated benefit obligation (ABO), and fair value of plan
assets for all pension plans with a PBO or ABO in excess of plan assets. 
PBO in excess of plan assets Exelon
 2018 2017
Projected benefit obligation $ 20,692 $ 22,337
Fair value of net plan assets 16,678 18,573
ABO in excess of plan assets Exelon
 2018 2017
Projected benefit obligation $ 20,692 $ 22,337
Accumulated benefit obligation 19,656 21,153
Fair value of net plan assets 16,678 18,573
On a PBO basis, the Exelon plans were funded at 81% and 83% at December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively . On an ABO basis,
the Exelon plans were funded at 85% and 88% at December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively . The ABO differs from the PBO in that
the ABO includes no assumption about future compensation levels.
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs
The majority  of the 2018  pension benefit cost for the Exelon-sponsored plans is calculated using an expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets of 7.00%  and a discount rate of 3.62% . The majorit y of the 2018  other postre tirement benefit cost is calculated
using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.60%  for funded plans and a discount rate of 3.61% .
A portion of the net periodic benefit cost for all plans is capitalized within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following tables
present the components  of Exelon’ s net periodic benefit costs, prior to capitalization, for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017
and 2016  and PHI's net periodic benefit costs, prior to capitalization, for the predecessor period of January 1, 2016 to March 23,
2016 .
 Pension Benefits  Other
Postretirement Benefits
Exelon 2018  2017(a) 2016(b)  2018 2017(a)  2016(b)
Components of net
periodic benefit cost:       
Service cost $ 405 $ 387 $ 354 $ 112 $ 106 $ 107
Interest cost 802 842 830 175 182 185
Expected return on assets (1,252 ) (1,196 ) (1,141 ) (173) (162) (162)
Amortization of:       
Prior service cost
(credit) 2 1 14 (186) (188) (185)
Actuarial loss 629  607 554  66 61 63
Settlement and other
charges(c)3 3 2 1 — —
Net periodic benefit cost $ 589  $ 644 $ 613  $ (5)$ (1) $ 8
__________ 
(a)FitzPatrick net benefit costs are included for the period after acquisition.
(b)PHI net periodic benefit costs for the period prior to the merger are not included in the table above.
(c)2016 amount includes an additional termination benefit for PHI.
397
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Predecessor
 Pension BenefitsOther
Postretirement Benefits
PHI January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
Components of net periodic benefit cost:  
Service cost $ 12 $ 1
Interest cost 26 6
Expected return on assets (30) (5)
Amortization of:  
Prior service cost (credit) — (3)
Actuarial loss 14 2
Net periodic benefit cost $ 22 $ 1
Components of AOCI and Regulatory Assets
Under the authoritative guidance for regulatory accounting, a portion of current year actuarial gains and losses and prior service
costs (credits) is capitalized within Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets to reflect the expected regulatory recovery of these
amounts, which would otherwise be recorded to AOCI. The following tables provide the compon ents of AOCI and regulatory assets
(liabilities) for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  for all plans  combined and the components of PHI's predecessor
AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities) for the period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 .
 Pension BenefitsOther
Postretirement Benefits
Exelon2018 2017 2016(a) 2018  2017 2016(a)
Changes in plan assets
and benefit obligations
recognized in AOCI and
regulatory assets
(liabilities):        
Current year actuarial (gain)
loss $ 635 $ (222)$ 644 $ (232) $ 166 $ (101)
Amortization of actuarial loss (629) (607) (554) (66) (61) (63)
Current year prior service
cost (credit) (4) 9 (60) — — —
Amortization of prior service
(cost) credit (2) (1) (14) 186  188 185
Settlements (3) (3) — — — —
Acquisitions — — 994 — — 94
Total recognized in AOCI
and regulatory assets
(liabilities) $ (3)$ (824)$ 1,010 $ (112)$ 293 $ 115
        
Total recognized in AOCI $ 3$ (401)$ 51 $ (55) $ 168 $ 20
Total recognized in
regulatory assets (liabilities) $ (6)$ (423)$ 959 $ (57) $ 125 $ 95
398
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Predecessor
 Pension BenefitsOther
Postretirement Benefits
PHI January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
Changes in plan assets and benefit
obligations recognized in AOCI and regulatory assets
(liabilities):  
Current year actuarial loss (gain) $ — $ —
Amortization of actuarial loss (14) (2)
Amortization of prior service (cost) credit — 3
Total recognized in AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities) $ (14)$ 1
  
Total recognized in AOCI $ (1)$ —
Total recognized in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ (13)$ 1
__________ 
(a)2016 amounts include PHI for the period of March 24, 2016 through December 31, 2016.
The following table provides the components of gross accumulated other comprehensive loss and regulatory assets (liabilities) that
have not been recognized as components of periodic benefit cost at December 31, 2018  and 2017 , respectively , for all plans
combined:
 Exelon  Exelon
 Pension Benefits  Other
Postretirement Benefits
 2018 2017  2018 2017
Prior service (credit) cost $ (29)$ (24) $ (337)$ (522)
Actuarial loss 7,558 7,556  531 829
Total $ 7,529 $ 7,532  $ 194 $ 307
    
Total included in AOCI $ 3,899 $ 3,896  $ 70 $ 125
Total included in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 3,630 $ 3,636  $ 124 $ 182
Average Remaining Service Period
For pension benefits, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs and certain actuarial gains and losses, as applicable,
based on participants’  average remaining service periods. The average remaining service period of Exelon's defined benefit pension
plan participants was 12.0 years, 11.8 years and 11.9 years for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively .
For other postretirement  benefits, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs over participants’  average remaining service
period to benefit eligibility age and amortizes certain actuarial gains and losses over participants’  average remaining service period
to expected retirement. The average remaining service period of postretirement benefit plan participants related to benefit eligibility
age was 8.8 years, 8.8 years and 9.0 years for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively . The avera ge
remaining service period of postretirement bene fit plan participants related to expected retirement was 9.5 years , 9.6 years  and 9.7
years for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , respectively .
Assumptions
399
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under Exelon’ s define d benefit and other postretirement
plans involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. The
measurement of benefit obligations and costs is impacted by several assumptions and inputs, including the discount rate applied to
benefit obligations, the long-term EROA, Exelon’ s expected level of contributions to the plans, the long-term expected investment
rate credited to employe es participating in cash balance plans and the anticipated rate of increa se of health care costs. Additionally ,
assumptions related to plan participants include the incidence of mortality , the expected remaining service period, the level of
compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age and length of service, among other factors. When developing the
required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations.
Expected Rate of Return.  In selecting the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and GDP
growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectations regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by
Exelon’ s target asset class allocations.
Mortality . The mortal ity assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . Exelon’ s mortality
assumption is supported by an actuarial experience study of Exelon's plan participants and utilizes the IRS's RP–2000 base table
projected to 2012 with improvement scale AA and projected thereafter with generational improvement scale BB two-dimensional
adjusted to a 0.75% long-term rate reached in 2027. There were no changes to the mortality assumption in 2016 , 2017  or 2018 .
The following assumptions were used to determine the benefit obligations for the plans at December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 .
Assumptions used to determine year-end benefit obligations are the assumptions used to estimate the subsequent year’s net
periodic benefit costs.
 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits  
Exelon 2018  2017  2016(f) 2018  2017  2016(f)  
Discount rate 4.31%(a)  3.62%(b)  4.04% (c) 4.30%(a)  3.61%(b)  4.04% (c) 
Investment
Crediting Rate 4.46% 4.00% 4.46% N/A  N/A N/A  
Rate of
compensation
increase     (d)     (d)  (e)      (d)      (d)   (e)  
Mortality tableRP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to
2012 with
improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to
2012 with
improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to
2012 with
improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
Health care cost
trend on covered
charges N/A   N/A   N/A5.00% with
ultimate trend of
5.00% in 2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  5.00% with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  5.00%
decreasing
to
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefits
obligations as of December 31, 2018. Certain benefit plans used individual rates ranging from 4.13% - 4.36% and 4.27% - 4.38% for pension
and other postretirement plans, respectively.
(b)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefits
obligations as of December 31, 2017. Certain benefit plans used individual rates ranging from 3.49% - 3.65% and 3.57% - 3.68% for pension
and other postretirement plans, respectively.
(c)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefits
obligations as of December 31, 2016. Certain benefit plans used individual rates ranging from 3.66% - 4.11% and 4.00% - 4.17% for pension
and other postretirement plans, respectively.
(d)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
400
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(e)The legacy Exelon, CEG and CENG pension and other postretirement plans used a rate of compensation increase of 3.25% through 2019 and
3.75% thereafter, while the legacy PHI pension and other postretirement plans used a weighted-average rate of compensation increase of 5%
for all periods.
(f)Obligation was not remeasured for the PHI predecessor for the period from January 1, 2016, to March 23, 2016.
The following assumptions were used to determ ine the net periodic benefit costs for the plans for the years ended December 31,
2018 , 2017  and 2016 , as well as for the PHI predecessor period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 : 
 Pension Benefits  Other Postretirement Benefits  
Exelon 2018  2017  2016  2018  2017  2016  
Discount rate 3.62%(a) 4.04%(b) 4.29%(c)  3.61%(a) 4.04%(b) 4.29%(c)  
Investment
Crediting Rate 4.00% 4.46% 5.31% N/A N/A N/A
Expected return
on plan assets 7.00%(d) 7.00%(d) 7.00%(d) 6.60%(d) 6.58%(d) 6.71%(d) 
Rate of
compensation
increase     (e)  (f)   (f)     (e)   (f)   (f)  
Mortality tableRP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Health care cost
trend on covered
charges N/A   N/A   N/A   5.00%
with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  5.00%
with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  5.50%
decreasing
to
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Predecessor
 Pension Benefits  Other Postretirement Benefits
PHI January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
Discount rate 4.65%/4.55%(g) 4.55%
Investment crediting rate 2.89% N/A
Expected return on plan assets(h)6.50% 6.75%
Rate of compensation
increase 5.00% 5.00%
Mortality table RP-2014 table with
improvement scale MP-2015  RP-2014 table with
improvement scale MP-2015
Health care cost trend on covered charges N/A
 6.33% pre-65 and 5.40%
post-65 decreasing to
ultimate trend of 5.00% in
2020
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefits costs
for the year ended December 31, 2018. Certain benefit plans used individual rates ranging from 3.49%-3.65% and 3.57%-3.68% for pension
and other postretirement plans, respectively.
(b)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon's pension and other postretirement benefits costs
for the year ended December 31, 2017. Certain benefit plans used individual rates ranging from 3.66%-4.11% and 4.00%-4.17% for pension
and other postretirement plans, respectively.
(c)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefits costs
for the year ended December 31, 2016. Certain benefit plans used the individual rates ranging from 3.68%-4.14% and 4.32%-4.43% for pension
and other postretirement plans, respectively.
401
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(d)Not applicable to pension and other postretirement benefit plans that do not have plan assets.
(e)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
(f)The legacy Exelon, CEG and CENG pension and other postretirement plans used a rate of compensation increase of 3.25% through 2019 and
3.75% thereafter, while the legacy PHI pension and other postretirement plans used a weighted-average rate of compensation increase of 5%
for all periods.
(g)The discount rate for the qualified and non-qualified pension plans was 4.65% and 4.55%, respectively.
(h)Expected return on other postretirement benefit plan assets is pre-tax.
Contributions
The following tables provide contributions to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans:
 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits
 2018(a)  2017(a) 2016(a) 2018 2017  2016
Exelon $ 337 $ 341 $ 347 $ 46 $ 64 $ 50
Generation 128  137 140 11 11 12
ComEd 38 36 33 4 5 5
PECO 28 24 30 — — —
BGE 40 39 31 14 14 18
BSC(b)41 38 39 5 2 3
Pepco 6 62 24 11 10 8
DPL — — 22 — 2 —
ACE 6 — 15 — 20 2
PHISCO (c)50 5 17 1 — 2
 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits
 Successor Predecessor Successor   Predecessor
 2018 2017  March 24, 2016
to December
31, 2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016 2018  2017  March 24, 2016
to December 31,
2016  January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
PHI $ 62$ 67 $ 74 $ 4$ 12 $ 32 $ 12 $ —
__________
(a)Exelon's and Generation's pension contributions include $21 million and $25 million related to the legacy CENG plans that was funded by CENG
as provided in an Employee Matters Agreement (EMA) between Exelon and CENG for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. There were no pension contributions for the year ended December 31, 2018.
(b)Includes $2 million, $4 million, and $6 million of pension contributions funded by Exelon Corporate, for the years ended December 31, 2018,
2017, and 2016, respectively.
(c)PHISCO’s pension contributions for the year ended December 31, 2016 include $4 million of contributions made prior to the closing of Exelon’s
merger with PHI on March 23, 2016.
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of (1) $300 million  until all the qualified plans are
fully funded on an ABO basis, and (2) the minimum amounts under ERISA  to meet minimum contribution requirement and/or avoid
benefit restrictions and at-risk status. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension
contributions. Unlike the qualified pension plans,  Exelon’ s non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject
to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While other postretireme nt plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its
plans. For Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however ,
402
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Exelon’ s management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its other postretirement
benefit plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to
meet regulatory expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to
unfunded plans.
The following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2019:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
PlansOther
Postretirement
Benefits
Exelon $ 301 $ 25 $ 44
Generation 135 7 13
ComEd 65 1 2
PECO 25 1 —
BGE 34 1 15
BSC 41 7 2
PHI 1 8 12
Pepco — 2 10
DPL — 1 —
ACE — — 1
PHISCO 1 5 1
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
Estimated future benefit payments to participants in all of the pension plans and postretirement benefit plans at December 31, 2018
were:
 Pension
BenefitsOther
Postretirement
Benefits
2019 $ 1,196 $ 255
2020 1,221 263
2021 1,258 269
2022 1,284 274
2023 1,302 282
2024 through 2028 6,770 1,483
Total estimated future benefit payments through 2028 $ 13,031 $ 2,826
Allocation to Exelon Subsidiaries
All registrants account for their participation in Exelon’ s pension and other postretirement benefit plans by applying multi-employer
accounting. Employee-re lated assets and liabiliti es, including both pension and postretirement liabilities, for the legacy Exelon plans
were allocated by Exelo n to its subsidiaries based on the number of active employees as of January 1, 2001 as part of Exelon’ s
corporate restructuring. The obligation for Generation, ComEd and PECO reflects the initial allocation and the cumulative costs
incurred and contributions made since January  1, 2001. Historically , Exelon has allocated the components of pension and other
postretirement costs to the subsidiaries in the legacy Exelon plans based upon several factors, including the measures of active
employee participation in each plan. Pension and other postretirement benefit contributions  were allocated to legacy Exelon
subsidiaries in proportion to active service costs recognized and total costs recognized, respectively . Beginning in 2015, Exelon
began alloca ting costs related to its legacy Exelon pension and other postretirement benefit plans to its subsidiaries based on both
active and retired employee participation and contributions are allocated based on accounting cost. The impact of this allocation
methodology change was not material to any Registrant. For legacy CEG, legacy
403
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
CENG, FitzPatrick, and legacy PHI plans, components of pension and other postretirement benefit costs and contributions have
been, and will continue to be, allocated to the subsidiaries based on employee participation (both active and retired).
The amounts below represent the Registrants’  as well as BSC's and PHISCO's pension and OPEB costs. As a result of new pension
guidance effective on January 1, 2018, certain balances have been reclassified on Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. For Exelon, the service cost component is included
in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant and equipment, net, for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and
2016, while the non–service cost components are included in Other , net and Regulatory assets for year ended December 31, 2018
and in Other , net and Property , plant and equipm ent, net, for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. For Generation and the
Utility Registrants, the service cost and non–service cost components are included in Operating and maintenance expense and
Property , plant and equipment, net on their consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and
2016 .
For the Years
Ended
December 31, Exelon Generation(a) ComEd PECO BGE BSC(b) Pepco(c) DPL(c) ACE(c) PHISCO(c)(d)
2018 $ 583 $ 204 $ 177 $ 18 $60 $ 57 $ 15 $ 6 $12 $ 34
2017 643 227 176 29 64 53 25 13 13 43
2016 621 218 166 33 68 48 31 18 15 47
 Successor  Predecessor
PHIFor the Year Ended
December 31, 2018For the Year Ended
December 31, 2017 March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Costs $ 67 $ 94 $ 88 $ 23
__________
(a)FitzPatrick net benefit costs are included for the period after acquisition.
(b)These amounts primarily represent amounts billed to Exelon’s subsidiaries through intercompany allocations. These amounts are not included in
the Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE amounts above.
(c)Pepco's, DPL's, ACE's and PHISCO's pension and postretirement benefit costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 include $7 million, $4
million, $3 million and $9 million, respectively, of costs incurred prior to the closing of Exelon’s merger with PHI on March 23, 2016.
(d)These amounts represent amounts billed to Pepco, DPL and ACE through intercompany allocations. These amounts are not included in Pepco,
DPL or ACE amounts above.
Plan Assets
Investment Strategy . On a regula r basis, Exelon evaluates its investm ent strategy to ensure that plan assets will be sufficient to pay
plan benefits when due. As part of this ongoing evaluation, Exelon may make changes to its targeted asset allocation and
investment strategy .
Exelon has developed and implemented a liability hedging investment strategy for its qualified pension plans that has reduced the
volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. Exelon is likely to continue to gradually increase the liability hedging
portfolio as the funded status of its plans improves. The overall objective is to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns that will
balance the liquidity requirements of the plans’  liabilities while striving to minimize the risk of significant losses. Trust assets for
Exelon’ s other postretirement plans are managed in a diversified investment strategy that prioritizes maximizing liquidity and returns
while minimizing asset volatility .
Actual asset  returns have an impact on the costs  reported for the Exelon-sponsored pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
The actual asset returns  across Exelon’ s pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the year ended December 31, 2018
were (4.86)%  and (4.66)% , respectively , compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00%  and 6.60% , respectively .
Exelon used an EROA  of 7.00%  and 6.67%  to estimate its 2019  pension and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively .
404
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Exelon’ s pension and other postretirement benefit plan target asset allocations at December 31, 2018  and 2017  asset allocations
were as follows:
Pension Plans 
   Exelon
   Percentage of Plan Assets
at December 31,
Asset Category Target Allocation  2018  2017
Equity securities 35% 32% 35%
Fixed income securities 37% 38  39
Alternative investments(a)28% 30  26
Total   100% 100%
Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
   Exelon
   Percentage of Plan Assets
at December 31,
Asset Category Target Allocation  2018  2017
Equity securities 47% 44% 47%
Fixed income securities 28% 28  28
Alternative investments(a)25% 28  25
Total   100% 100%
__________
(a)Alternative investments include private equity, hedge funds, real estate, and private credit.
Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Exelon evaluated its pension and other postretir ement benefit plans’  asset portfolios for the existence
of significant concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2018 . Types of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not
limited to, investment concentrations in a single entity , type of industry , foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31,
2018 , there were no significa nt concentrations (defined as greater than 10% of plan assets) of risk in Exelon’ s pension and other
postretirement benefit plan assets.
405
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Fair V alue Measurements
The followin g tables present pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets measured  and recorded at fair value in the
Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy at December 31, 2018
and 2017 :
Exelon 
December 31, 2018(a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject to
leveling  Total
Pension plan assets      
Cash equivalents $ 350 $ — $ — $ — $ 350
Equities(c)3,364 — 2 1,980  5,346
Fixed income:   
U.S. Treasury and agencies 996 173 — — 1,169
State and municipal debt — 59 — — 59
Corporate debt — 3,716 216 — 3,932
Other(c) — 329 — 613  942
Fixed income subtotal 996 4,277 216 613  6,102
Private equity — — — 1,219  1,219
Hedge funds — — — 1,608  1,608
Real estate — — — 1,029  1,029
Private credit — — 268 798  1,066
Pension plan assets subtotal $ 4,710 $ 4,277 $ 486 $ 7,247  $16,720
December 31, 2018(a) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject to
leveling  Total
Other postretirement benefit plan assets      
Cash equivalents $ 22 $ — $ — $ — $ 22
Equities 537 2 — 508  1,047
Fixed income:   
U.S. Treasury and agencies 11 56 — — 67
State and municipal debt — 126 — — 126
Corporate debt — 48 — — 48
Other 183 72 — 170  425
Fixed income subtotal 194 302 — 170  666
Hedge funds — — — 411  411
Real estate — — — 132  132
Private credit — — — 132  132
Other postretirement benefit plan assets subtotal $ 753 $ 304 $ — $ 1,353 $ 2,410
Total pension and other postretirement benefit plan
assets(e) $ 5,463 $ 4,581 $ 486 $ 8,600  $19,130
406
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
December 31, 2017(a)(b) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject to
leveling  Total
Pension plan assets       
Cash equivalents $ 585  $ — $ — $ — $ 585
Equities(c)3,565  — 2 3,077  6,644
Fixed income:     
U.S. Treasury and agencies 1,150  159 — — 1,309
State and municipal debt — 64 — — 64
Corporate debt — 3,931 232  — 4,163
Other(c) — 447 — 756  1,203
Fixed income subtotal 1,150 4,601 232  756  6,739
Private equity — — — 1,034  1,034
Hedge funds — — — 1,770  1,770
Real estate — — — 884  884
Private credit(d) — — 224  695  919
Pension plan assets subtotal $ 5,300 $ 4,601 $ 458  $ 8,216 $18,575
December 31, 2017(a)(b) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Not subject to
leveling  Total
Other postretirement benefit plan assets       
Cash equivalents $ 29 $ — $ — $ — $ 29
Equities 523  2 — 764  1,289
Fixed income:    
U.S. Treasury and agencies 13 56 — — 69
State and municipal debt — 136 — — 136
Corporate debt — 47 — — 47
Other 225  71 — 185  481
Fixed income subtotal 238 310 — 185  733
Hedge funds — — — 430  430
Real estate — — — 124  124
Private credit — — — 123  123
Other postretirement benefit plan assets subtotal $ 790 $ 312 $ — $ 1,626  $ 2,728
Total pension and other postretirement benefit plan
assets(e) $ 6,090  $ 4,913 $ 458  $ 9,842  $21,303
__________
(a)See Note 11—Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy.
(b)Effective March 31, 2017, Exelon became sponsor of FitzPatrick's defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and assumed
FitzPatrick's benefit plan obligations.
(c)Includes derivative instruments of less than $1 million and $6 million, which have a total notional amount of $5,991 million and $3,606 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction
volume outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the amount of the company’s exposure to credit or market loss.
(d)Prior year amounts reflect a reclassification from Not subject to leveling into Level 3.
(e)Excludes net liabilities of $44 million and net assets of $2 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, which are required to reconcile
to the fair value of net plan assets. These items consist primarily of receivables or payables related to pending securities sales and purchases,
interest and dividends receivable.
407
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The followin g table presents the reconciliation  of Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value for pension and other
postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
Exelon
 Fixed Income  Equities  Private
Credit Total
Pension Assets    
Balance as of January 1, 2018 $ 232 $ 2 $ 224 $ 458
Actual return on plan assets:  
Relating to assets still held at the
reporting date (14) — 9 (5)
Relating to assets sold during the
period (1) — — (1)
Purchases, sales and settlements:  
Purchases 19 — 35 54
Sales (8) — — (8)
Settlements(b)(12) — — (12)
Balance as of December 31, 2018 $ 216 $ 2 $ 268 $ 486
 Fixed income EquitiesPrivate
Credit (a) Total
Pension Assets  
Balance as of January 1, 2017 $ 206 $ 2$ 229 $ 437
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held at the
reporting date 11 — 29 40
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 31 — 5 36
Sales (16) — — (16)
      Settlements(b) — — (39) (39)
Balance as of December 31, 2017 $ 232 $ 2$ 224 $ 458
__________
(a)Prior year amounts reflect a reclassification from Not subject to leveling into Level 3.
(b)Represents cash settlements only.
There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2018  for the pension and
other postretirement benefit plan assets.
Valuation Techniques Used to Determine Fair Value
Cash equivalents.  Investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, including certain short-term fixed
income secu rities and money market funds, are considered cash equivalents. The fair values are based on observable market prices
and, therefore, are included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1.
Equities.  Equit ies consist of individually held equity securities, equity mutual funds and equity commingled funds in domestic and
foreign markets. With respect to individually held equity securities, the trustees obtain prices from pricing services, whose prices are
generally obtained from direct feeds from market exchanges, which Exelon is able to independently corroborate. Equity securities
held individu ally, includin g real estate investmen t trusts, rights and warrants, are primarily traded on exchanges that contain only
actively traded securities due to the volume trading requirements imposed by these exchanges. Equity securities are valued based
on quoted prices in active
408
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
markets and are categor ized as Level 1. Certain private placement equity securities are categorized as Level 3 because they are not
publicly traded and are priced using significant unobservable inputs.
Equity commingled funds and mutual funds are maintained by investment companies, and certain investments are held in
accordance with a stated set of fund objectives, which are consistent with the plans’  overall investment strategy . The values of some
of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in
active markets and have  been categorized as Level 1. For equity commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted,
the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the
underlying securities and are not classified within  the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly with
30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Fixed income.  For fixed income securities, which consist primarily of corporate debt securities, U.S government securities, foreign
government securities, municipal bonds, asset and mortgage-backed securities, commingled funds, mutual funds and derivative
instruments, the trustees obtain multiple prices from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations in
addition to checks for unusual daily movements. A primary price source is identified based on asset type, class or issue for each
security . With respect to individually held fixed income securities, the trustees monitor prices supplied by pricing services and may
use a supplemental price source or change the primary price source of a given security if the portfolio managers challenge an
assigned price and the trustees determine that another price source is considered to be preferable. Exelon has obtained an
understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such prices.
Additionally , Exelon selectively corroborates the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based price sources.
Investments in U.S. Treasury securities have been categorized as Level 1 because they trade in highly-liquid and transparent
markets. Certain private placement fixed income securities have been categorized as Level 3 because they are priced using certain
significant unobservable inputs and are typically illiquid. The remaining fixed income securities, including certain other fixed income
investments, are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar
securities, adjusted for observable dif ferences and are categorized as Level 2.
Other fixed income investments primarily consi st of fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds, which are maintained by
investment companies and hold certain investments in accordance with a stated set of fund objectives, which are consistent with
Exelon’ s overall investment strategy . The values of some of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly
quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For fixed income
commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted, the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund
share, deriv ed from the quoted prices in active  markets of the underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value
hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly with 30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Derivative instruments consisting primarily of futures and swaps to manage risk are recorde d at fair value.  Over-the-counter
derivatives are valued daily based on quoted prices in active markets and trade in open markets, and have been categorized as
Level 1.  Derivative instruments other than over-the-counter derivatives are valued based on external price data of comparable
securities and have been categorized as Level 2.
Private equity . Priva te equity investments include those in limited partnerships that invest in operating companies that are not
publicly traded on a stock exchange such as leveraged buyouts, growth capital, venture capital, distressed investments and
investments in natural resources. Private equity valuations are reported by the fund manager and are based on the valuation of the
underlying investments, which include unobservable inputs such as cost, operating results, discounted future cash flows and market
based comparable data. The fair value of private equity investments is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical
expedient, and therefore, these investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Hedge funds . Hedg e fund investmen ts include those seeking  to maximize absolute returns using a broad range of strategies to
enhance returns and provide additional diversific ation. The fair value of hedge funds is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a
practical expedient, and therefore, hedge funds  are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . Exelon has the ability to redeem
these investments at NA V or its equivalent subject to certain restrictions which may include a lock-up period or a gate.
Real estate.  Real estate  funds are funds with a direct investment in pools of real estate properties. Thes e funds are valued by
investment managers on a periodic basis using pricing models that use independent appraisals from
409
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
sources with professional qualifications. These valuation inputs are not highly observable. The fair value of real estate investments is
determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these investments are not classified within the fair
value hierarchy .
Private credit. Private credit investments primarily consist of limited partnerships that invest in private debt strategies. These
investments are generally less liquid assets with an underlying term of 3 to 5 years and are intended to be held to maturity .  The fair
value of these investme nts is determined by the fund manager or administrator and include unobservable inputs such as cost,
operating results, and discounted cash flows. Private credit investments are categorized as Level 3 because they are based largely
on inputs that are unobservable and utilize complex valuation models. The fair value of private credit funds are determined using
NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Defined Contribution Savings Plan (All Registrants)
The Registr ants participate in various 401(k) defined contribution savings plans that are sponsored by Exelon. The plans are
qualified under applicable sections of the IRC and allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in
accordance with specified guidelines. All Regis trants match a percentage of the employee contributions up to certain limits. The
following table presents matching contributions to the savings plan for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 :
For the Year Ended
December 31, Exelon(a) Generation(a) ComEd PECO BGE BSC(b) Pepco(c) DPL(c) ACE PHISCO(c)(d)
2018 $ 179 $ 86$ 37$ 9$12$ 22 $ 3$ 2$2 $ 6
2017 128 55 31 10 10 9 3 2 2 6
2016 164 79 34 10 12 19 3 2 2 6
 Successor  Predecessor
PHIFor the Year Ended
December 31, 2018For the Year Ended
December 31, 2017 March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016 January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
Saving Plan Matching Contributions $ 13 $ 13 $ 10  $ 3
__________
(a)Includes $13 million related to CENG for the year ended December 31, 2016.
(b)These amounts primarily represent amounts billed to Exelon’s subsidiaries through intercompany allocations. These costs are not included in
the Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE amounts above.
(c)Pepco's, DPL's and PHISCO's matching contributions include $1 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively, of costs incurred prior to the
closing of Exelon's merger with PHI on March 23, 2016, which is not included in Exelon's matching contributions for the year ended December
31, 2016.
(d)These amounts primarily represent amounts billed to Pepco, DPL, and ACE through intercompany allocations. These amounts are not included
in Pepco, DPL or ACE amounts above.
17. Severance  (All Registrants)
The Registrants have an ongoing severance plan under which, in general, the longer an emplo yee worked prior to termination the
greater the amount of severance benefits. The Registrants record a liability and expense or regulatory asset for severance once
terminations are probable of occurrence and the related severance benefits can be reasonably estimated. For severance benefits
that are incremental to its ongoing severance plan (“one-time termination benefits”), the Registrants measure the obligation and
record the expense at fair value at the communication date if there are no future service requirem ents, or, if future service is required
to receive the termination benefit, ratably over the required service period.
410
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Severance Liability
Amounts included in the table below represent the severance liability recorded for employees of each Registrant. Exelon's
severance liability includes amounts related to BSC that are billed through intercompany allocations .
       
Severance Liability Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance at December 31,
2016 $ 88 $ 36 $ 3$ — $ — $ 29 $ — $ — $ —
Severance costs(a)35 31 2 — — 3 — — —
Payments (29) (9) (2) — — (12) — — —
Balance at December 31,
2017 $ 94 $ 58 $ 3$ — $ — $ 20 $ — $ — $ —
Severance costs(a)35 9 1 — 1 5 1 — —
Payments (52) (20) (2) — — (18) (1) — —
Balance at December 31,
2018 $ 77 $ 47 $ 2$ — $ 1$ 7$ — $ — $ —
__________
(a)Includes salary continuance and health and welfare severance benefits.
Severance Costs Related to the PHI Merger
Upon closing  the PHI Merger , Exelon recorded a severance accrual for the anticipated employee position reductions as a result of
the post-merger integration. Cash payments under the plan began in May 2016 and will continue through 2020.
For the years ended December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 , the PHI Merger severance costs were immaterial. For the year
ended December 31, 2016 , the Registrants recorded the following severance costs associated with the identified job reductions
within Operating and maintenance expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income:
Severance Benefits Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Severance costs(a)$ 57 $ 9$ 2 $ 1$ 1$ 44 $ 21 $ 13 $ 10
(a) The amounts above for Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE , Pepco, DPL, and ACE include $8 million, $2 million, $1 million, $1 million, $20 million , $12
million  and $10 million , respectively , for amounts billed by BSC and/or PHISCO through intercompany allocations.
PHI, Pepco,  DPL and ACE recorded regulato ry assets for merger related integration costs which include a portion of these
severance costs. These regulatory assets are either currently being recovered in rates or are deemed probable of recovery in future
rates. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters  for additional information.
411
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
18. Shareholders' Equity  (Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL  and ACE)  
The following table presents common stock authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
   December 31,
  2018  2017
Par V alue  Shares Authorized Shares Outstanding
Common Stock     
Exelon no par value  2,000,000,000 968,187,955  963,335,888
ComEd $ 12.50  250,000,000 127,021,331  127,021,246
PECO no par value  500,000,000 170,478,507  170,478,507
BGE no par value  1,500 1,000  1,000
Pepco $ 0.01  200,000,000 100  100
DPL $ 2.25  1,000 1,000  1,000
ACE $ 3.00  25,000,000 8,546,017  8,546,017
ComEd had 60,285  and 60,584  warra nts outstanding to purchase ComEd common stock at December 31, 2018  and 2017 ,
respectively . The warrants entitle the holders to convert such warrants into common stock of ComEd at a conversion rate of one
share of common stock  for three warrants. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , 20,095  and 20,195  share s of common stock,
respectively , were reserved for the conversion of warrants.
Equity Securities Offering
In June 2014, Exelon marketed an equity offering of 57.5 million shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $35 per
share. In connection with such offering, Exelon entered into forward sale agreements with two counterparties. In July 2015, Exelon
settled the forward sale agreement by the issuance of 57.5 million  shares of Exelon common stock. Exelon received net cash
proceeds of $1.87 billion , which was calculated based on a forward price of $32.48  per share as specified in the forward sale
agreements. The net proceeds were used to fund the merger with PHI and related costs and expenses, and for general corporate
purposes. The forward sale agreements are classified as equity transactions. As a result, no amounts were recorded in the
consolidated financial statements until the July 2015 settlement of the forward sale agreements. However , prior to the July 2015
settlement, incremental shares, if any , were included within the calculation of diluted EPS using the treasury stock method.
Concurrent with the forward equity transaction, Exelon also issued $1.15 billion  of junior subordinated notes in the form of 23 million
equity units.  On June 1, 2017, Exelon settled the forward purchase contract, which was a component of the June 2014 equity units,
through the issuance of Exelon common stock from treasury stock. See Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents for additional
information on the equity units.
Share Repurchases
Share Repurchase Programs
There currently is no Exelon Board of Director authority to repurchase shares. Any previous share s repurchased are held as treasury
shares, at cost, unless cancelled or reissued at the discretion of Exelon’ s management. Under the previous share repurchase
programs, 2 millio n share s of common stock were held as treasury stock with a historical cost of $123 million at December 31, 2018
and 2017 . Durin g 2017 , Exelo n issued approxim ately 33 million shares of Exelon common stock from treasury stock in order to settle
the forward purchase contract, which was a component of the June 2014 equity units discuss ed above. During 2018 , 2017 , and
2016  Exelon had no common stock repurchases.
Preferred and Preference Securities of Subsidiaries
At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelo n was authorized  to issue up to 100,000,000  shares of preferred securities, none  of which
were outstanding.
412
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , ComEd prior preferred securities and ComEd cumulative preference securities consisted of
850,000  shares and 6,810,451  shares authorized, respectively , none  of which were outstanding.
BGE had $190 million  of cumulative preferenc e stock that was redeemable at its option at any time after October 1, 2015 for the
redemption price of $100  per share, plus accrued  and unpaid dividends. On July 3, 2016, BGE redeemed all 400,000  shares of its
outstanding 7.125%  Cumulative Preference Stock, 1993 Series and all 600,000  shares of its outstanding 6.990%  Cumulative
Preference Stock, 1995 Series for $100 million , plus accrued and unpaid dividends. On September 18, 2016, BGE redeemed the
remaining 500,000  shares of its outstanding 6.970%  Cumulative Preference Stock, 1993 Series and the remaining 400,000  shares
of its outstanding 6.700%  Cumulative Preference Stock, 1993 Series for $90 million , plus accrued and unpaid dividends.
19. Stock-Based Compensation Plans  (All Registrants)
Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Exelon grants stock-based awards through its LTIP, which primarily includes stock options, restricted stock units and performance
share awards. At December 31, 2018 , there were approximately 11 million  shares authorized for issuance under the LTIP. For the
years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , exercised and distributed stock-based awards were primarily issued from
authorized but unissued common stock shares.
ComEd, PECO, BGE and PHI grant cash awards . The following tables do not include expense related to these plans as they are not
considered stock-based compensation plans under the applicable authoritative guidance .
In connectio n with the acquisition of PHI in March 2016, PHI’s unvested time-based restricted stock units and performance-based
restricted stock units issued prior to April 29, 2014 were immediately vested and paid in cash upon the close of the merger .  PHI’s
remaining unvested time-based restricted stock units as of the close of the merger were cancelled.  There were no remaining
unvested performance-based restricted stock units as of the close of the merger .
For the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 , there were no significant modifications to the granted stock based awards.
The following tables present the stock-based compensation expense included in Exelon's and PHI’s Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Compre hensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  and PHI's predecessor period
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 :
ExelonYear Ended
December 31,
Components of Stock-Based Compensation Expense 2018  2017  2016 (a)
Performance share awards $ 143  $ 107  $ 93
Restricted stock units 57 77 75
Stock options — — —
Other stock-based awards 8 7 7
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating and
maintenance expense 208  191  175
Income tax benefit (54) (74) (68)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 154  $ 117  $ 107
__________
(a)2016 amounts include expense related to stock-based compensation granted to eligible PHI employees since the merger date of March 23,
2016.
413
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
PHI
 Predecessor
 January 1 to March
23,
Components of Stock-Based Compensation Expense 2016
Time-based restricted stock units $ 2
Performance-based restricted stock units 1
Time-based restricted stock awards —
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating and
maintenance expense 3
Income tax benefit (1)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 2
The following tables present the Registrants' stock-based compensation expense (pre-tax) for the years ended December 31, 2018 ,
2017  and 2016 , as well as for the PHI predecessor period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 :
 Year Ended
December 31,
Subsidiaries 2018  2017  2016
Exelon $ 208  $ 191  $ 175
Generation 77 88 78
ComEd 8 7 8
PECO 5 3 3
BGE 3 1 1
BSC(a)111  88 81
PHI Successor(b)(c)4 4 4
 Predecessor
 January 1 to
March 23,
 2016
PHI $ 3
__________
(a)These amounts primarily represent amounts billed to Exelon’s subsidiaries through intercompany allocations. These amounts are not included in
the Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE or PHI amounts above.
(b)Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was not material.
(c)These amounts primarily represent amounts billed to PHI’s subsidiaries through PHISCO intercompany allocations.
There were no significan t stock-based compensation costs capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016
for Exelon or PHI, or for PHI during the predecessor period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 .
414
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Exelon recei ves a tax deduction based on the intrinsic value of the award on the exercise date for stock options and the distribution
date for performance share awards and restricted stock units. For each award, throughout the requisite service period, Exelon
recognizes the tax benef it related to compensation costs. The following tables present informatio n regarding Exelon’ s tax benefits for
the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 .
Exelon Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Realized tax benefit when exercised/distributed:   
Restricted stock units 28 35 27
Performance share awards 16 29 18
Stock Options
Non-qualified stock options to purchase shares  of Exelon’ s common stock were granted under the LTIP through 2012. Due to
changes in the LTIP, there were no stock options granted in 2018 , 2017  and 2016 . For all stock options granted through 2012, the
exercise price of the stock options is equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of option grant. The vesting
period of stock options is generally four years and all stock options will expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
The value of stock options at the date of grant is expensed over the requisite service period using the straight-line method. The
requisite service period for stock options is generally four years . However , certain stock options become fully vested upon the
employee reaching retire ment-eligibility . The value of the stock options granted to retirement-eligible employees is either recognized
immediately upon the date of grant or through the date at which the employee reaches retirement eligibility .
The following table presents information with respect to stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 :
 SharesWeighted
Average
Exercise
Price
(per share)Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life
(years)  Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31, 2017 6,723,611 $ 47.69 2.65  $ 7
Options exercised (1,522,952 ) 36.54    
Options forfeited — —    
Options expired (1,173,007 ) 74.99    
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31, 2018 4,027,652 $ 43.95 2.90  $ 14
Exercisable at December 31, 2018 (a)4,027,652 $ 43.95 2.90  $ 14
__________
(a)Includes stock options issued to retirement eligible employees.
The following table summarizes additional information regarding stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2018 ,
2017  and 2016 :
 Year Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017 2016
Intrinsic value(a)$ 12 $ 15 $ 11
Cash received for exercise price 56 107 19
__________
(a)The difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the option exercise price.
415
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
At December 31, 2016 , all stock options were vested and at December 31, 2018  there were no unrecogn ized compensation costs
related to nonvested stock options.
Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock units are granted under the LTIP with the majority being settled in a specific number of shares of common stock
after the service conditio n has been met. The corresponding cost of services is measured base d on the grant date fair value of the
restricted stock unit issued.
The value of the restrict ed stock units is expensed over the requisite service period using the straight-line method. The requisite
service period for restric ted stock units is generally three  to five years . However , certain restri cted stock unit awards become fully
vested upon the employee reaching retirement-eligibility . The value of the restricted stock units granted to retirement-eligible
employees is either recognized immediately upon the date of grant or through the date at which the employee reaches retirement
eligibility . Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested restricted stock unit activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 :
Exelon
 SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2017(a)3,389,503 $ 32.24
Granted 1,321,988 38.60
Vested (1,845,300 ) 32.03
Forfeited (65,046 ) 32.96
Undistributed vested awards (b)(507,804 ) 36.76
Nonvested at December 31, 2018(a)2,293,341 $ 35.06
__________
(a)Excludes 1,131,487 and 1,488,383 of restricted stock units issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents restricted stock units that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2018.
For Exelon, the weighted average grant date fair value (per share) of restricted stock units granted for the years ended
December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016  was $38.60 , $34.98  and $28.14 , respectivel y. At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon had
obligations related to outstanding restricted stock units not yet settled of $83 million  and $108 million , respectively , which are
included in common stock in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 ,
Exelon settled restricted stock units with fair value totaling $106 million , $88 million  and $68 million , respectively . At December 31,
2018 , $38 million  of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested restricted stock units are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 2.5 years.
Performance Share Awards
Performance share awards are granted under the LTIP. The performance share awards are settled 50% in common stock and 50%
in cash at the end of the three-year performanc e period, except for awards granted to vice presidents and higher officers that are
settled 100%  in cash if certain ownership requirements are satisfied.
The common stock portion of the performance share awards is considered an equity award and is valued based on Exelon's stock
price on the grant date. The cash portion of the performance share awards is considered a liabili ty award which is remeasured each
reporting period based on Exelon’ s current stock  price. As the value of the common stock and cash portions of the awards are based
on Exelon’ s stock price during the performance period, coupled with changes in the total shareh older return modifier and expected
payout of the award, the compensation costs are subject to volatility until payout is established.
416
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Effective January 2017 for nonretirement-eligible employees, stock-based compensation costs are recognized over the vesting
period of three years using the straight-line method. For performance share awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, the
value of the performance shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period, which is the year of grant.
In 2016 and prior, for nonretirement-eligible employees, stock-based compensation costs are recognized over the vesting period of
three years using the graded-vesting method. For performance share awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, the value of
the performance shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period, which is the year of grant.
Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested performance share awards activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 :
Exelon  
 SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2017(a)2,956,966 $ 32.65
Granted 1,637,542 38.15
Change in performance 1,348,029 30.66
Vested (848,574 ) 36.26
Forfeited (50,467 ) 36.24
Undistributed vested awards (b)(1,640,268 ) 33.38
Nonvested at December 31, 2018(a)3,403,228 $ 33.13
__________
(a)Excludes 3,586,259 and 2,723,440 of performance share awards issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents performance share awards that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2018.
The following table summ arizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the fair value of performance share awards granted
and settled for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 :
 Year Ended
December 31,
 2018 (a)  2017  2016
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 38.15  $ 35.00  $ 28.85
Fair value of performance shares settled 61 72 45
Fair value of performance shares settled in cash 49 56 28
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2018, $33 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance shares are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 1.7 years.
For PHI, the weighted average grant date fair value (per share) of performance-based restricte d stock awards was $26.10  for the
year ended December 31, 2016 . There were no time-based restricted stock awards granted for the year ended December 31, 2016 .
There were no time-based share settlements or performance-based share settlements for the year-ended December 31, 2016  or the
predecessor period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 .
417
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table presents the balance sheet classification of obligations related to outstanding performance share awards not yet
settled:
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Current liabilities(a)$ 135 $ 57
Deferred credits and other liabilities(b)109 100
Common stock 26 26
Total $ 270 $ 183
__________
(a)Represents the current liability related to performance share awards expected to be settled in cash.
(b)Represents the long-term liability related to performance share awards expected to be settled in cash.
20. Earnings Per Share  (Exelon)
Basic earnin gs per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to
common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, including the effect of issuing common
stock assuming (i) stock  options are exercised, and (ii) performance share awards and restricted  stock awards are fully vested under
the treasury stock method.
The following table sets forth the components of basic and diluted earnings per share and shows the effect of these stock options,
performance share awards and restricted stock awards on the weighted average number of shares outstanding used in calculating
diluted earnings per share: 
 Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 2,010 $ 3,786 $ 1,121
Weighted average common shares outstanding — basic 967 947 924
Assumed exercise and/or distributions of stock-based awards 2 2 3
Weighted average common shares outstanding — diluted 969 949 927
The number  of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive effect was
approximately 3 millio n in 2018 , 8 millio n in 2017 , and 12 million in 2016 . There were no equity  units  related to the PHI merger not
included in the calculatio n of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive effect for the years ended December 31,
2018 , 2017 , and 2016 . See Note 18 — Shareholders' Equity  for additional informatio n regarding the equity units and equity forward
units.
On June 1, 2017, Exelon settled the forward purchase contract, which was a component of the June 2014 equity units, through the
issuance of approximate ly 33 million  shares of Exelon common stock from treasury stock. The issuance of shares on June 1, 2017
triggered full dilution in the EPS calculation, which prior to settlement were included in the calculation of diluted EPS using the
treasury stock method. See Note 18 — Shareholders' Equity  for additional information regarding share repurchases.
418
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
21. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  (Exelon, Generation and PECO)
The followin g tables present changes in accumu lated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) by component for the years ended
December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
For the Year Ended December 31,
2018Gains and
(Losses) on
Cash Flow
HedgesUnrealized
Gains and
(losses) on
Marketable
SecuritiesPension and
Non-Pension
Postretirement
Benefit Plan
ItemsForeign
Currency
ItemsAOCI of Investments
Unconsolidated
Affiliates Total
Exelon(a)
Beginning balance $ (14) $ 10 $ (2,998 )$ (23)$ (1) $(3,026 )
OCI before reclassifications 11 — (143) (10) 1 (141)
Amounts reclassified from
AOCI(b)1 — 181 — — 182
Net current-period OCI 12 — 38 (10) 1 41
Impact of adoption of
Recognition and
Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial
Liabilities standard(c)— (10) — — — (10)
Ending balance $ (2)$ — $ (2,960 )$ (33)$ — $(2,995 )
Generation(a)  
Beginning balance $ (16) $ 3$ — $ (23)$ (1) $ (37)
OCI before reclassifications 11 — — (10) — 1
Amounts reclassified from
AOCI(b)1 — — — — 1
Net current-period OCI 12 — — (10) — 2
Impact of adoption of
Recognition and
Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial
Liabilities standard(c)— (3) — — — (3)
Ending balance $ (4)$ — $ — $ (33)$ (1)$ (38)
PECO(a)  
Beginning balance $ — $ 1$ — $ — $ — $ 1
OCI before reclassifications — — — — — —
Amounts reclassified from
AOCI(b)— — — — — —
Net current-period OCI — — — — — —
Impact of adoption of
Recognition and
Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial
Liabilities standard(c)— (1) — — — (1)
Ending balance $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
419
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2017Gains and
(Losses) on
Cash Flow
HedgesUnrealized
Gains on
Marketable
SecuritiesPension and
Non-Pension
Postretirement
Benefit Plan
itemsForeign
Currency
ItemsAOCI of Investments
Unconsolidated
Affiliates  Total
Exelon(a)       
Beginning balance $ (17)$ 4$ (2,610 )$ (30)$ (7) $(2,660 )
OCI before reclassifications (1) 6 11 7 6 29
Amounts reclassified from
AOCI(b) 4 — 140 — — 144
Net current-period OCI 3 6 151 7 6 173
Impact of adoption of
Reclassification of Certain Tax
Effects from AOCI(d) — — (539) — — (539)
Ending balance $ (14)$ 10 $ (2,998 )$ (23)$ (1)$(3,026 )
Generation(a)  
Beginning balance $ (19)$ 2$ — $ (30)$ (7) $ (54)
OCI before reclassifications (1) 1 — 7 6 13
Amounts reclassified from
AOCI(b) 4 — — — — 4
Net current-period OCI 3 1 — 7 6 17
Ending balance $ (16)$ 3$ — $ (23)$ (1)$ (37)
PECO(a)  
Beginning balance $ — $ 1$ — $ — $ — $ 1
OCI before reclassifications — — — — — —
Amounts reclassified from
AOCI(b) — — — — — —
Net current-period OCI — — — — — —
Ending balance $ — $ 1$ — $ — $ — $ 1
__________ 
(a)All amounts are net of tax and noncontrolling interests. Amounts in parenthesis represent a decrease in AOCI.
(b)See next tables for details about these reclassifications.
(c)Exelon prospectively adopted the new standard Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard was
adopted as of January 1, 2018, which resulted in an increase to Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $10 million,
$3 million and $1 million for Exelon, Generation and PECO, respectively. The amounts reclassified related to Rabbi Trusts. See Note 1 —
Significant Accounting Policies for additional information.
(d)Exelon early adopted the new standard Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from AOCI. The standard was adopted retrospectively as of
December 31, 2017, which resulted in an increase to Exelon’s Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $539 million,
primarily related to deferred income taxes associated with Exelon’s pension and OPEB obligations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies for additional information.
420
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE did not have any reclassifications out of AOCI to Net income during the years
ended December 31, 2018  and 2017 . The followi ng tables present amounts reclassified out of AOCI to Net income for Exelon and
Generation during the years ended December 31, 2018  and 2017 :
For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
Details about AOCI components Items reclassified out of AOCI(a)Affected line item in the Statement of
Operations and Comprehensive Income
  Exelon Generation  
Gains (Losses) on cash flow hedges   
Other cash flow hedges $ (1)$ (1)Interest expense
(1) (1)Total before tax
— — Tax benefit
$ (1)$ (1)Net of tax
  
Amortization of pension and other
postretirement benefit plan items
Prior service costs(b) $ 90 $ —  
Actuarial losses(b) (333) —  
(243) — Total before tax
62 — Tax benefit
$ (181)$ — Net of tax
  
Total Reclassifications $ (182)$ (1)Net of tax
421
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2017
Details about AOCI components Items reclassified out of AOCI(a)Affected line item in the Statement of
Operations and Comprehensive Income
  Exelon Generation  
Gains (Losses) on cash flow hedges   
Other cash flow hedges $ (5)$ (5)Interest expense
(5) (5)Total before tax
1 1 Tax benefit
$ (4)$ (4)Net of tax
  
Amortization of pension and other
postretirement benefit plan items   
Prior service costs(b)$ 92 $ —  
Actuarial losses(b)(324) —  
(232) — Total before tax
92 — Tax benefit
$ (140)$ — Net of tax
  
Total Reclassifications $ (144)$ (4)Net of tax
__________
(a)Amounts in parenthesis represent a decrease in net income.
(b)This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB cost. See Note 16 — Retirement Benefits for additional
information.
422
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following table presents income tax benefit (expense) allocated to each component of other comprehensive income (loss)
during the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 :
 For the Year Ended December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Exelon     
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:     
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost $ 24 $ 36 $ 30
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost (86) (128) (118)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans valuation
adjustment 50 13 115
Change in unrealized gains on cash flow hedges (5) (7) —
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments in unconsolidated af filiates — (3) 3
Change in unrealized gains on marketable securities — (1) —
Total $ (17) $ (90)$ 30
     
Generation     
Change in unrealized gains on cash flow hedges $ (4) $ (6) $ (2)
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments in unconsolidated af filiates (1) (3) 3
Change in unrealized gains on marketable securities — (1) —
Total $ (5) $ (10)$ 1
22. Commitments and Contingencies  (All Registrants)
Commitments
Constellation Merger Commitments (Exelon and Generation). In February 2012, the MDPSC issued an Orde r approving the
Exelon and Constellation  merger . As part of the MDPSC Order , Exelon agreed to provide a package of benefits to BGE customers,
the City of Baltimore and the State of Maryland, resulting in an estimated direct investment in the State of Maryland of approximately
$1 billion .
The direct investment included the construction of a new 21-story headquarters building in Baltimore for Generation’ s competitive
energy business that was substantially complete in November 2016 and is now occupied by approximately 1,500  Exelon
employees.  Generation's investment in leasehold improvements totaled approximately $90 million .  In addition, Generation entered
into a 20-year operating lease as the primary lessee of the building. 
The direct investment commitment also included $450 million to $500 million relatin g to Exelon and Generation’ s development or
assistance in the development of 285 - 300 MWs of new generation  in Maryland, which is expected to be completed within a period
of 10 years after the merger . The MDPSC order contemplated various options for complying with the new generation development
commitments, including building or acquiring generating assets, making subsidy or compliance payments, or in circumstances in
which the generation build is delayed or certain specified provisions are elected, making liquidated damages payments. Exelon and
Generation have incurred $458 million towar ds satisfying the commitment for new generation development in the state of Maryland,
with approximately 220 MW of the new generation commencing with commercial operations to date and an additional 10 MW
commitment satisfied through a liquidated damages payment made in the fourth quarter of 2016. Additionally , during the fourth
quarter of 2016, given continued declines in projected energy and capacity prices, Generation terminated rights to certain
development projects originally intended to meet its remaining 55 MW commitment amount. The commitment is expected to be
satisfied via payment of liquidated damages or execution of a third party PPA, rather than by Generation constructing renewable
generating assets. As a result, Exelon and Generation
423
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
recorded a pre-tax $50 million  loss contingency in Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2016. The remaining commitment is to be
paid on or before January 15, 2023 unless the period is extended by consent of Exelon and the State of Maryland. As of
December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Exelon's and Generatio n's Consolidated Balance Sheets include a $50 million  liability within Deferred
credits and other liabilities for this remaining commitment.
Commercial Commitments (All Registrants). Exelon’ s commercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representing
commitments potentially triggered by future events, were as follows:
  Expiration within
 Total 2019  2020  2021 2022 2023 2024 and beyond
Letters of credit $ 1,703 $1,394  $ 308  $ 1$ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a)1,402 1,331  33 38 — — —
Financing trust guarantees 378 — — — — — 378
Guaranteed lease residual values(b)24 3 3 2 3 3 10
Total commercial commitments $ 3,507 $2,728  $ 344  $ 41 $ 3 $ 3$ 388
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The maximum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 3 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at
the end of the minimum lease term would be $61 million, $19 million of which is a guarantee by Pepco, $26 million by DPL and $16 million by
ACE. The minimum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 4 years. Historically, payments under the guarantees have not
been made and PHI believes the likelihood of payments being required under the guarantees is remote.
Generation’ s commercia l commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representing commitments potentially triggered  by future events,
were as follows:
 Expiration within
 Total 2019  2020  2021  2022  2023 2024 and beyond
Letters of credit $ 1,680 $1,380  $ 299  $ 1 $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a)
1,220 1,201  19 — — — —
Total commercial commitments $ 2,900 $2,581  $ 318  $ 1 $ — $ — $ —
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
ComEd’ s commercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , repre senting commitments potentially triggered by future events, were
as follows:
 Expiration within
 Total 2019 2020 2021  2022  2023 2024 and beyond
Letters of credit $ 2$ 2$ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a)12 10 — 2 — — —
Financing trust guarantees 200 — — — — — 200
Total commercial commitments $ 214 $ 12 $ — $ 2 $ — $ — $ 200
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
424
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
PECO’ s commercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representin g commitme nts potentially triggered by future events, were
as follows: 
 
 Expiration within
 Total 2019  2020  2021  2022 2023 2024 and beyond
Surety bonds(a)$ 9 $ 9 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Financing trust guarantees 178  — — — — — 178
Total commercial commitments $ 187  $ 9 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 178
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
BGE’ s comm ercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representin g commitments potentially triggered by future events, were
as follows:
  
 Expiration within
 Total 2019 2020 2021 2022  2023  2024 and beyond
Letters of credit $ 3 $ 2$ 1$ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a) 17 3 14 — — — —
Total commercial commitments $ 20 $ 5$ 15 $ — $ — $ — $ —
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
PHI commercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representing commitments potentially triggered by future events, were as
follows:
 Expiration within
 Total 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023  2024 and beyond
Letters of credit $ 8$ — $ 8$ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a) $ 41 $ 41 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b)24 3 3 2 3 3 10
Total commercial commitments $ 73 $ 44 $ 11 $ 2$ 3$ 3$ 10
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The maximum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 3 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at
the end of the minimum lease term would be $61 million. The minimum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 4 years.
Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and PHI believes the likelihood of payments being required under the
guarantees is remote.
425
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Pepco comm ercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representin g commitments potentially triggered by future events, were
as follows:
 Expiration within
 Total 2019 2020  2021  2022 2023  2024 and beyond
Letters of credit $ 8$ — $ 8 $ — $ — $ — $ —
Surety bonds(a)$ 33 $ 33 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b)8 1 1 1 1 1 3
Total commercial commitments $ 49 $ 34 $ 9 $ 1 $ 1$ 1 $ 3
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The maximum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 3 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at
the end of the minimum lease term would be $19 million. The minimum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 4 years.
Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and Pepco believes the likelihood of payments being required under the
guarantees is remote.
DPL commercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representing commitments potentially triggered by future events, were as
follows:
  
 Expiration within
 Total 2019 2020 2021 2022  2023  2024 and beyond
Surety bonds(a)$ 5 $ 5$ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b)10 1 1 1 1 1 5
Total commercial commitments $ 15 $ 6$ 1$ 1$ 1 $ 1 $ 5
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The maximum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 3 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at
the end of the minimum lease term would be $26 million. The minimum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 4 years.
Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and DPL believes the likelihood of payments being required under the
guarantees is remote.
ACE commercial commitments as of December 31, 2018 , representing commitments potentially triggered by future events, were as
follows:
 
 Expiration within
 Total 2019  2020  2021  2022  2023  2024 and beyond
Surety bonds(a) $ 3 $ 3 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Guaranteed lease residual values(b)6 1 1 — 1 1 2
Total commercial commitments $ 9 $ 4 $ 1 $ — $ 1 $ 1 $ 2
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The maximum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 3 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at
the end of the minimum lease term would be $16 million. The minimum lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 4 years.
Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and ACE believes the likelihood of payments being required under the
guarantees is remote.
426
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Leases (All Registrants)
Minimum future operatin g lease payments, including lease payments for contracted generation, vehicles, real estate, computers, rail
cars, operating equipment and of fice equipment, as of December 31, 2018  were:
 Exelon(a)(b) Generation(a)(b) ComEd(a)(c) PECO(a)(c) BGE(a)(c)(d)(e) PHI(a) Pepco(a) DPL(a)(c) ACE(a)
2019 $ 140  $ 33 $ 7$ 5 $ 35 $ 48 $ 11 $ 14 $ 7
2020 149  46 5 5 35 46 10 13 6
2021 143  46 4 5 33 43 9 12 5
2022 126   47  4 5 18 42 8 12 5
2023 97 46 3 5 3 39 8 10 4
Remaining
years 723  545  — — 19 159 40 35 5
Total
minimum
future lease
payments $ 1,378  $ 763  $ 23 $ 25 $ 143  $ 377 $ 86 $ 96 $ 32
__________
(a)Includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(b)Excludes Generation’s contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements.
(c)Amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. As a result, ComEd, PECO, BGE
and DPL have excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. ComEd's, PECO’s, BGE’s and
DPL's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2019 - 2023, was $3 million, $5 million, $1 million and $1
million respectively. Also includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)Includes all future lease payments on a 99-year real estate lease that expires in 2106.
(e)The BGE column above includes minimum future lease payments associated with a 6-year lease for the Baltimore City conduit system that
became effective during the fourth quarter of 2016. BGE's total commitments under the lease agreement are $26 million, $28 million, $28 million
and $14 million related to years 2019 - 2022 , respectively.
The following table presents the Registrants’  rental expense under operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016:
For the Year Ended
December 31, Exelon Generation(a) ComEd PECO  BGE  Pepco  DPL ACE
2018 $ 670 $ 558  $ 7$ 10 $ 35 $ 10 $ 13 $ 8
2017 709 578  9 9 32 11 16 14
2016 777 667  15 7 22 8 15 13
Successor  Predecessor
For the Year Ended
December 31, 2018For the Year Ended
December 31, 2017 March 24, 2016 to
December 31, 2016 January 1, 2016 to
March 23, 2016
PHI     
Rental expense under
operating leases $ 48 $ 63 $ 49 $ 12
__________
(a)Includes contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements that are not included in the minimum future
operating lease payments table above. Payments made under Generation’s contracted generation lease agreements totaled $493 million, $508
million and $604 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Excludes contract amortization associated with purchase accounting and
contract acquisitions.
For information regarding capital lease obligations, see Note 13—Debt and Credit Agreements.
427
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Nuclear Insurance (Exelon and Generation)
Generation is subject to liability , property damage and other risks associated with major incidents at any of its nuclear stations.
Generation has mitigated its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions.
The Price-Anderson Act was enacted to ensure the availability of funds for public liability claims arising from an incident at any of the
U.S. license d nuclear facilities and to limit the liability of nuclear reactor owners for such claims from any single incident. As of
December 31, 2018 , the current  liability limit per incident is $14.1 billion  and is subject to change  to account for the effects of inflation
and changes in the number of licensed reactors at least once every five years with the last adjustment effective November 1, 2018.
In accordance with the Price-Anderson Act, Generation maintains financial protection at levels equal to the amount of liability
insurance available from private sources through the purchase of private nuclear energy liability insurance for public liability claims
that could arise in the event of an incident. Effective January 1, 2017, the required amount of nuclear energy liability insurance
purchased is $450 million for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a
financial protection pool, as required by the Price Anderson-Act, which provides the additional $13.6 billion  per inciden t in funds
available for public liability claims. Participation in this secondary financial protection pool requires the operator of each reactor to
fund its proportionate share of costs for any single incident that exceeds the primary layer of financial protection. Exelon’ s share of
this secondary layer would be approximately $3.1 billion , however any amounts  payable under this secondary layer would be
capped at $454 million  per year .
In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay public liability claims
exceeding the $14.1 billion  limit for a single incident.
As part of the execution of the NOSA  on April 1, 2014, Generation executed an Indemnity Agree ment pursuant to which Generation
agreed to indemnify EDF and its affiliates against third-party claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the
Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the CEN G nuclear plants or their operations. Exelon guarantees Generation’ s obligations
under this indemnity . See Note 2 — Variable Interest Entities  for additional information on Generation’ s operations relating to CENG.
Generation is required each year to report to the NRC the current levels and sources of property insurance that demonstrates
Generation possesses sufficient financial resources to stabilize and decontaminate a reactor and reactor station site in the event of
an accident. The property insurance maintained for each facility is currently provided through insurance policies purchased from
NEIL, an industry mutual insurance company of which Generation is a member .
NEIL  may declare distributions to its members  as a result of favorable operating experience. In recent years NEIL  has made
distributions to its memb ers, but Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. Generation's
portion of the annual distribution declared by NEIL  is estimated to be $58 million for 2018 , and was $60 million and $21 million for
2017  and 2016 , respectivel y. In addition, in March 2018, NEIL  declared a supplemental distribution. Genera tion's portion of the
supplemental distributio n declared by NEIL  was $31 million . The distributions were recorded as a reduction to Operating and
maintenance expense within Exelon and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Premiums paid to NEIL  by its members are also subject to a potential assessment for advers e loss experience in the form of a
retrospective premium obligation. NEIL  has never assessed this retrospective premium since its formation in 1973, and Generation
cannot predict the level of future assessments if any. The current maximum aggregate annual retrospective premium obligation for
Generation is approximately $345 million . NEIL requires its members to maintain an investment grade credit rating or to ensure
collectability of their annual retrospective premiu m obligation by providing a financial guarantee, letter of credit, deposit premium, or
some other means of assurance.
NEIL  provides “all risk” property damage, decontamination and premature decommissioning insurance for each station for losses
resulting from damage to its nuclear plants, either due to accidents or acts of terrorism. If the decision is made to decommission the
facility , a portion of the insurance proceeds will be allocated to a fund, which Generation is required by the NRC to maintain, to
provide for decommissio ning the facility . In the event of an insured loss, Generation is unable to predict the timing of the availability
of insurance proceeds to Generation and the amount of such proceeds that would be available. In the event that one or more acts of
terrorism cause accidental property damage within a twelve-month period from the first accidental property damage under one or
more policies
428
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
for all insure d plants, the maximum recovery by Exelon will be an aggregate of $3.2 billion plus such additional amounts as the
insurer may recover for all such losses from reinsurance, indemnity and any other source, applicable to such losses.
For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recoverable from insurers or the nuclear industry ,
could also be borne by Generation. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements.
Spent Nuclear Fuel Obligation (Exelon and Generation)
Under the NWP A, the DOE is responsible for the development of a geologic repository for and the disposal of SNF and high-level
radioactive waste. As required by the NWP A, Generation is a party to contracts with the DOE (Standard Contracts) to provide for
disposal of SNF from Generation’ s nuclear generating stations. In accordance with the NWP A and the Standard Contracts,
Generation historically had paid the DOE one mill ($0.001 ) per kWh of net nuclear generation for the cost of SNF disposal. On
November 19, 2013, the D.C. Circuit Court ordered the DOE to submit to Congress a proposal to reduce the current SNF disposal
fee to zero, unless and until there is a viable disposal program. On May 9, 2014, the DOE notifie d Generation that the SNF disposal
fee remained in effect through May 15, 2014, after which time the fee was set to zero. As a result , for the years ended December 31,
2018 , 2017  and 2016 , Gene ration did not incur any expense in SNF disposal fees. Until a new fee structure is in effect, Exelon and
Generation will not accrue any further costs related to SNF disposal fees. This fee may be adjusted prospectively to ensure full cost
recovery . The NWP A and the Standard Contracts required the DOE to begin taking posses sion of SNF generated by nuclear
generating units by no later than January 31, 1998. The DOE, however , failed to meet that dead line and its performance has been,
and is expected to be, delayed significantly .
The 2010 Federal budget (which became effective October 1, 2009) eliminated almost all funding for the creation of the Yucca
Mountain repository while the Obama Administration devised a new strategy for long-term SNF management. The Blue Ribbon
Commission (BRC) on America’ s Nuclear Future, appointed by the U.S. Energy Secretary , relea sed a report on January 26, 2012,
detailing comprehensive recommendations for creating a safe, long-term solution for managing and disposing of the nation’ s SNF
and high-level radioactive waste.
In early 2013, the DOE issued an updated “Strategy for the Management and Disposal of Used Nuclear Fuel and High-Level
Radioactive Waste” in response to the BRC recommendations. This strategy included a consolidated interim storage facility that was
planned to be operational in 2025. However , due to continued delays on the part of the DOE, Generation currently assumes the
DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2030 and uses  that date for purposes of estimating the nuclear decommissioning asset retirement
obligations. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on management’ s estimates of the amount of time required for DOE to
select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term SNF storage.
In August 2004, Generation and the DOJ, in close consultation with the DOE, reached a settle ment under which the government
agreed to reimburse Generation, subject to certain damage limitations based on the extent of the government’ s breach, for costs
associated with storage of SNF at Generation’ s nuclear stations pending the DOE’ s fulfillment of its obligations. Generation’ s
settlement agreement does not include FitzPatri ck and FitzPatrick does not currently have a settlement agreement in place. Calvert
Cliffs, Ginna and Nine Mile Point each have separate settlement agreements in place with the DOE which were extended during
2017 to provide for the reimbursement of SNF storage costs through December 31, 2019. Generation submits annual
reimbursement requests  to the DOE for costs associated with the storage of SNF. In all cases,  reimbursement requests are made
only after costs are incurred and only for costs resulting from DOE delays in accepting the SNF .
Under the settlement agreements, Generation has received cumulative cash reimbursements for costs incurred as follows:
 Total Net(a)
Cumulative cash reimbursements(b)
$ 1,274 $ 1,100
__________
(a)Total after considering amounts due to co-owners of certain nuclear stations and to the former owner of Oyster Creek.
(b)Includes $53 and $49, respectively, for amounts received since April 1, 2014, for costs incurred under the CENG DOE Settlement Agreements
prior to the consolidation of CENG.
429
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the amount of SNF storage costs for which reimbursement has been or will be requested from
the DOE under the DOE settlement agreements is as follows:
 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017
DOE receivable - current(a)$ 124  $ 94
DOE receivable - noncurrent(b)15 15
Amounts owed to co-owners(a)(c)(17) (11)
__________
(a)Recorded in Accounts receivable, other.
(b)Recorded in Deferred debits and other assets, other
(c)Non-CENG amounts owed to co-owners are recorded in Accounts receivable, other.  CENG amounts owed to co-owners are recorded in
Accounts payable. Represents amounts owed to the co-owners of Peach Bottom, Quad Cities, and Nine Mile Point Unit 2 generating facilities.
The Standard Contracts with the DOE also required the payment to the DOE of a one-time fee applicable to nuclear generation
through April 6, 1983. The fee related to the former PECO units has been paid. Pursuant to the Standard Contracts, ComEd
previously elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $277 million  for its units (which are now part of Generation), with interest
to the date of payment,  until just prior to the first delivery of SNF to the DOE. The unfunded  liabilities for SNF disposal costs,
including the one-time fee, were transferred to Generation as part of Exelon’ s 2001 corpor ate restructuring. A prior owner of
FitzPatrick also elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $34 million , with interest to the date of payment, for the FitzPatrick
unit. As part of the FitzPatrick acquisition on March 31, 2017, Generation assumed a SNF liability for the DOE one-time fee
obligation with interest related to FitzPatrick along with an offsetting asset for the contractual right to reimbursement from NYPA, a
prior owner of FitzPatrick, for amounts paid for the FitzPatrick DOE one-time fee obligation. The amounts were recorded at fair
value. See Note 4 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information on the FitzPatrick acquisition. As of
December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the SNF liability for the one-time fee with interest was $1,171 million  and $1,147 million , respectivel y,
which is included in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest for Exelon's and Generation's SNF liabilities
accrues at the 13-week Treasury Rate. The 13-week Treasury Rate in effect for calculation of the interest accrual at December 31,
2018  was 2.351%  for the deferred amou nt transferred from ComEd and 2.217%  for the deferred FitzP atrick amount. The
outstanding one-time fee obligations for the Nine Mile Point, Ginna, Oyster Creek and TMI units remain with the former owners. The
Clinton and Calvert Cliffs units have no outstanding obligation. See Note 11 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities  for
additional information.
Environmental Remediation Matters
General (All Registrants).  The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures to
comply with environmental laws. Additionally , under Federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for
the costs of remediating  environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by
hazardous substances generated by them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate  parcels, including parcels on which
their operations or the operations of others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under
environmental laws. In addition, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceeding s relating to sites where hazardous
substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. Unless otherwise disclosed, the
Registrants cannot reasonably estimate whether they will incur significant liabilities for additional  investigation and remediation costs
at these or additional sites identified by the Registrants, environmental agencies or others, or whether such costs will be recoverable
from third parties, including customers. Additional costs could have a material, unfavorable impact on the Registrants' financial
statements.
MGP  Sites (Exelon and the Utility Registrant s). ComEd, PECO, BGE and DPL have identified sites where former MGP  or gas
purification activities have or may have resulted in actual site contamination. For almost all of these sites, there are additional PRPs
that may share responsibility for the ultimate remediation of each location.
•ComEd has identified 42 sites, 21 of which have been remediated and approved by the Illinois EPA or the U.S. EPA and 21
that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. ComEd expects the majority of the remediation at
these sites to continue through at least 2023.
430
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
•PECO has identified 26 sites, 17 of which have been remediated in accordance with applicable PA DEP regulatory
requirements and 9 that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. PECO expects the majority of
the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2022.
•BGE has identified 13 sites, 9 of which have been remediated and approved by the MDE and 4 that require some level of
remediation and/or ongoing activity . BGE expect s the majority of the remediation at these sites to continue through at least
2019.
•DPL has identified 3 sites, 2 of which remediation has been completed and approved by the MDE or the Delaware
Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control. The remaining site is under study and the required cost at
the site is not expected to be material.
The historical nature of the MGP  sites and the fact that many of the sites have been buried and built over, impacts the ability to
determine a precise estimate of the ultimate costs prior to initial sampling and determination of the exact scope and method of
remedial activity . Management determines its best estimate of remediation costs using all available information at the time of each
study , including probabilistic and deterministic modeling for ComEd and PECO, and the remediation standards currently required by
the applicable state environmental agency .  Prior to completion of any significant clean up, each site remediation plan is approved by
the appropriate state environmental agency .
ComEd, pursuant to an ICC order , and PECO, pursuant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, are
currently recovering environmental remediation costs of former MGP  facility sites through customer rates. See Note 4 — Regulatory
Matters  for additional information regarding the associated regulatory assets. While BGE and DPL do not have riders for MGP  clean-
up costs, they have historically received recovery of actual clean-up costs in distribution rates.
During the third quarter  of 2018, the Utility Registrants completed a study of their future estimated environmental remediation
requirements. The study resulted in a $48 million  increase to the environm ental liability and related regulatory asset for ComEd. The
increase was primarily due to a revised closure strategy at one site, which resulted in an increas e in the excavation area and depth
of impacted soils from the site. The study did not result in a material change to the environmental liability for PECO, BGE, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE.
As of December 31, 2018  and 2017 , the Registr ants had accrued the following undis counted amounts for environmental liabilities in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities within their respective Consolidated Balance Sheets:
December 31, 2018Total environmental
investigation
and remediation reservePortion of total related to MGP
investigation and remediation
Exelon $ 496 $ 356
Generation 108 —
ComEd 329 327
PECO 27 25
BGE 5 4
PHI 27 —
Pepco 25 —
DPL 1 —
ACE 1 —
431
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
December 31, 2017Total environmental
investigation
and remediation reservePortion of total related to MGP
investigation and remediation
Exelon $ 466 $ 315
Generation 117 —
ComEd 285 283
PECO 30 28
BGE 5 4
PHI 29 —
Pepco 27 —
DPL 1 —
ACE 1 —
Cotter Corporation (Exelon and Generation).  The EPA has advised Cotter Corporation (Cotter), a former ComEd subsidiary , that it
is potentially liable in connection with radiological contamination at a site known as the West Lake Landfill in Missouri. In 2000,
ComEd sold Cotter to an unaffiliated third-party . As part of the sale, ComEd agreed to indemnify Cotter for any liability arising in
connection with the West Lake Landfill. In connection with Exelon’ s 2001 corporate restructuring, this responsibility to indemnify
Cotter was transferred to Generation. On May 29, 2008, the EPA issued a Record of Decisio n (ROD) approving a landfill cover
remediation approach. By letter dated January 11, 2010, the EPA requested that the PRPs perform a supplemental feasibility study
for a remedi ation alterna tive that would involve complete excavation of the radiological contamin ation. On September 30, 2011, the
PRPs subm itted the supplemental feasibility study to the EPA for review . Since June 2012, the EPA has requested that the PRPs
perform a series of additional analyses and groundwater and soil sampling as part of the supplemental feasibility study . This further
analysis was focused on a partial excavation remedial option. The PRPs provided the draft final Remedial Investigation and
Feasibility Study (RI/FS) to the EPA in January 2018, which formed the basis for EPA’s proposed remedy selection, as further
discussed below . There are currently three PRPs participating in the West Lake Landfill remediation proceeding. Investigation by
Generation has identified a number of other parties who also may be PRPs and could be liable to contribute to the final remedy .
Further investigation is ongoing.
On Septemb er 27, 2018 the EPA issued its ROD Amendment for the selection of the final remedy for the West Lake Landfill
Superfund site. The ROD modifies the EPA’s previously proposed plan for partial excavation of the radiological materials by reducing
the depths of the excavation. The ROD also allows for variation in depths of excavation depen ding on radiological concentrations.
The EPA estimates that the ROD will result in a reduction of both radiological and non-radiological waste excavated, with
corresponding reduction s in the cost and schedu le for the remedy . The next step is the negotiation of a Consent Agreement by the
EPA with the PRPs to implement the ROD, a process that is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020. The estimated
cost of the remedy , taking into account the current EPA technical requirements and the total costs expected to be incurred by the
PRPs in fully executing the remedy , is approxim ately $280 million, includ ing cost escalation on an undiscounted basis, which would
be allocated  among the final group of PRPs. Generation has determined that a loss associated with the EPA’s partial excavation and
enhanced landfill cover remedy is probable and has recorded a liability included in the table above, that reflects management’ s best
estimate of Cotter ’s allocable share of the ultimate cost for the entire remediation effort. Given the joint and several nature of this
liability , the magnitude of Generation’ s ultimate liability will depend on the actual costs incurred to implement the required
remediation remedy as well as on the nature and terms of any cost-sharing arrangements with the final group of PRPs. Therefore, it
is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost and Generation’ s associated allocable share could differ significantly once these
uncertainties are resolved, which could have a material impact on Exelon's and Generation's future financial statements.
On January 16, 2018, the PRPs were advised by the EPA that it will begin an additional investigation and evaluation of groundwater
conditions at the West Lake Landfill. In September 2018, the PRPs agreed to an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on
Consent for the performance by the PRPs of the groundwater RI/FS and reimbursement of EPA’s oversight costs. The purposes of
this new RI/FS are to define the nature and extent of any groundwater contamination from the West Lake Landfill site, determine the
potential risk posed to human health and the environment, and evaluate remedial altern atives. Generation estimates the
undiscounted cost for the groundwater RI/FS for West Lake to be approximately $20 million . Generation  determined a loss
associated with the RI/FS is probable and has recorded a liability included in the table above that reflects management’ s best
estimate of Cotter ’s allocable share of the cost among the PRPs. At this time Generation cannot predict the likelihood
432
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
or the extent to which, if any, remediation activities will be required and cannot estimate a reasonably possible range of loss for
response costs beyond those associated with the RI/FS component. It is reasonably possible, however , that resolution of this matter
could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements.
During December 2015, the EPA took two actio ns related to the West Lake Landfill designed to abate what it termed as imminent
and dangerous conditions at the landfill. The first involved installation by the PRPs of a non-combustible surface cover to protect
against surface fires in areas where radiological materials are believed to have been disposed which was completed in 2018. The
second actio n involved EPA's public statement that it will require the PRPs to construct a barrier wall in an adjacent landfill to prevent
a subs urface fire from spreading to those areas of the West Lake Landfill where radiological materials are believed to have been
disposed. At this time, Generation believes that the requirement to build a barrier wall is remote in light of other technologies that
have been employed by the adjacent landfill owner . Finally , one of the other PRPs, the landfill owner and operator of the adjacent
landfill, has indicated that it will be making a contribution claim against Cotter for costs that it has incurred to prevent the subsurface
fire from spreading to those areas of the West Lake Landfill where radiological materials are believed to have been disposed. At this
time, Exelon and Generation do not possess sufficient information to assess this claim and therefore are unable to estimate a range
of loss, if any. As such, no liability has been recorded for the potential contribution claim. It is reasonably possible, however , that
resolution of this matter could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation's financial statements.
On August 8, 2011, Cotter was notified by the DOJ that Cotter is considered a PRP with respect to the government’ s clean-up costs
for contamin ation attributable to low level radioactive residues at a former storage and reprocessing facility named Latty Avenue
near St. Louis, Missouri. The Latty Avenue site is included in ComEd’ s indemnification responsibi lities discussed above as part of the
sale of Cotte r. The radioactive residues had been generated initially in connection with the proce ssing of uranium ores as part of the
U.S. Govern ment’ s Manhattan Project. Cotter purchased the residues in 1969 for initial processing at the Latty Avenue facility for the
subsequent extraction of uranium and metals. In 1976, the NRC found that the Latty Avenue site had radiation levels exceeding
NRC criteria  for decontamination of land areas. Latty Avenue was investigated and remediated by the United States Army Corps of
Engineers pursuant to funding under FUSRAP . The DOJ has not yet formally advised the PRPs of the amount that it is seeking, but it
is believed to be approximately $90 million  from all PRPs. The DOJ and the PRPs agreed to toll the statute of limitations until August
2019 so that settlement discussions could proceed. Generation has determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable
under its indemnification agreement with Cotter and has recorded an estimated liability , which is included in the table above.
Commencing in February 2012, a number of lawsuits have been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.
Among the defendants were Exelon, Generation and ComEd, all of which were subsequently dismissed from the case, as well as
Cotter , which  remains a defendant. The suits allege that individuals living in the North St. Louis area developed some form of cancer
or other serious illness due to Cotter's negligent or reckless conduct in processing, transporting, storing, handling and/or disposing of
radioactive materials. Plaintif fs are asserting public liability claims under the Price-Anderson Act. Their state law claims for
negligence, strict liability , emotional distress, and medical monitoring have been dismissed. In the event of a finding of liability
against Cotter , it is probable that Generation would be financially responsible due to its indemnification responsibilities of Cotter
described above. The court has dismissed a number of the lawsuits as untimely , which has been upheld on appeal. Cotter and the
remaining plaintif fs have engaged in settlement discussions pursuant to court-ordered mediation. During the second quarter of 2018,
Generation determined a loss was probable based on the advancement of settlement proceedings and recorded an immaterial
liability .
Benning Road Site (Exelon, Generation, PHI and Pepco).  In September 2010, PHI received a letter from EPA identifying the
Benning Road site as one of six land-based sites potentially contributing to contamination of the lower Anacostia River . A portion of
the site was formerly the location of a Pepco Energy Services electric generating facility . That generating facility was deactivated in
June 2012 and plant structure demolition was completed in July 2015. The remaining portion of the site consists of a Pepco
transmission and distribution service center that remains in operation. In December 2011, the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia approved a Consent Decree entered into by Pepco and Pepco Energy Services with the DOEE, which requires Pepco and
Pepco Ener gy Services  to conduct a Remediation Investigation (RI)/ Feasibility Study (FS) for the Benning Road site and an
approximately 10 to 15-acre portion of the adjacent Anacostia River . The RI/FS will form the basis for the remedial actions for the
Benning Road site and for the Anacostia River sediment associated with the site. The Consent Decree does not obligate Pepco or
Pepco Energy Services to pay for or perform any remediation work, but it is anticipated that DOEE will look to Pepco and Pepco
Energy Services to assume responsibility for cleanup of any conditions in the river
433
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
that are determined to be attributable to past activities at the Benning Road site. Pursuant to Exelon's March 23, 2016 acquisition of
PHI, Pepco Energy Services was transferred to Generation.
Since 2013, Pepco and Pepco Energy Services (now Generation) have been performing RI work and have submitted multiple draft
RI reports to the DOEE. Once the RI work is completed, Pepco and Generation will issue a draft “final” RI report for review and
comment by DOEE and the public. Pepco and Generation will then proceed to develop an FS to evaluate possible remedial
alternatives for submission to DOEE. The Court has established a schedule for completion of the RI and FS, and approval by the
DOEE, by May 6, 2019.
Upon DOEE’ s approval of the final RI and FS Reports, Pepco and Generation will have satisfied their obligations under the Consent
Decree. At that point, DOEE will prepare a Proposed Plan regarding further response actions. After considering public comment on
the Proposed Plan, DOE E will issue a Record of Decision identifying any further response actions determined to be necessary . PHI,
Pepco and Generation have determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable and have accrued an estimated liability ,
which is included in the table above.
Anacostia River Tidal Reach (Exelon, PHI and Pepco).  Contemporaneous with the Benning RI/FS being performed by Pepco and
Generation, DOEE and certain federal agencies  have been conducting a separate RI/FS focused on the entire tidal reach of the
Anacostia River extending from just north of the Maryland-D.C. boundary line to the confluence of the Anacostia and Potomac
Rivers. In March 2016, DOEE released a draft of the river-wide RI Report for public review and comment. The river-wide RI
incorporated the results of the river sampling performed by Pepco and Pepco Energy Services as part of the Benning RI/FS, as well
as similar sampling efforts conducted by owners  of other sites adjacent to this segment of the river and supplemental river sampling
conducted by DOEE’ s contractor . DOEE asked Pepco, along with parties responsible for other sites along the river, to participate in
a “Con sultative Working Group” to provide input  into the process for future remedial actions addressing the entire tidal reach of the
river and to ensure prope r coordination with the other river cleanup efforts currently underway , including cleanup of the river segment
adjacent to the Benning  Road site resulting from the Benning RI/FS. Pepco responded that it will participate in the Consultative
Working Group, but its participation is not an acceptance of any financial responsibility beyond the work that will be performed at the
Benning Road site described above. In April 2018, DOEE released a draft remedial investigation report for public review and
comment. Pepco submitted written comments to the draft RI and participated in a public hearing. Pepco continues outreach efforts
as appropriate to the agencies, governmental officials, community organizations and other key stakeholders. In May 2018 the District
of Columbia Council extended the deadline for completion of the Record of Decision from June  30, 2018 until December 31, 2019.
An appropria te liability for Pepco’ s share of inves tigation costs has been accrued and is included in the table above. Although Pepco
has determined that it is probable that costs for remediation will be incurred, Pepco cannot estimate the reasonably possible range
of loss at this time and no liability has been accrued for those future costs. A draft Feasibility Study of potential remedies and their
estimated costs is being prepared by the agencies and is expected to be released in 2019, at which time Pepco will likely be in a
better position to estimate the range of loss.
In addition to the activities associated with the remedial process outlined above, there is a complementary statutory program that
requires an assessment  to determine if any natural resources have been damaged as a result of the contamination that is being
remediated, and, if so, that a plan be developed by the federal, state and local Trustees respon sible for those resources to restore
them to their condition before injury from the environmental contaminants. If natural resources are not restored, then compensation
for the injury can be sought from the party responsible for the release of the contaminants. The assessment of Natural Resource
Damages (NRD) typically takes place following  cleanup because cleanups sometimes also effectively restore habitat. During the
second quarter of 2018, Pepco became aware that the Trustees are in the beginning stages of this process that often takes many
years beyon d the remedial decision to complete . Pepco has concluded that a loss associated with the eventual NRD assessment is
reasonably possible. Due to the very early stage of the assessment process it cannot reasonably estimate the range of loss. 
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
Asbestos Personal Injury Claims (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO). Generation maintains estimated liabilities for claims
associated with asbestos-related personal injury actions in certain facilities that are currently owned by Generation or were
previously owned by ComEd and PECO. The estimated liabilities are recorded on an undiscounted basis and exclude the estimated
legal costs associated with handling these matters, which could be material.
434
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
At December 31, 2018  and 2017 , Generation had recor ded estimated liabilities of approximately $79 million and $78 million,
respectively , in total for asbestos-related bodily injury claims. As of December 31, 2018 , appro ximately $24 million of this amount
related to 238 open claims presented to Generation, while the remaining $55 million  is for estima ted future asbestos-related bodily
injury claims anticipated to arise through 2050, based on actuarial assumptions and analyses, which are updated on an annual
basis. On a quarterly basis, Generation monitors actual experience against the number of forecasted claims to be received and
expected claim payments and evaluates whether adjustments to the estimated liabilities are necessary .
There is a reasonable possibility that Exelon may have additional exposure to estimated future asbestos-related bodily injury claims
in exce ss of the amount accrued and the increases could have a material unfavorable impact on Exelon's and Generation’ s financial
statements.
Fund Transfer Restrictions (All Registrants).  Under applicable law, Exelon may borrow or receive an extension of credit from its
subsidiaries. Under the terms of Exelon’ s intercompany money pool agreement, Exelon can lend to, but not borrow from the money
pool.
Under applicable law, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE can pay dividends only from retained,
undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE may limit
the dividends that these companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with financings arranged through ComEd Financing III that it will not declare dividends on any
shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payme nt periods on the subordinated debt
securities issued to Com Ed Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures, which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC or (b) Pepco’ s senior
unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of
the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are calculated
under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit
rating agenc ies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requi res ACE to obtain the prior approval
of the NJBP U before dividends can be paid it its equity as a percent of its total capitalization , excluding securitization debt, falls
below 30%. No such events have occurred.
Conduit Lease with City of Baltimore (Exel on and BGE). On Septemb er 23, 2015, the Baltimore City Board of Estimates
approved an increase in annual rental fees for access to the Baltimore City underground conduit system
435
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
effective November 1, 2015, from $12 million to $42 million, subject to an annual increase thereafter based on the Consumer Price
Index. BGE subsequentl y entered into litigation with the City regarding the amount of and basis for establishing the conduit fee. On
November 30, 2016, the Baltimore City Board of Estimates approved a settlement agreement entered into between BGE and the
City to resolve the disputes and pending litigation related to BGE's use of and payment for the underground conduit system. As a
result of the settlement,  the parties entered into a six-year lease that reduces the annual expe nse to $25 million  in the first three
years and caps the annual expense in the last three years to not more than $29 million . BGE recorded a decrease to Operating and
maintenance expense in the fourth quarter of 2016 of approximately $28 million  for the reversal of the previously higher fees accrued
as well as the settlement of prior year disputed fee true-up amounts.
City of Everett Tax Increment Financing Agreement (Exelon and Generation).  On April 10, 2017, the City of Everett petitioned
the Massachusetts Economic Assistance Coord inating Council (EACC) to revoke the 1999 tax increment financing agreement (TIF
Agreement) relating to Mystic 8 & 9 on the groun ds that the total investment in Mystic 8 & 9 materially deviates from the investment
set forth in the TIF Agreement.  On October 31, 2017, a three-member panel of the EACC conducted an administrative hearing on
the City’s petition. On November 30, 2017, the hearing panel issued a tentative decision denying  the City’s petition, finding that there
was no mate rial misrepr esentation that would justify revocation of the TIF Agreement. On Decem ber 13, 2017, the tentative decision
was adopted by the full EACC. On January 12, 2018, the City filed a complaint in Massachusetts Superior Court requesting, among
other things,  that the court set aside the EACC’ s decision, grant the City’s request to decertify the Project and the TIF Agreement,
and award the City damages for alleged underpa id taxes over the period of the TIF Agreement. Generation vigorously contested the
City’s claims before the EACC and will continue  to do so in the Massachusetts Superior Court proceeding. Generation continues to
believe that the City’s claim lacks merit. Accor dingly , Generation has not recorded a liability for payment resulting from such a
revocation, nor can Generation estimate a reasonably possible range of loss, if any, associated with any such revocation.  Further , it
is reasonabl y possible that property taxes assessed in future periods, including those following the expiration of the current TIF
Agreement in 2019, could be material to Generation’ s financial statements.
General (All Registrants). The Registrants are involved in various other litigation matters that are being defended and handled in
the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or a reasonable possibility , and whether the loss or a
range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. The Registrants maintain accruals for
such losses that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. Management is sometimes unable to estimate
an amount or range of reasonably possible loss, particularly where (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings
are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such case s, there is considerable uncertainty
regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss.
23. Supplemental Financial Information  (All Registrants)
Supplemental Statement of Operations Information
The following tables provide additional information about the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 .
 For the year ended December 31, 2018
       Successor    
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Taxes other than income          
Utility(a)$ 919$ 114$ 243$131 $94 $ 337 $ 316 $21 $—
Property 557 273 30 15 143 94 58 32 3
Payroll 247 130 27 16 17 24 5 3 2
Other 60 39 11 1
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
Total taxes other than income $1,783$ 556$ 311$163
 $254$ 455
 $ 379$56$5
436
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 For the year ended December 31, 2017
       Successor    
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Taxes other than income           
Utility(a)$ 898$ 126$ 240$125 $89 $ 318 $ 300 $18 $—
Property 545 269 28 14 132 101 62 32 3
Payroll 230 121 26 15 15 26 6 4 2
Other 58 39 2 — 4 7 3 3 1
Total taxes other than income $1,731$ 555$ 296$154 $240$ 452 $ 371$57$6
       Successor Predecessor
 For the year ended December 31, 2016March 24, 2016
to December 31,
2016January 1,
2016 to March
23, 2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI PHI
Taxes other than
income         
Utility(a)$ 753 $ 122$ 242 $136$85$ 312 $18$— $ 253$ 78
Property 483 246 27 13 123 53 31 3 73 18
Payroll 226 117 28 15 17 8 5 3 23 8
Other 114 21 (4) — 4 4 1 1 5 1
Total taxes other than
income $1,576 $ 506$ 293 $164$229$ 377$55$7$ 354$ 105
__________ 
(a)Generation’s utility tax represents gross receipts tax related to its retail operations and ComEd’s, PECO’s, BGE’s, Pepco's, DPL's and ACE's
utility taxes represent municipal and state utility taxes and gross receipts taxes related to their operating revenues. The offsetting collection of
utility taxes from customers is recorded in revenues in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
437
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 For the year ended December 31, 2018
      Successor   
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Other, Net          
Decommissioning-related activities:          
Net realized income on NDT funds(a)          
Regulatory agreement units $506 $ 506 $ — $ — $— $ — $ — $— $—
Non-regulatory agreement units 302 302 — — — — — — —
Net unrealized losses on NDT funds          
Regulatory agreement units (715) (715) — — — — — — —
Non-regulatory agreement units (483) (483) — — — — — — —
Net unrealized losses on pledged
assets          
Zion Station decommissioning (8) (8) — — — — — — —
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities(b) 171 171 — — — — — — —
Total decommissioning-related activities (227) (227) — — — — — — —
Investment income 43 32 — 1 1 4 2 1 —
Interest income related to uncertain income
tax positions 5 1 — — — — — — —
AFUDC—Equity 69 — 19 7 18 25 22 2 1
Non-service net periodic benefit cost (47) — — — — — — — —
Other 45 16 14 — — 14 7 7 1
Other, net $(112)$ (178)$ 33$ 8$19$ 43$ 31$10$2
438
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 For the year ended December 31, 2017
        Successor  
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Other, Net          
Decommissioning-related activities:          
Net realized income on NDT funds(a)         
Regulatory agreement units $ 488 $ 488 $ — $ — $— $ — $ — $— $—
Non-regulatory agreement
units 209 209 — — — — — — —
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds         
Regulatory agreement units 455 455 — — — — — — —
Non-regulatory agreement
units 521 521 — — — — — — —
Net unrealized losses on pledged
assets          
Zion Station decommissioning (10) (10) — — — — — — —
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-
related activities(b) (724) (724) — — — — — — —
Total decommissioning-related activities 939 939 — — — — — — —
Investment income 8 6 — — — 2 1 — —
Interest income (expense) related to
uncertain income tax positions 3 (1) — — — — — — —
Benefit related to uncertain income tax
positions(c)2 — — — — — — — —
AFUDC—Equity 73 — 12 9 16 36 23 7 6
Non-service net periodic benefit cost (109) — — — — — — — —
Other 31 4 10 — — 16 8 7 1
Other, net $ 947$ 948 $ 22$ 9$16$ 54$ 32$14$7
439
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
          Successor Predecessor
 For the year ended December 31, 2016March 24,
2016 to
December 31,
2016  January 1,
2016 to March
23, 2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI  PHI
Other, Net           
Decommissioning-related
activities:           
Net realized income on
NDT funds(a)           
Regulatory
agreement units $237 $ 237 $ — $ — $— $ — $— $— $ — $ —
Non-regulatory
agreement units 126 126 — — — — — — — —
Net unrealized gains on
NDT funds           
Regulatory
agreement units 216 216 — — — — — — — —
Non-regulatory
agreement units 194 194 — — — — — — — —
Net unrealized losses
on pledged assets           
Zion Station
decommissioning (1) (1) — — — — — — — —
Regulatory offset to
NDT fund-related
activities(b) (372) (372) — — — — — — — —
Total decommissioning-
related activities 400 400 — — — — — — — —
Investment income (loss) 17 8 — (1) 2 1 — 1 1 —
Long-term lease income 4 — — — — — — — — —
Interest income (expense)
related to uncertain
income tax positions 13 — — — — 1 — — (1) —
Penalty related to
uncertain income tax
positions(c)(106) — (86) — — — — — — —
AFUDC—Equity 64 — 14 8 19 19 5 6 23 7
Non-service net periodic
benefit cost (116) — — — — — — — — —
Loss on debt
extinguishment (3) (2) — — — — — — — —
Other 24 (5) 7 1 — 15 8 2 21 (11)
Other, net $297$ 401 $ (65)$ 8 $21$ 36$13$9$ 44 $ (4)
440
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
__________
(a)Includes investment income and realized gains and losses on sales of investments within the NDT funds.
(b)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of net income taxes
related to all NDT fund activity for these units. See Note 15 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting
for nuclear decommissioning.
(c)See Note 14—Income Taxes for additional information on the penalty related to the Tax Court’s decision on Exelon’s like-kind exchange tax
position.
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
The following tables provide additional information regarding the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
ended December 31, 2018 , 2017  and 2016 .
 For the year ended December 31, 2018
   Successor  
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Depreciation, amortization and
accretion     
Property, plant and equipment $3,740 $ 1,748$ 820$ 274 $335$ 480$218 $131$94
Regulatory assets 555 — 120 27 148 260 167 51 42
Amortization of intangible assets, net 58 49 — — — — — — —
Amortization of energy contract
assets and liabilities(a)14 14 — — — — — — —
Nuclear fuel(b)1,115 1,115 — — — — — — —
ARO accretion(c)489 489 — — — — — — —
Total depreciation, amortization and
accretion $5,971 $ 3,415$ 940$ 301 $483$ 740$385$182$136
 For the year ended December 31, 2017
   Successor  
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Depreciation, amortization and
accretion     
Property, plant and equipment$3,293 $ 1,409$ 777$ 261 $312$ 457$203 $124$89
Regulatory assets478 — 73 25 161 218 118 43 57
Amortization of intangible assets, net57 48 — — — — — — —
Amortization of energy contract
assets and liabilities(a)35 35 — — — — — — —
Nuclear fuel(b)1,096 1,096 — — — — — — —
ARO accretion(c)468 468 — — — — — — —
Total depreciation, amortization and
accretion $5,427$ 3,056$ 850$ 286$473$ 675$321$167$146
441
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
          Successor Predecessor
 For the year ended December 31, 2016  March 24, 2016
to December
31, 2016January 1, 2016
to March 23,
2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI PHI
Depreciation, amortization and accretion           
Property, plant
and equipment$3,477$ 1,835$ 708 $244 $299$ 175 $110$82 $ 325 $ 94
Regulatory
assets 407 — 67 26 124 120 47 83 190 58
Amortization of
intangible assets,
net 52 44 — — — — — — — —
Amortization of
energy contract
assets and
liabilities(a)35 35 — — — — — — — —
Nuclear fuel(b)1,159 1,159 — — — — — — — —
ARO accretion(c) 446 446 — — — — — — — —
Total
depreciation,
amortization and
accretion $5,576$ 3,519$ 775$270$423$ 295$157$165 $ 515 $ 152
__________
(a)Included in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
(b)Included in Purchased power and fuel expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(c)Included in Operating and maintenance expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
442
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 For the year ended December 31, 2018
      Successor  
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Cash paid (refunded) during the year:        
Interest (net of amount capitalized)$1,421 $ 369 $ 332 $125$94 $ 250 $123 $56 $61
Income taxes (net of refunds)95 746 (153) (2) 14 (32) 41 (6) (12)
Other non-cash operating activities:        
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 583 $ 204 $ 177 $18 $59 $ 67 $15 $ 6 $12
Loss (gain) from equity method
investments 28 30 — — — (1) — — —
Provision for uncollectible accounts159 48 40 33 10 28 11 6 11
Provision for excess and obsolete
inventory 24 20 3 — — — — — —
Stock-based compensation costs75 — — — — — — — —
Other decommissioning-related activity(a)(2) (2) — — — — — — —
Energy-related options(b)10 10 — — — — — — —
Amortization of regulatory asset related
to debt costs 8 — 3 1 — 4 2 1 1
Amortization of rate stabilization deferral14 — — — — 14 14 — —
Amortization of debt fair value
adjustment (15) (12) — — — (3) — — —
Merger-related commitments(c)— — — — — 5 — 5 —
Severance costs 35 9 — — — — — — —
Asset retirement costs 20 — — — — 20 22 (1) (1)
Amortization of debt costs 36 14 5 2 1 3 2 — 1
Discrete impacts from EIMA and FEJA(d)28 — 28 — — — — — —
Long-term incentive plan140 — — — — — — — —
Other (19) (23) (14) (3) (12) 6 (6) 7 —
Total other non-cash operating activities$1,124 $ 298 $ 242 $51 $58 $ 143 $60 $24 $24
Non-cash investing and financing
activities:         
Change in capital expenditures not paid$ (69) $ (199)$ 11 $(12)$50 $ 93 $20 $22 $46
Change in PPE related to ARO update (107) (130) 7 — 1 15 12 2 1
Dividends on stock compensation 6 — — — — — — — —
Acquisition of land 3 — — — — 3 — — 3
__________ 
(a)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of operating
revenues, ARO accretion, ARC amortization, investment income and income taxes related to all NDT fund activity for these units. See Note 15
— Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear decommissioning.
(b)Includes option premiums reclassified to realized at the settlement of the underlying contracts and recorded to results of operations.
(c)See Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
(d)Reflects the change in ComEd's distribution and energy efficiency formula rates. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
443
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 For the year ended December 31, 2017
     Successor    
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Cash paid (refunded) during the
year:         
Interest (net of amount capitalized)$2,430 $ 391 $ 307 $103 $96$ 236 $ 114 $49$ 59
Income taxes (net of refunds)540 337 83 47 (2) (144) (104) (49) (2)
Other non-cash operating
activities:         
Pension and non-pension
postretirement benefit costs $ 643 $ 227 $ 176 $29 $62$ 94 $ 25 $13$ 13
Loss (gain) from equity method
investments 32 33 — — — (1) — — —
Provision for uncollectible accounts125 38 34 26 8 19 8 3 8
Provision for excess and obsolete
inventory 56 51 3 — — 2 1 1 —
Stock-based compensation costs88 — — — — — — — —
Other decommissioning-related
activity(a)(313) (313) — — — — — — —
Energy-related options(b)7 7 — — — — — — —
Amortization of regulatory asset
related to debt costs 9 — 4 1 — 4 2 1 1
Amortization of rate stabilization
deferral (10) — — — 7 (17) (17) — —
Amortization of debt fair value
adjustment (18) (12) — — — (6) — — —
Merger-related commitments(c)— — — — — (8) (6) (2) —
Severance costs 35 31 — — — 3 — — —
Amortization of debt costs 64 37 5 2 2 4 2 — 1
Discrete impacts from EIMA and
FEJA(d)(52) — (52) — — — — — —
Vacation accrual adjustment(e)(68) (35) (12) — — (8) (8) — —
Long-term incentive plan109 — — — — — — — —
Change in environmental liabilities44 44 — — — — — — —
Other (30) 4 6 (4) (14) (28) (13) (7) (6)
Total other non-cash operating
activities $ 721$ 112 $ 164 $54$65$ 58 $ (6)$ 9$ 17
Non-cash investing and financing
activities:         
Change in capital expenditures not
paid $ 42 $ 73 $ (61)$22 $23$ (12) $ 5 $ 4$ (13)
Change in PPE related to ARO
update 29 29 — — — — — — —
Non-cash financing of capital
projects 16 16 — — — — — — —
Indemnification of like-kind
exchange position(f)— — 21 — — — — — —
Dividends on stock compensation7 — — — — — — — —
Dissolution of financing trust due to
long-term debt retirement 8 — — — 8 — — — —
444
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Fair value adjustment of long-term
debt due to retirement (5) — — — — — — — —
Fair value of pension and OPEB
obligation transferred in connection
with FitzPatrick — 33 — — — — — — —
__________ 
(a)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of operating
revenues, ARO accretion, ARC amortization, investment income and income taxes related to all NDT fund activity for these units. See Note 15
— Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear decommissioning.
(b)Includes option premiums reclassified to realized at the settlement of the underlying contracts and recorded to results of operations.
(c)See Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
(d)Reflects the change in ComEd's distribution and energy efficiency formula rates . See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(e)On December 1, 2017, Exelon adopted a single, standard vacation accrual policy for all non-represented, non-craft (represented and craft
policies remained unchanged) employees effective January 1, 2018.  To reflect the new policy, Exelon recorded a one-time, $68 million pre-tax
credit to expense to reverse 2018 vacation cost originally accrued throughout 2017 that will now be accrued ratably over the year in 2018.
(f)See Note 14 — Income Taxes for additional information on the like-kind exchange tax position.
        Successor Predecessor
 For the year ended December 31, 2016March 24,
2016 to
December
31, 2016 January 1,
2016 to March
23, 2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI  PHI
Cash paid (refunded)
during the year:          
Interest (net of amount
capitalized) $1,340$ 339 $298 $104 $92$118$47$62$ 209 $ 43
Income taxes (net of
refunds) (441) 435 (444) 64 31 216 115 200 258 11
Other non-cash
operating activities:          
Pension and non-pension
postretirement benefit
costs $619$ 218 $166 $33 $67$31$18$15$ 86 $ 23
Loss from equity method
investments 24 25 — — — — — — — —
Provision for uncollectible
accounts 155 19 41 30 1 29 23 32 65 16
Stock-based compensation
costs 111 — — — — — — — — 3
Other decommissioning-
related activity(a)(384) (384) — — — — — — — —
Energy-related options(b)(11) (11) — — — — — — — —
Amortization of regulatory
asset related to debt costs 9 — 4 1 — 2 1 1 3 1
Amortization of rate
stabilization deferral 76 — — — 81 (12) 2 — (5) 5
Amortization of debt fair
value adjustment (11) (11) — — — — — — — —
Merger-related
commitments(c)(d)558 53 — — — 125 82 110 317 —
Severance costs 99 22 — — — — — — 56 —
Discrete impacts from
EIMA(e)8 — 8 — — — — — — —
Amortization of debt costs35 17 4 3 1 — — — 1 —
445
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Provision for excess and
obsolete inventory 12 6 4 — — 3 1 1 1 1
Lower of cost or market
inventory adjustment 37 36 — 1 — — — — —  —
Baltimore City Conduit
Lease Settlement (28) — — — (28) — — — —  —
Cash Working Capital
Order (13) — — — (13) — — — —  —
Asset retirement costs2 — — — — — 1 2 2 —
Long-term incentive plan70 — — — — — — — —  —
Other (35) 25 (12) (3) (21) (3) (14) (6) (11) (3)
Total other non-cash
operating activities $1,333$ 15$ 215$65$88$175 $114 $155 $ 515 $ 46
Non-cash investing and
financing activities:          
Change in capital
expenditures not paid $(128)$ 50$ (91) $(11)$(86)$27 $(12) $11 $ 21 $ 11
Change in PPE related to
ARO update 191 191 — — — — — — —  —
Indemnification of like-kind
exchange position(g)— — 158 — — — — — —  —
Dividends on stock
compensation 6 — — — — — — — —  —
Non-cash financing of
capital projects 95 95 — — — — — — —  —
Sale of Upstream assets(c)37 37 — — — — — — —  —
Pending FitzPatrick
Acquisition(h)(54) (54) — — — — — — —  —
Fair value of net assets
contributed to Generation in
connection with the PHI
merger, net of cash — 119 — — — — — — —  —
Fair value of net assets
distributed to Exelon in
connection with the PHI
Merger, net of cash(c)(f)— — — — — — — — 127 —
Fair value of pension
obligation transferred in
connection with the PHI
Merger, net of cash(c)(f)— — — — — — — — 53 —
Assumption of member
purchase liability — — — — — — — — 29 —
Assumption of merger
commitment liability — — — — — 33 — — 33 —
__________ 
(a)Includes the elimination of NDT fund activity for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of operating revenues, ARO accretion,
ARC amortization, investment income and income taxes related to all NDT fund activity for these units. See Note 15 — Asset Retirement
Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear decommissioning.
(b)Includes option premiums reclassified to realized at the settlement of the underlying contracts and recorded to results of operations.
(c)See Note 5 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
(d)Excludes $5 million of forgiveness of Accounts receivable related to merger commitments recorded in connection with the PHI Merger, the
balance is included within Provision for uncollectible accounts.
(e)Reflects the change in distribution rates pursuant to EIMA, which allows for the recovery of costs by a utility through a pre-established
performance-based formula rate. See Note 4 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
446
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(f)Immediately following closing of the PHI Merger, the net assets associated with PHI’s unregulated business interests were distributed by PHI to
Exelon. Exelon contributed a portion of such net assets to Generation.
(g)See Note 14 — Income Taxes for additional information on the like-kind exchange tax position.
(h)Reflects the transfer of nuclear fuel to Entergy under the cost reimbursement provisions of the FitzPatrick acquisition agreements. See Note 5 -
Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional information.
The following tables provide a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
    Successor    
December 31, 2018Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $1,349 $ 750$ 135$ 130$ 7$ 124 $ 16 $23 $ 7
Restricted cash 247 153 29 5 6 43 37 1 4
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 185 — 166 — — 19 — — 19
Total cash, cash equivalents and
restricted cash $1,781 $ 903$ 330$ 135$ 13$ 186 $ 53 $24 $30
      Successor 
December 31, 2017 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $ 898$ 416 $ 76$ 271$ 17$ 30 $ 5$ 2$ 2
Restricted cash 207 138 5 4 1 42 35 — 6
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 85 — 63 — — 23 — — 23
Total cash, cash equivalents and
restricted cash $1,190$ 554 $ 144$ 275$ 18$ 95 $ 40$ 2$31
         Successor  Predecessor
 December 31, 2016  December 31,
2016  March 23, 2016
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI  PHI
Cash and cash
equivalents $ 635$ 290$ 56 $ 63 $23 $ 9$46$101 $ 170 $ 319
Restricted cash253 158 2 4 24 33 — 9 43 11
Restricted cash
included in other
long-term assets 26 — — — 3 — — 23 23 18
Total cash, cash
equivalents and
restricted cash $ 914$ 448$ 58 $ 67 $50 $ 42$46$133 $ 236 $ 348
       Predecessor     
December 31, 2015 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $6,502$ 431 $ 67 $ 295 $ 9$ 26 $ 5 $ 5$ 3
Restricted cash 205 123 2 3 24 14 2 — 12
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 5 2 — — 3 18 — — 18
Total cash, cash equivalents and
restricted cash $6,712$ 556 $ 69 $ 298 $ 36$ 58 $ 7 $ 5$33
447
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
The following tables provide additional information about assets and liabilities of the Registrants at December 31, 2018  and 2017 .
December 31, 2018 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Unbilled customer revenues(a)$1,656 $ 965 $ 223 $ 114 $ 168 $ 186 $ 97 $59 $30
Allowance for uncollectible accounts (b)(319) (104) (81) (61) (20) (53) (21) (13) (19)
December 31, 2017 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Unbilled customer revenues(a)$1,858 $ 1,017 $ 242 $ 162 $ 205 $ 232 $133 $68 $31
Allowance for uncollectible
accounts(b)(322) (114) (73) (56) (24) (55) (21) (16) (18)
__________
(a)Represents unbilled portion of receivables estimated under Exelon’s unbilled critical accounting policy.
(b)Includes the estimated allowance for uncollectible accounts on billed customer and other accounts receivable.
The Utility Registrants are required, under separate legislation and regulations in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, District of
Columbia and New Jersey , to purchase certain receivables from alternative retail electric and, as applicable, natural gas suppliers
that participate in the utilities' consolidated billing. ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL purchase receivables at a discount to recover
primarily uncollectible accounts expense from the suppliers. PECO and ACE purchase receivables at face value and recover
uncollectible accounts expense, including those from alternative retail electric and natural gas supplies, through base distribution
rates and a rate rider, respectively . Exelon and the Utility Registrants do not record unbilled commodity receivables under their POR
programs. Purchased billed receivables are recorded on a net basis in Exelon’ s and the Utility Registrant's Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are classified in Other accounts receivable, net in their Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The following tables provide information  about the purchased receivables of those companies as of December 31, 2018  and
2017 .
December 31, 2018 Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Purchased receivables $ 313 $ 94 $ 74 $ 61 $ 84 $ 57 $ 8 $ 19
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)(34) (17) (5) (3) (9) (5) (1) (3)
Purchased receivables, net $ 279 $ 77 $ 69 $ 58 $ 75 $ 52 $ 7 $ 16
December 31, 2017 Exelon  ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Purchased receivables $ 298 $ 87 $ 70 $ 58 $ 83 $ 56 $ 9 $ 18
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a) (31) (14) (5) (3) (9) (5) (1) (3)
Purchased receivables, net $ 267 $ 73 $ 65 $ 55 $ 74 $ 51 $ 8 $ 15
__________
(a)For ComEd, BGE, Pepco and DPL, reflects the incremental allowance for uncollectible accounts recorded, which is in addition to the purchase
discount. For ComEd, the incremental uncollectible accounts expense is recovered through a rate rider. BGE, Pepco and DPL recover actual
write-offs which are reflected in the POR discount rate.
448
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following tables provide additional information about Registrants' investments at December 31, 2018  and 2017 .
December 31, 2018Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Investments           
Equity method investments:           
Financing trusts(a)$ 14 $ — $ 6$ 8 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Bloom 180 180 — — — — — — —
NET Power 70 70 — — — — — — —
Other equity method
investments 3 1 — — — — — — —
Total equity method
investments 267 251 6 8 — — — — —
Other investments:           
Employee benefit trusts and
investments(b)244 49 — 17 5 130 105 — —
Equity investments without
readily determinable fair
values 72 72 — — — — — — —
Other available for sale debt
security investments 40 40 — — — — — — —
Other 2 2 — — — — — — —
Total investments $ 625$ 414$ 6$ 25$ 5$130$ 105$ — $ —
December 31, 2017Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Investments           
Equity method investments:           
Financing trusts(a)$ 14 $ — $ 6$ 8 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Bloom 206 206 — — — — — — —
NET Power 76 76 — — — — — — —
Other equity method
investments 1 1 — — — — — — —
Total equity method
investments 297 283 6 8 — — — — —
Other investments:           
Employee benefit trusts and
investments(b)244 51 — 17 5 132 102 — —
Equity investments without
readily determinable fair
values 62 62 — — — — — — —
Other available for sale debt
security investments 37 37 — — — — — — —
Total investments $ 640$ 433$ 6$ 25$ 5$132$ 102$ — $ —
__________
(a)Includes investments in affiliated financing trusts, which were not consolidated within the financial statements of Exelon and are shown as
investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies for additional information.
(b)The Registrants’ debt and equity security investments are recorded at fair market value.
449
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
The following tables provide additional information about liabilities of the Registrants at December 31, 2018  and 2017 .
December 31, 2018 Exelon Generation  ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Accrued expenses         
Compensation-related
accruals(a)$ 1,191$ 479 $ 187$ 49 $ 68 $ 99 $ 29$ 19 $ 12
Taxes accrued412 226 71 28 46 74 58 4 5
Interest accrued334 77 105 33 39 50 25 8 12
Severance accrued44 26 2 — — 5 — — —
Other accrued
expenses 131 90 8 3 2 28 14 8 6
Total accrued expenses$ 2,112$ 898 $ 373$ 113 $ 155$ 256$ 126$ 39$ 35
           
           
December 31, 2017 Exelon Generation  ComEd PECO BGE PHI  Pepco DPL ACE
Accrued expenses         
Compensation-related
accruals(a)$ 978$ 407 $ 158$ 64 $ 58 $ 106 $ 29$ 17 $ 11
Taxes accrued373 444 60 15 71 61 68 4 5
Interest accrued328 78 102 33 34 48 23 8 12
Severance accrued58 30 2 — — 17 — — —
Other accrued
expenses 100 63 5 2 1 29 17 6 5
Total accrued expenses$ 1,837$ 1,022 $ 327$ 114 $ 164$ 261$ 137$ 35$ 33
__________
(a)Primarily includes accrued payroll, bonuses and other incentives, vacation and benefits.
24. Segment Information  (All Registrants)
Operating segments for each of the Registrants are determined based on information used by the chief operating decision maker(s)
(CODM) in deciding how to evaluate performance and allocate resources at each of the Registrants.
Exelon has twelve  reportable segments, which include Generation' s six reportable segments consisting of the Mid-Atlan tic, Midwest,
New Englan d, New York, ERCOT  and all other power regions referred to collectively as “Other Power Regions” and ComEd, PECO,
BGE, PHI's three  reportable segments consisting of Pepco, DPL, and ACE. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE each
represent a single reportable segment, and as such, no separate segment information is provided for these Registrants. Exelon,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL and ACE's CODMs evaluate the performance of and allocate  resources to ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  and ACE based on net income.
The basis for Generation's reportable segments  is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different
geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize multiple supply
sources to provide elect ricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). Generation's hedging strategies and risk
metrics are also aligned to these same geogra phic regions. Descriptions of each of Generation’ s six reportable segments are as
follows:
•Mid-Atlantic  represents operations in the eastern half of PJM, which includes New Jersey , Maryland, Virginia, West
Virginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia and parts of Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
•Midwest  represents operations in the western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO, excluding MISO’ s
Southern Region.
450
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
•New England  represents operations within ISO-NE.
•New York represents operations within ISO-NY .
•ERCOT  represents operations within Electric Reliability Council of Texas.
•Other Power Regions :
•South  represents operations in the FRCC, MISO’ s Southern Region, the remaining portions of the SERC not included
within MISO or PJM.
•West represents operations in the WECC, including California ISO.
•Canada  represents operations across the entire countr y of Canada and includes AESO, OIESO and the Canadian
portion of MISO.
The CODMs for Exelon and Generation evaluate the performance of Generation’ s electric business activities and allocate resources
based on RNF. Generation believes that RNF is a useful measurement of operational performance. RNF is not a presentation
defined under GAAP  and may not be comparable to other companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP
information provided elsewhere in this report. Generation’ s operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to
the Utility Registrants. Purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including
capacity , energy and ancillary services. Fuel expense includes the fuel costs for Generation’ s owned generation and fuel costs
associated with tolling agreements. The results of Generation's other business activities are not regularly reviewed by the CODM
and are therefore not classified as operating segments or included in the regional reportable segment amounts. These activities
include natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to Generation's overall operating
revenues or results of operations. Further , Generation’ s unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on economic hedging activities
and its amortization of certain intangible assets and liabilities relating to commodity contracts recorded at fair value from mergers
and acquisitions are also excluded from the regional reportable segment amounts. Exelon and Generation do not use a measure of
total assets in making decisions regarding allocating resources to or assessing the performance of these reportable segments.
During the first quarter of 2019, due to a chang e in economics in our New England region, Generation is changing the way that
information is reviewed by the CODM. The New England region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the
CODM nor will it be presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. Information for the New England
region will be reviewed by the CODM as part of Other Power Regions. As a result, beginning in the first quarter of 2019, Generation
will disclose five reportable segments consisting of Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT  and Other Power Regions. Beginning
in the first quarter of 2019, Other Power Regions will include:
•South represents operations in the FRCC, MISO’ s Southern Region, the remaining portions of the SERC not included
within MISO or PJM.
•West represents operations in the WECC, including California ISO.
•Canada represents operations across the entire country of Canada and includes AESO, OIESO and the Canadian
portion of MISO.
•New England represents operations within ISO-NE.
451
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
An analysis and reconciliation of the Registrants’  reportable segment information to the respective information in the consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 , and 2016  is as follows:
    Successor    
Generation (a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI (e)  Other (b)Intersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Operating revenues(c):        
2018        
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 17,411$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,256)$16,155
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,718 — — — — — (8) 2,710
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 308 — — — — — (5) 303
Rate-regulated
electric revenues — 5,882 2,470 2,428 4,609 — (45) 15,344
Rate-regulated
natural gas revenues — — 568 741 181 — (20) 1,470
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 15 1,948 (1,960) 3
Total operating
revenues $ 20,437$ 5,882$3,038$3,169$ 4,805 $1,948 $ (3,294)$35,985
2017        
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 15,332$ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,105)$14,227
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,575 — — — — — — 2,575
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 593 — — — — — (1) 592
Rate-regulated
electric revenues — 5,536 2,375 2,489 4,469 — (29) 14,840
Rate-regulated
natural gas revenues — — 495 687 161 — (10) 1,333
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 49 1,831 (1,880) —
Total operating
revenues $ 18,500$ 5,536$2,870$3,176$ 4,679 $1,831 $ (3,025)$33,567
452
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
   Successor    
Generation (a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI (e) Other (b)Intersegment
Eliminations Exelon
2016      
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 15,400 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,430)$13,970
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,146 — — — — — — 2,146
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 211 — — — — — (4) 207
Rate-regulated
electric revenues — 5,254 2,531 2,609 3,506 — (31) 13,869
Rate-regulated
natural gas revenues — — 463 624 92 — (13) 1,166
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 45 1,648 (1,686) 7
Total operating
revenues $ 17,757 $ 5,254 $2,994 $3,233$ 3,643 $1,648 $ (3,164)$31,365
      
Intersegment revenues(d):      
2018 $ 1,269 $ 27 $ 8 $ 29$ 15 $1,942 $ (3,289)$ 1
2017 1,110 15 7 16 50 1,824 (3,020) 2
2016 1,428 15 8 21 45 1,647 (3,159) 5
Depreciation and
amortization:      
2018 $ 1,797 $ 940 $ 301 $ 483$ 740 $ 92 $ — $ 4,353
2017 1,457 850 286 473 675 87 — 3,828
2016 1,879 775 270 423 515 74 — 3,936
Operating expenses (c):      
2018 $ 19,510 $ 4,741 $2,452 $2,696$ 4,156 $1,929 $ (3,341)$32,143
2017 18,001 4,214 2,215 2,562 3,911 1,742 (3,026) 29,619
2016 16,878 4,056 2,292 2,683 3,549 1,812 (3,164) 28,106
Interest expense, net:      
2018 $ 432 $ 347 $ 129 $ 106$ 261 $ 279 $ — $ 1,554
2017 440 361 126 105 245 283 — 1,560
2016 364 461 123 103 195 290 — 1,536
Income (loss) before
income taxes:      
2018 $ 365 $ 832 $ 466 $ 387$ 432 $ (249) $ (1)$ 2,232
2017 1,455 984 538 525 578 (296) (2) 3,782
2016 857 679 587 468 (58) (555) (5) 1,973
Income taxes:      
2018 $ (108)$ 168 $ 6 $ 74$ 35 $ (55) $ — $ 120
2017 (1,376) 417 104 218 217 294 — (126)
2016 282 301 149 174 3 (156) — 753
453
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
    Successor   
Generation (a) ComEd PECO BGE PHI (e) Other (b)Intersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Net income (loss):       
2018 $ 443 $ 664 $ 460$ 313$ 398 $ (193)$ (1) $ 2,084
2017 2,798 567 434 307 362 (590) (2) 3,876
2016 550 378 438 294 (61) (398) (5) 1,196
Capital expenditures:       
2018 $ 2,242 $ 2,126 $ 849$ 959$ 1,375 $ 43$ — $ 7,594
2017 $ 2,259 $ 2,250 $ 732$ 882$ 1,396 $ 65$ — $ 7,584
2016 $ 3,078 $ 2,734 $ 686$ 934$ 1,008 $ 113$ — $ 8,553
Total assets:       
2018 $ 47,556 $31,213 $10,642$9,716$ 21,984 $8,355$ (9,800) $119,666
2017 48,457 29,726 10,170 9,104 21,247 8,618 (10,552) 116,770
__________
(a)See Note 25 — Related Party Transactions for additional information on intersegment revenues.
(b)Other primarily includes Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and investment activities.
(c)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(d)Intersegment revenues exclude sales to unconsolidated affiliates. The intersegment profit associated with Generation’s sale of certain products
and services by and between Exelon’s segments is not eliminated in consolidation due to the recognition of intersegment profit in accordance
with regulatory authoritative guidance. For Exelon, these amounts are included in Operating revenues in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(e)Amounts included represent activity for PHI's successor period, March 24, 2016 through December 31, 2018.
454
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Successor and Predecessor PHI:
 Pepco  DPL ACE Other(b)Intersegment
Eliminations  PHI
Operating revenues(a):     
December 31, 2018 - Successor     
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,239 $ 1,151$ 1,236$ — $ (17) $4,609
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 181 — — — 181
Shared service and other revenues — — — 435 (420) 15
Total operating revenues $ 2,239 $ 1,332$ 1,236$ 435$ (437) $4,805
December 31, 2017 - Successor     
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,158 $ 1,139$ 1,186$ — $ (14) $4,469
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 161 — — — 161
Shared service and other revenues — — — 52 (3) 49
Total operating revenues $ 2,158 $ 1,300$ 1,186$ 52$ (17) $4,679
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor     
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 1,675 $ 850$ 989$ 5$ (13) $3,506
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 92 — — — 92
Shared service and other revenues — — — 45 — 45
Total operating revenues $ 1,675 $ 942$ 989$ 50$ (13) $3,643
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor     
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 511 $ 279$ 268$ 42$ (4) $1,096
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 56 — 1 — 57
Shared service and other revenues — — — — — —
Total operating revenues $ 511 $ 335$ 268$ 43$ (4) $1,153
     
Intersegment revenues:     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 6 $ 8$ 3$ 435$ (437) $ 15
December 31, 2017 - Successor 6 8 2 53 (19) 50
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 4 5 2 47 (13) 45
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 1 2 1 — (4) —
Depreciation and amortization:     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 385 $ 182$ 136$ 37$ — $ 740
December 31, 2017 - Successor 321 167 146 42 (1) $ 675
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 224 120 128 43 — $ 515
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 71 37 37 11 (4) $ 152
Operating expenses:    
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 1,919 $ 1,143$ 1,087$ 442$ (435) $4,156
December 31, 2017 - Successor 1,760 1,071 1,029 68 (17) $3,911
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 1,577 952 1,000 33 (13) $3,549
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 443 284 251 73 (3) $1,048
455
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 Pepco  DPL  ACE  Other(b) Intersegment
Eliminations PHI
Interest expense, net:     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 128 $ 58 $ 64 $ 11 $ — $ 261
December 31, 2017 - Successor 121 51 61 13 (1)$ 245
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 98 38 47 12 — $ 195
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 29 12 15 11 (2)$ 65
Income (loss) before income taxes:     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 223 $ 142 $ 87 $ 388 $ (408)$ 432
December 31, 2017 - Successor 310 192 103 377 (404)$ 578
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 36 (30) (51) (84) 71 $ (58)
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 47 43 5 59 (118)$ 36
Income taxes:     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 13 $ 22 $ 12 $ (10) $ (2)$ 35
December 31, 2017 - Successor 105 71 26 15 — $ 217
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 26 5 (5) (23) — $ 3
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 15 17 1 (16) — $ 17
Net income (loss):     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 210 $ 120 $ 75 $ (22) $ 15 $ 398
December 31, 2017 - Successor 205 121 77 (91) 50 $ 362
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 10 (35) (47) (34) 45 $ (61)
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 32 26 5 (44) — $ 19
Capital expenditures:     
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 656 $ 364 $ 335 $ 20 $ — $1,375
December 31, 2017 - Successor 628 428 312 28 — $1,396
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016 -
Successor 489 277 218 24 — 1,008
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016 - Predecessor 97 72 93 11 — 273
Total assets:      
December 31, 2018 - Successor $ 8,299 $ 4,588 $ 3,699 $10,819 $ (5,421)$21,984
December 31, 2017 - Successor 7,832 4,357 3,445 10,600 (4,987) 21,247
456
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
__________
(a)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 23 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(b)Other primarily includes PHI’s corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and investment activities.  For the predecessor
periods presented, Other includes the activity of PHI’s unregulated businesses which were distributed to Exelon and Generation as a result of
the PHI Merger. 
The following tables disaggregate the Registrants' revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how
the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. For Generation, the
disaggregation of revenues reflects Generation's two primary products of power sales and natural gas sales, with further
disaggregation of power sales provided by geographic region. For the Utility Registrants, the disaggregation of revenues reflects the
two primary utility services of rate-regulated electric sales and rate-regulated natural gas sales (where applicable), with further
disaggregation of these tariff sales provided by major customer groups. Exelon's disaggreg ated revenues are consistent with
Generation and the Utility Registrants but exclude any intercompany revenues.
Competitive Business Revenues (Generation):
 2018
 Revenues from external customers(a)   
 Contracts with
customers  Other(b) TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,241 $ 233 $ 5,474 $ 13 $ 5,487
Midwest 4,527 190 4,717 (11) 4,706
New England 2,660 185 2,845 (4) 2,841
New York 1,723 (36) 1,687 — 1,687
ERCOT 572 560 1,132 1 1,133
Other Power Regions 870 686 1,556 (62) 1,494
Total Competitive Businesses Electric
Revenues 15,593 1,818 17,411 (63) 17,348
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas
Revenues 1,524 1,194 2,718 62 2,780
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues(c) 510  (202) 308 1 309
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues 17,627 2,810 $ 20,437 $ — $ 20,437
457
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 2017
 Revenues from external customers(a)   
 Contracts with
customers  Other(b) TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,523  $ (8)$ 5,515 $ 25 $ 5,540
Midwest 3,923  283 4,206 (25) 4,181
New England 2,064  (54) 2,010 (8) 2,002
New York 1,605  (38) 1,567 (17) 1,550
ERCOT 641  317 958 4 962
Other Power Regions 594  482 1,076 (27) 1,049
Total Competitive Businesses Electric
Revenues 14,350  982 15,332 (48) 15,284
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas
Revenues 1,658  917 2,575 53 2,628
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues(c)744  (151) 593 (5) 588
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 16,752  $ 1,748 $ 18,500 $ — $ 18,500
 2016
 Revenues from external customers(a)   
 Contracts with
customers Other(b) Total  Intersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 6,182 $ 30 $ 6,212  $ (33)$ 6,179
Midwest 4,007 395 4,402  10 4,412
New England 1,953 (175) 1,778  (9) 1,769
New York 1,198 10 1,208  (42) 1,166
ERCOT 810 21 831  6 837
Other Power Regions 670 299 969  (62) 907
Total Competitive Businesses Electric
Revenues 14,820 580 15,400  (130) 15,270
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas
Revenues 1,953 193 2,146  135 2,281
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues(c)756 (545) 211  (5) 206
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 17,529 $ 228 $ 17,757  $ — $ 17,757
__________
(a)Includes all wholesale and retail electric sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Includes revenues from derivatives and leases.
(c)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Includes a $38 million and $52 million
decrease to revenues for the amortization of intangible assets and liabilities related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value in 2017 and
2016, respectively, unrealized mark-to-market losses of $262 million, $131 million, and $500 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and
elimination of intersegment revenues.
458
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense (Generation):
 2018  2017 2016
 RNF from
external
customers(a)Intersegment
RNF  Total
RNF  RNF from
external
customers(a)Intersegment
RNF  Total
RNFRNF from
external
customers(a) Intersegment
RNF  Total
RNF
Mid-Atlantic $ 3,022$ 51 $3,073 $ 3,105$ 109 $3,214$ 3,282$ 35 $3,317
Midwest 3,112 23 3,135 2,810 10 2,820 2,969 2 2,971
New England 368 (14) 354 538 (24) 514 467 (29) 438
New York 1,112 10 1,122 1,007 1 1,008 771 (19) 752
ERCOT 501 (243) 258 575 (243) 332 412 (131) 281
Other Power
Regions 515 (140) 375 476 (171) 305 483 (147) 336
Total Revenues
net of
purchased power
and fuel for
Reportable
Segments $ 8,630$ (313) $8,317 $ 8,511$ (318) $8,193$ 8,384$ (289) $8,095
Other (b) 114 313 427 299 318 617 543 289 832
Total Generation
Revenues net of
purchased power
and fuel expense$ 8,744$ — $8,744 $ 8,810$ — $8,810$ 8,927$ — $8,927
__________ 
(a)Includes purchases and sales from/to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Includes a $54 million and $57 million
decrease in RNF for the amortization of intangible assets and liabilities related to commodity contracts in 2017 and 2016, respectively,
unrealized mark-to-market losses of $319 million, $175 million, and $41 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, accelerated nuclear fuel
amortization associated with the announced early plant retirements as discussed in Note 8 - Early Plant Retirements of $57 million, $12 million
and $60 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 and the elimination of intersegment RNF.
459
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Electric and Gas Revenue by Customer Class (Utility Registrants):
 2018
    Successor    
Revenues from contracts with
customers ComEd PECO  BGE  PHI Pepco  DPL  ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues       
Residential $ 2,942 $ 1,566 $ 1,382 $ 2,351$ 1,021 $ 669 $ 661
Small commercial & industrial 1,487 404 257 488 140 186 162
Large commercial & industrial 538 223 429 1,124 846 100 178
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 28 28 58 32 14 12
Other(a) 867 243 327 593 193 175 227
Total rate-regulated electric revenues(b)5,881 2,464 2,423 4,614 2,232 1,144 1,240
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues       
Residential — 395 491 99 — 99 —
Small commercial & industrial — 143 77 44 — 44 —
Large commercial & industrial — 1 124 8 — 8 —
Transportation — 23 — 16 — 16 —
Other(c) — 6 63 13 — 13 —
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(d) — 568 755 180 — 180 —
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers 5,881 3,032 3,178 4,794 2,232 1,324 1,240
       
Other revenues       
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs (29) (7) (26) — — 4 (4)
Other rate-regulated electric revenues(e)30 12 13 10 7 3 —
Other rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(e) — 1 4 1 — 1 —
Total other revenues 1 6 (9) 11 7 8 (4)
Total rate-regulated revenues for
reportable segments $ 5,882 $ 3,038 $ 3,169 $ 4,805$ 2,239 $ 1,332 $ 1,236
460
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 2017
   Successor    
Revenues from contracts with
customers ComEd PECO  BGE PHI  Pepco  DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues      
Residential $ 2,715$ 1,505 $ 1,365$ 2,246 $ 964 $ 663$ 619
Small commercial & industrial 1,363 401 254 490 137 187 166
Large commercial & industrial 455 223 427 1,086 794 103 189
Public authorities & electric railroads 44 30 31 60 33 14 13
Other(a) 886 204 299 541 199 163 191
Total rate-regulated electric revenues(b)5,463 2,363 2,376 4,423 2,127 1,130 1,178
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues      
Residential — 331 437 90 — 90 —
Small commercial & industrial — 131 75 38 — 38 —
Large commercial & industrial — 1 119 8 — 8 —
Transportation — 23 — 15 — 15 —
Other(c) — 8 28 9 — 9 —
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(d) — 494 659 160 — 160 —
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers 5,463 2,857 3,035 4,583 2,127 1,290 1,178
      
Other revenues      
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs 43 — 124 40 26 6 8
Other rate-regulated electric revenues(e)30 12 13 8 5 3 —
Other rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(e)— 1 4 1 — 1 —
Other revenues(f) — — — 47 — — —
Total other revenues 73 13 141 96 31 10 8
Total rate-regulated revenues for
reportable segments $ 5,536$ 2,870 $ 3,176$ 4,679 $ 2,158 $ 1,300$ 1,186
461
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
     Successor   Predecessor
2016  March 24, 2016
to December
31, 2016  January 1, 2016
to March 23,
2016
Revenues from contracts with
customers ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE PHI   PHI
Rate-regulated electric revenues         
Residential $2,603 $1,631 $1,504 $1,004$ 672$ 664 $ 1,779  $ 561
Small commercial & industrial 1,318 430 276 150 188 183 400  121
Large commercial & industrial 462 234 434 790 99 201 835  255
Public authorities & electric
railroads 45 32 35 32 13 13 45  13
Other(a)820 192 276 190 160 187 400  169
Total rate-regulated electric
revenues(b)5,248 2,519 2,525 2,166 1,132 1,248 3,459  1,119
Rate-regulated natural gas
revenues         
Residential — 309 432 — 86 — 50  36
Small commercial & industrial — 121 66 — 35 — 21  14
Large commercial & industrial — — 114 — 6 — 4  2
Transportation — 24 — — 13 — 10  3
Other(c)— 9 28 — 8 — 7  2
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(d)— 463 640 — 148 — 92  57
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers 5,248 2,982 3,165 2,166 1,280 1,248 3,551  1,176
        
Other revenues         
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs (24) — 53 14 (6) 9 43  (26)
Other rate-regulated electric
revenues(e)30 12 13 6 3 — 6  3
Other rate-regulated natural gas
revenues(e)— — 2 — — — —  —
Other revenues(f)— — — — — — 43  —
Total other revenues 6 12 68 20 (3) 9 92  (23)
Total rate-regulated revenues for
reportable segments $5,254 $2,994 $3,233 $2,186$1,277$1,257 $ 3,643  $ 1,153
__________
(a)Includes revenues from transmission revenue from PJM, wholesale electric revenue and mutual assistance revenue.
(b)Includes operating revenues from affiliates of $27 million, $7 million, $8 million, $15 million, $6 million, $8 million and $3 million at ComEd,
PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively, in 2018, $15 million, $6 million, $5 million, $3 million, $6 million, $8 million and $2 million
at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, in 2017, and $15 million, $7 million, $7 million, $2 million, $5 million, $7 million and $3
million at ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE, respectively, in 2016.
(c)Includes revenues from off-system natural gas sales.
(d)Includes operating revenues from affiliates of $1 million and $21 million at PECO and BGE, respectively, in 2018, $1 million and $11 million at
PECO and BGE, respectively, in 2017, and $1 million and $14 million at PECO and BGE, respectively, in 2016.
(e)Includes late payment charge revenues.
(f)Includes operating revenues from affiliates of $47 million and $43 million at PHI in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
462
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
25. Related Party T ransactions  (All Registrants)
Exelon
The financial statements of Exelon include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:   
Generation (a)(2) — 
PECO (a)— 1 1
BGE (a)— 4 4
ACE (a)— — —
Other 1 2 5
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ (1) $ 7 $ 10
Interest expense to af filiates, net:   
ComEd Financing III $ 13 $ 14 $ 13
PECO Trust III 6 6 6
PECO Trust IV 6 6 6
BGE Capital Trust II — 10 16
Total interest expense to af filiates, net $ 25 $ 36 $ 41
Earnings (losses) in equity method investments:   
Qualifying facilities and domestic power projects $ (29) $ (33) $ (25)
Other 1 1 1
Total losses in equity method investments $ (28) $ (32) $ (24)
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Payables to af filiates (current):  
ComEd Financing III $ 4$ 4
PECO Trust III 1 1
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 5$ 5
Long-term debt to financing trusts:  
ComEd Financing III $ 206 $ 205
PECO Trust III 81 81
PECO Trust IV 103 103
Total long-term debt to financing trusts $ 390 $ 389
__________
(a)The intersegment profit associated with the sale of certain products and services by and between Exelon’s segments is not eliminated in
consolidation due to the recognition of intersegment profit in accordance with regulatory authoritative guidance. For Exelon, these amounts are
included in operating revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 4—Regulatory Matters for additional information.
463
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Transactions involving Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE are further described in the tables below .
Generation
The financial statements of Generation include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
ComEd (a)$ 523 $ 121 $ 47
PECO (b)128 138 290
BGE (c)260 388 608
Pepco (d)206  255  295
DPL (e)120  179  154
ACE (f)29 29 37
BSC 2 1 2
Other — 4 6
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 1,268  $ 1,115  $ 1,439
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates:    
ComEd $ (6) $ 13 $ —
BGE 20 9 12
Other — (3) —
Total purchased power and fuel from af filiates $ 14 $ 19 $ 12
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
ComEd (g)$ 7 $ 7 $ 7
PECO (g)2 1 3
BGE (g)2 1 1
Pepco 1 — 1
PHISCO 1 1 1
BSC  (h)652  689  650
Other (4) (2) —
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 661  $ 697  $ 663
Interest expense to af filiates, net:    
Exelon Corporate (i)$ 36 $ 37 $ 39
PCI — 1 —
PECO — 1 —
Total interest expense to af filiates, net: $ 36 $ 39 $ 39
Earnings (losses) in equity method investments    
Qualifying facilities and domestic power projects $ (30) $ (33) $ (25)
Capitalized costs    
BSC  (h)$ 67 $ 98 $ 98
Cash distributions paid to member $ 1,001  $ 659  $ 922
Contributions from member $ 155  $ 102  $ 142
464
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Receivables from af filiates (current):   
ComEd (a)$ 69 $ 28
PECO (b)30 26
BGE (c)24 24
Pepco (d)28 36
DPL (e)7 12
ACE (f)5 6
PHISCO (h)— 1
Other 10 7
Total receivables from af filiates (current) $ 173 $ 140
Intercompany money pool (current):   
Exelon Corporate $ 100 $ —
PCI — 54
Total intercompany money pool (current) $ 100 $ 54
Payables to af filiates (current):   
Exelon Corporate (i)$ 17 $ 21
BSC (h)95 74
ComEd 19 12
PECO (b)— 4
Other 8 12
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 139 $ 123
Other liabilities to af filiates (current):   
ComEd (a)$ 14 $ —
Long-term debt to af filiates (noncurrent):   
Exelon Corporate (k)$ 898 $ 910
Payables to af filiates (noncurrent):   
ComEd (j)$ 2,217 $ 2,528
PECO (j)389 537
Total payables to af filiates (noncurrent) $ 2,606 $ 3,065
465
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
__________
(a)Generation has an ICC-approved RFP contract with ComEd to provide a portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements. Generation also
sells RECs and ZECs to ComEd.
(b)Generation provides electric supply to PECO under contracts executed through PECO’s competitive procurement process. In addition,
Generation has a ten-year agreement with PECO to sell solar AECs.
(c)Generation provides a portion of BGE’s energy requirements under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and gas commodity programs.
(d)Generation provides electric supply to Pepco under contracts executed through Pepco's competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and DCPSC.
(e)Generation provides a portion of DPL's energy requirements under its MDPSC and DPSC approved market based SOS and gas commodity
programs.
(f)Generation provides electric supply to ACE under contracts executed through ACE's competitive procurement process.
(g)Generation requires electricity for its own use at its generating stations. Generation purchases electricity and distribution and transmission
services from PECO and BGE and only distribution and transmission services from ComEd for the delivery of electricity to its generating
stations.
(h)Generation receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC and PHISCO, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is
capitalized.
(i)The balance consists of interest owed to Exelon Corporation related to the senior unsecured notes, as well as, expense related to certain
invoices Exelon Corporation processed on behalf of Generation.
(j)Generation has long-term payables to ComEd and PECO as a result of the nuclear decommissioning contractual construct whereby, to the
extent NDT funds are greater than the underlying ARO at the end of decommissioning, such amounts are due back to ComEd and PECO, as
applicable, for payment to their respective customers. See Note 15—Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information.
(k)In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger, Exelon and subsidiaries of Generation (former
Constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of
Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable included in Long-term Debt to affiliates in Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and
intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate, which are eliminated in consolidation in Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
466
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
ComEd
The financial statements of ComEd include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates    
Generation $ 9$ 9$ 7
BSC  7 6 6
PECO 10 — 1
BGE 1 — 1
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 27 $ 15 $ 15
Purchased power from af filiates    
Generation  (a)$ 529  $ 108  $ 47
Operating and maintenance from af filiates    
BSC  (b)$ 265  $ 270  $ 225
PECO 1 — 1
BGE 1 — 1
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 267  $ 270  $ 227
Interest expense to af filiates, net:    
ComEd Financing III $ 13 $ 13 $ 13
Capitalized costs    
BSC  (b)$ 135  $ 118  $ 112
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 459  $ 422  $ 369
Contributions from parent $ 500  $ 651  $ 315
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Prepaid voluntary employee beneficiary association trust  (c)$ 5$ 2
Receivables from af filiates (current):   
Voluntary employee beneficiary association trust $ 1$ 1
Generation 19 12
Total receivables from af filiates (current) $ 20 $ 13
Receivables from af filiates (noncurrent):   
Generation  (d)$ 2,217 $ 2,528
Payables to af filiates (current):   
Generation (a)$ 55 $ 28
BSC (b)56 39
ComEd Financing III 4 4
Exelon Corporate 4 3
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 119 $ 74
Long-term debt to ComEd financing trust:   
ComEd Financing III $ 205 $ 205
__________
(a)ComEd procures a portion of its electricity supply requirements from Generation under an ICC-approved RFP contract. ComEd also purchases
RECs and ZECs from Generation.
467
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(b)ComEd receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology and
supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is capitalized.
(c)The voluntary employee benefit association trusts covering active employees are included in corporate operations and are funded by the
Registrants. A prepayment to the active welfare plans has accumulated due to actuarially determined contribution rates, which are the basis for
ComEd’s contributions to the plans, being higher than actual claim expense incurred by the plans over time. The prepayment is included in other
current assets.
(d)ComEd has a long-term receivable from Generation as a result of the nuclear decommissioning contractual construct for generating facilities
previously owned by ComEd. To the extent the assets associated with decommissioning are greater than the applicable ARO at the end of
decommissioning, such amounts are due back to ComEd for payment to ComEd’s customers.
PECO
The financial statements of PECO include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
Generation (a)$ 2$ 1$ 3
BSC 3 5 3
ComEd 1 — 1
BGE 1 1 1
ACE 1 — —
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 8 $ 7 $ 8
Purchased power from af filiates    
Generation (b)$ 126  $ 135  $ 287
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC (c)$ 146  $ 146  $ 142
Generation 2 2 2
ComEd
7 — 1
BGE 1 1 1
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 156  $ 149  $ 146
Interest expense to af filiates, net:    
PECO Trust III $ 6 $ 6 $ 6
PECO Trust IV 6 6 6
Exelon Corporate
2 — —
Generation — (1) —
Total interest expense to af filiates, net: $ 14 $ 11 $ 12
Capitalized costs    
BSC  (c)$ 64 $ 59 $ 57
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 306  $ 288  $ 277
Contributions from parent $ 89 $ 16 $ 18
468
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Prepaid voluntary employee beneficiary association trust  (d)$ 1$ —
Receivables from af filiates (noncurrent):  
Generation (e)$ 389 $ 537
Payables to af filiates (current):  
Generation (b)$ 30 $ 22
BSC (c)26 29
Exelon Corporate 2 1
PECO Trust III 1 1
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 59 $ 53
Long-term debt to financing trusts:  
PECO Trust III $ 81 $ 81
PECO Trust IV 103 103
Total long-term debt to financing trusts $ 184 $ 184
__________
(a)PECO provides energy to Generation for Generation’s own use.
(b)PECO purchases electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through its competitive procurement process. In addition, PECO has
five-year and ten-year agreements with Generation to purchase non-solar and solar AECs, respectively.
(c)PECO receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology and supply
management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is capitalized.
(d)The voluntary employee beneficiary association trusts covering active employees are included in corporate operations and are funded by the
Registrants. A prepayment to the active welfare plans has accumulated due to actuarially determined contribution rates, which are the basis for
PECO’s contributions to the plans, being higher than actual claim expense incurred by the plans over time.
(e)PECO has a long-term receivable from Generation as a result of the nuclear decommissioning contractual construct, whereby, to the extent the
assets associated with decommissioning are greater than the applicable ARO at the end of decommissioning, such amounts are due back to
PECO for payment to PECO’s customers.
469
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
BGE
The financial statements of BGE include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
Generation  (a)$ 22 $ 10 $ 13
BSC  5 5 6
ComEd 1 — 1
PECO 1 1 1
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 29 $ 16 $ 21
Purchased power from af filiates    
Generation  (b)$ 257  $ 384  $ 604
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC  (c)$ 157  $ 152  $ 130
Generation 3 — —
ComEd 1 — 1
PECO 1 1 1
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 162  $ 153  $ 132
Interest expense to af filiates, net:    
BGE Capital Trust II $ — $ 10 $ 16
Capitalized costs    
BSC  (c)$ 79 $ 54 $ 36
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 209  $ 198  $ 179
Contributions from parent $ 109  $ 184  $ 61
 December 31,
 2018  2017
Receivables from af filiates (current):  
Other $ 1 $ 1
Payables to af filiates (current):  
Generation (b)$ 24 $ 24
BSC (c)38 25
Exelon Corporate 2 1
Other 1 2
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 65 $ 52
__________
(a)BGE provides energy to Generation for Generation’s own use. 
(b)BGE procures a portion of its electricity and gas supply requirements from Generation under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and gas
commodity programs.
(c)BGE receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology and supply
management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is capitalized.
470
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
 PHI
The financial statements of PHI include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 Successor
 For the Year Ended
December 31,For the Year Ended
December 31,  March 24, 2016 to
December 31,
 2018 2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:     
BSC $ 12 $ 48 $ 44
PHISCO 1 2 —
Generation 2 — 1
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 15 $ 50 $ 45
Purchased power from af filiates     
Generation $ 355 $ 463  $ 486
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:     
BSC (a)$ 147 $ 145  $ 86
Other 5 5 3
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 152 $ 150  $ 89
Earnings (losses) in equity method investments:     
Other $ 1$ — $ —
Capitalized costs:     
BSC (a)$ 102 $ — $ —
PHISCO (a)79 — —
Total capitalized costs $ 181 $ — $ —
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 326 $ 311  $ 273
Contributions from parent $ 385 $ 758  $ 1,251
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Payables to af filiates (current):  
Generation $ 40 $ 54
BGE — 1
BSC(a)41 24
Exelon Corporate 6 6
Other 7 5
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 94 $ 90
__________
(a)PHI receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC and PHISCO, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology
and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is capitalized.
471
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Pepco
The financial statements of Pepco include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
Generation (a)$ 1 $ — $ 1
BSC 1 — —
PHISCO 4 6 4
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 6 $ 6 $ 5
Purchased power from af filiates    
Generation  (b)$ 206  $ 255  $ 295
Operating and maintenance:    
PHISCO (c), (e)$ — $ 219  $ 263
PES (d) — 29 39
Total operating and maintenance $ — $ 248  $ 302
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC  (c)$ 89 $ 53 $ 31
PHISCO (c), (e)137  5 4
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 226  $ 58 $ 35
Capitalized costs:    
BSC  (c)$ 40 $ — $ —
PHISCO (c) 32 — —
Total capitalized costs $ 72 $ — $ —
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 169  $ 133  $ 136
Contributions from parent $ 166  $ 161  $ 187
 December 31,
 2018 2017
Receivables from af filiates (current):  
DPL $ 1$ —
Payables to af filiates (current):  
Exelon Corporation $ 1$ —
Generation (b)28 36
BSC (c)19 11
PHISCO (c)14 27
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 62 $ 74
__________
(a)Pepco provides energy to Generation for Generation’s own use. 
(b)Pepco procures a portion of its electricity supply requirements from Generation under its MDPSC and DCPSC approved market based SOS
commodity programs.
(c)Pepco receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC and PHISCO, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is
capitalized.
(d)PES performed underground transmission, distribution construction and maintenance services, including services that are treated as capital
costs, for Pepco.
472
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(e)Due to the PHI entities' system conversion to Exelon's accounting systems on January 1, 2018, corporate support services received from
PHISCO are reported in Operating and maintenance from affiliates in 2018.
DPL
The financial statements of DPL  include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
BSC $ 1 $ — $ —
PHISCO 4 6 5
ComEd 1 — —
ACE 1 — —
Other 1 2 2
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 8 $ 8 $ 7
Purchased power from af filiates    
Generation  (a)$ 120  $ 179  $ 154
Operating and maintenance:    
PHISCO (b), (d)$ — $ 165  $ 194
PES (c)— 9 8
Total operating and maintenance $ — $ 174  $ 202
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC (b)$ 51 $ 31 $ 18
PHISCO (b), (d)111  — —
Other — 1 1
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 162  $ 32 $ 19
Capitalized costs:    
BSC (b)
$ 28 $ — $ —
PHISCO (b)
25 — —
Total capitalized costs $ 53 $ — $ —
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 96 $ 112  $ 54
Contributions from parent $ 150  $ — $ 152
 December 31,
 2018  2017
Payables to af filiates (current):  
Exelon Corporate $ 1 $ —
Generation (a)7 12
BSC (b)11 7
PHISCO (b)12 27
Pepco 1 —
ACE 1 —
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 33 $ 46
__________
473
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(a)DPL procures a portion of its electricity and gas supply requirements from Generation under its MDPSC and DPSC approved market based
SOS and gas commodity programs.
(b)DPL receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC and PHISCO, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is
capitalized.
(c)PES performed underground transmission construction services, including services that are treated as capital costs, for DPL.
(d)Due to the PHI entities' system conversion to Exelon's accounting systems on January 1, 2018, corporate support services received from
PHISCO are reported in Operating and maintenance from affiliates in 2018.
ACE
The financial statements of ACE include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2018  2017  2016
Operating revenues from af filiates:    
PHISCO $ 2 $ 1 $ 2
Other 1 1 1
Total operating revenues from af filiates $ 3 $ 2 $ 3
Purchased power from af filiates    
Generation  (a)$ 29 $ 29 $ 37
Operating and maintenance:    
PHISCO (b), (c)$ — $ 135  $ 155
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC (b)$ 42 $ 25 $ 15
PHISCO (b), (c)98 — —
Other 2 3 3
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates $ 142  $ 28 $ 18
Capitalized costs:    
BSC (b)
$ 20 $ — $ —
PHISCO (b)
21 — —
Total capitalized costs $ 41 $ — $ —
Cash dividends paid to parent $ 59 $ 68 $ 63
Contributions from parent $ 67 $ — $ 139
 December 31,
 2018  2017
Receivable from af filiate (current):  
DPL $ 1 $ —
Payables to af filiates (current):  
Generation (a)$ 5 $ 6
BSC (b)8 5
PHISCO (b)13 18
Other 2 —
Total payables to af filiates (current) $ 28 $ 29
__________
(a)ACE purchases electric supply from Generation under contracts executed through its competitive procurement process.
474
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
(b)ACE receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC and PHISCO, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead. A portion of such services is
capitalized.
(c)Due to the PHI entities' system conversion to Exelon's accounting systems on January 1, 2018, corporate support services received from
PHISCO are reported in Operating and maintenance from affiliates in 2018.
26. Quarterly Data  (Unaudited) (All Registrants)
Exelon
The data shown below , which may not equal the total for the year due to the effects of rounding and dilution, includes all adjustments
that Exelon considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues  Operating IncomeNet Income
Attributable to
Common Shareholders
 2018 2017  2018  2017 2018 2017
Quarter ended:      
March 31 $ 9,693 $ 8,747  $ 1,101  $ 1,308 $ 585 $ 990
June 30 8,076 7,665  942  300 539 95
September 30 9,403 8,768  1,146  1,499 733 823
December 31 8,814 8,384  708  1,288 152 1,880
 Net Income
per Basic ShareNet Income
per Diluted Share
 2018  2017 2018  2017
Quarter ended:     
March 31 $ 0.61  $ 1.07 $ 0.60  $ 1.06
June 30 0.56  0.10 0.56  0.10
September 30 0.76  0.86 0.76  0.85
December 31 0.16  1.95 0.16  1.94
Generation
The data shown below includes all adjustments that Generation considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income (Loss)  Net Income (Loss)
Attributable to
Membership Interest
 2018  2017 2018 2017  2018  2017
Quarter ended:     
March 31 $ 5,512  $ 4,878 $ 347 $ 373  $ 136  $ 418
June 30 4,579  4,216 282 (427) 178  (235)
September 30 5,278  4,750 311 497  234  304
December 31 5,069  4,657 35 504  (178) 2,224
475
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
ComEd
The data shown below includes all adjustments that ComEd considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2018  2017 2018  2017 2018  2017
Quarter ended:      
March 31 $ 1,512  $ 1,298 $ 292  $ 314 $ 165  $ 141
June 30 1,398  1,357 288  319 164  118
September 30 1,598  1,571 323  404 193  189
December 31 1,373  1,309 242  286 141  120
PECO
The data shown below includes all adjustments that PECO considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2018  2017 2018  2017 2018 2017
Quarter ended:     
March 31 $ 866  $ 796 $ 142  $ 192 $ 113 $ 127
June 30 653  630 127  137 96 88
September 30 757  715 154  169 126 112
December 31 765  729 165  157 124 107
BGE
The data shown below includes all adjustments that BGE considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues  Operating Income Net Income
 2018  2017  2018 2017 2018  2017
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 977  $ 951  $ 177 $ 228 $ 128  $ 125
June 30 662  674  85 98 51 45
September 30 731  738  103 124 63 62
December 31 799  813  109 163 71 76
476
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
PHI
The data shown below includes all adjustments that PHI considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income  Net Income Attributable to
Membership Interest
 2018 2017 2018  2017  2018  2017
Quarter ended:         
March 31 $ 1,251 $ 1,175 $ 126  $ 180  $ 65 $ 140
June 30 1,076 1,074 153  148  84 66
September 30 1,361 1,310 245  285  187  153
December 31 1,117 1,121 126  159  62 4
Pepco
The data shown below includes all adjustments that Pepco considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2018  2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 557  $ 530 $ 56 $ 79 $ 31 $ 58
June 30 523  514 85 84 54 43
September 30 628  604 112 149 89 87
December 31 531  510 65 87 36 17
DPL
The data shown below includes all adjustments that DPL  considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income
 2018  2017 2018 2017 2018 2017
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 384  $ 362 $ 49 $ 78 $ 31 $ 57
June 30 289  282 42 41 26 19
September 30 328  327 51 59 33 31
December 31 331  330 48 52 30 14
ACE
The data shown below includes all adjustments that ACE considers necessary for a fair presentation of such amounts:
 Operating Revenues Operating Income Net Income (Loss)
 2018 2017 2018  2017 2018  2017
Quarter ended:       
March 31 $ 310 $ 275 $ 23 $ 25 $ 7 $ 28
June 30 265 270 25 25 8 8
September 30 406 370 84 79 61 41
December 31 254 271 14 28 (1) —
477
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
27. Subsequent Events  (Exelon and Generation)
Generation’ s Antelope Valley, a 242 MW solar facility in Lancaster , CA, sells all of its output to Pacific Gas and Electric Company
(PG&E) through a PPA. As of December 31, 2018, Generation had approximately $750 million  and $510 million  of net long-lived
assets and nonrecourse debt outstanding, respe ctively , related to Antelope Valley. The nonrecourse debt is guaranteed by the DOE
Loan Programs Of fice. Neither the guarantor nor the lender have recourse against Exelon or Generation in the event of default.
On January 29, 2019, PG&E filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. PG&E’ s bankruptcy creates an
event of default for Antelope Valley’ s nonrecourse debt. As such, Antelope Valley is currently in discussions with the DOE Loan
Programs Office, and the debt has not yet been  accelerated. Given that the event of default did not occur until January 2019, the
debt continued to be classified as non-current on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018,
and may be reclassified to current in 2019.
Generation has also assessed and determined that Antelope Valley’ s long-lived assets are not impaired as of December 31, 2018.
Changes in assumptions  such as the likelihood of the PPA being rejected as part of the bankruptcy proceedings could potentially
result in future impairments of Antelope Valley. The impairment loss could be substantially all of the net long-lived assets if Antelope
Valley was valued witho ut the PPA. Generation  is monitoring the bankruptcy proceedings for any changes in circumstances that
would indicate the carrying amount of the net long-lived assets of Antelope V alley may not be recoverable.
Antelope Valley is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of EGR IV, which had approximately $1,990 millio n and $830 million  of
additional net long-lived assets and nonrecourse debt outstanding, respectively , as of December 31, 2018. EGR IV is a wholly
owned indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Gene ration and includes Generation's interest in EGRP  and other projects with non-
controlling interests. EGR IV is currently not in default, however , an acceleration of Antelope Valley’ s debt could impact EGR IV. The
lenders do not have recourse against Exelon or Generation in the event of default by EGR IV. See Note 2 - Variable Interest Entities
for additiona l details on EGRP  and Note 13 — Debt and Credit Agreem ents for additiona l details on Generation's nonrecourse
project financings .
478
Table of Contents
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
All Registrants—Disclosure Controls and Procedures
During the fourth quarter of 2018 , each registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of that registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures related to the recording, processing,
summarizing and reporting of information in that registrant’ s periodic reports that it files with the SEC. These disclosure controls and
procedures have been designed by each registrant to ensure that (a) information relating to that registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, that is required to be included in filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is accumulated and made known to
that registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, by other employees of that
registrant and its subsidiaries as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and (b) this information is
recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated and reported, as applicable, within the time perio ds specified in the SEC’ s rules and
forms. Due to the inhere nt limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected . These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally , controls could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by collusion of two or more people.
Accordingly , as of December 31, 2018 , the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of each registrant concluded that
such registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures were ef fective to accomplish their objectives.
All Registrants—Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Each registrant continually strives to improve its disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of its financial reporting
and to maint ain dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. However , there have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fourth  quarter of 2018  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, any of the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
All Registrants—Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is required to assess and report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2018 . As a result  of that assessment, management determined that there were no material weaknesses as of December 31, 2018
and, therefore, concluded that each registrant’ s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Management’ s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION
All Registrants
None.
479
Table of Contents
PART III  
Exelon Gene ration Com pany , LLC, PECO Energ y Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac
Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in
General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K  for a reduced disclosure format. Accordingly , all items in this section relating to
Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE are not presented.
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Executive Officers
The information required by ITEM 10. relating to executive officers is set forth above in ITEM 1. BUSINESS —Executive officers of
the Registrants  at February 8, 2019 .
Directors, Director Nomination Process and Audit Committee
The informa tion require d under ITEM 10 concerning directors and nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of
shareholders (Item 401 of Regulation S-K), the director nomination process (Item 407(c)(3)), the audit committee (Item 407(d)(4) and
(d)(5)) and the beneficial reporting compliance (Sec. 16(a)) is incorporated herein by reference to information to be contained in
Exelon’ s definitive 2019  proxy statement (2019  Exelo n Proxy Stateme nt) and the ComEd information statement (2019  ComEd
Information Statement) to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2019  pursuant to Regulation 14A or 14C, as applicable, under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Code of Ethics
Exelon’ s Code of Business Conduct is the code of ethics that applies to Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Corpor ate Controller , and other finance organization employees. The Code of Business Conduct is filed as Exhibit
14 to this report and is available on Exelon’ s website at www .exeloncorp.com. The Code of Business Conduct will be made
available, without charge, in print to any shareho lder who requests such document from Carter C. Culver , Senior Vice President and
Deputy General Counsel, Exelon Corporation, P .O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398.
If any substa ntive amend ments to the Code of Business Conduct are made or any waivers are granted, including any implicit waiver ,
from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct, to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finan cial Officer or Corporate Controller ,
Exelon will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Exelon’ s website, www .exeloncorp.com, or in a report on Form 8-K.
480
Table of Contents
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under Executive Compensation Data  and Report of the Compensation
Committee in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2019  Annual Meeting of Shar eholders or the ComEd 2019  Information Statement,
which are incorporated herein by reference.
481
Table of Contents
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Ownership of Exelon Stock in the 2019  Exelo n Proxy
Statement or the ComEd 2019  Information Statement and incorporated herein by reference.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Exelon Equity Compensation Plans
 [A]  [B] [C]
Plan CategoryNumber of securities to
be issued upon
exercise of outstanding
Options, warrants and
rights (Note 1)  Weighted-average
price of outstanding
Options, warrants
and rights (Note 2)Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
under equity
compensation plans
(excluding securities
reflected in
column [B]) (Note 3)
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders 10,401,300  $ 23.77 30,071,500
__________
(1)Balance includes stock options, unvested performance shares, and unvested restricted shares granted under the Exelon LTIP or predecessor
company plans including shares awarded under those plans and deferred into the stock deferral plan, and deferred stock units granted to
directors as part of their compensation. Unvested performance shares are subject to performance metrics ranging from 0% to 150% of target
award values and to a total shareholder return modifier. For performance shares granted in 2016, 2017 and 2018, the total includes the number
of shares that could be issued pursuant to the terms of the Exelon LTIP plan, which provides that final payouts are made 50% in shares of stock
and 50% in cash, and if the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were both at maximum, representing a best case
performance scenario, for a total of 4,942,100 shares. If the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were at target, the
number of securities to be issued for such awards would be 2,471,000. The deferred stock units granted to directors includes 433,400 shares to
be issued upon the conversion of deferred stock units awarded to members of the Exelon Board of Directors. Conversion of the deferred stock
units to shares occurs after a director terminates service to the Exelon board or the board of any of its subsidiary companies. See Note 19 —
Stock-Based Compensation Plans of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the material
features of the plans.
(2)The weighted-average price reported in column B does not take the performance shares and shares credited to deferred compensation plans
into account.
(3)Includes 18,410,700 shares remaining available for issuance from the employee stock purchase plan.
No ComEd securities are authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.
482
Table of Contents
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Related Persons Transactions and Director Independence in
the Exelon Proxy Statem ent for the 2019  Annu al Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd  2019  Inform ation Statement, which are
incorporated herein by reference.
483
Table of Contents
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under The Ratification of Pricewat erhouseCoopers LLP as Exelon’ s
Independent Accountant for 2019  in the Exelo n Proxy Statement for the 2019  Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the ComEd 2019
Information Statement, which are incorporated herein by reference.
484
Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:
(1) Exelon
(i)   Financial Statements (Item 8):
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)   Financial Statement Schedules:
   Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate) at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for
the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
   Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
   Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.
485
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016
Operating expenses    
Operating and maintenance $ (5) $ 10 $ 221
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 9 25 51
Other 4 4 4
Total operating expenses 8 39 276
Operating loss (8) (39) (276)
Other income and (deductions)    
Interest expense, net (312) (315) (312)
Equity in earnings of investments 2,188  4,414  1,508
Interest income from af filiates, net 42 40 39
Other , net 3 1 7
Total other income 1,921  4,140  1,242
Income before income taxes 1,913  4,101  966
Income taxes (97) 315  (155)
Net income $ 2,010  $ 3,786  $ 1,121
Other comprehensive income (loss)    
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:    
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic costs $ (66) $ (56) $ (48)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic cost 247  197  184
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation
adjustment (143) 10 (181)
Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges 12 3 2
Unrealized gain on marketable securities — 6 1
Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investments 1 6 (4)
Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation (10) 7 10
Other comprehensive income (loss) 41 173 (36)
Comprehensive income $ 2,051  $ 3,959  $ 1,085
See the Notes to Financial Statements
486
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016
Net cash flows provided by operating activities $ 2,581  $ 1,921  $ 1,029
Cash flows from investing activities     
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 1 (129) 1,390
Investment in af filiates (1,236 ) (1,717 ) (1,757 )
Acquisition of business — — (6,962 )
Other investing activities — (5) 5
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,235 ) (1,851 ) (7,324 )
Cash flows from financing activities     
Issuance of long-term debt — — 1,800
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90
days — 500  —
Retirement of long-term debt — (569) (46)
Common stock issued from treasury stock — 1,150  —
Dividends paid on common stock (1,332 ) (1,236 ) (1,166 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans 105  150  55
Other financing activities (4) (9) (20)
Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities (1,231 ) (14) 623
Increase (Decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 115  56 (5,672 )
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 74 18 5,690
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 189  $ 74 $ 18
See the Notes to Financial Statements
487
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
ASSETS   
Current assets   
Cash and cash equivalents $ 189 $ 74
Accounts receivable, net   
Other accounts receivable 48 431
Accounts receivable from af filiates 44 33
Notes receivable from af filiates 216 217
Regulatory assets 182 284
Other 4 4
Total current assets 683 1,043
Property , plant and equipment, net 48 50
Deferred debits and other assets   
Regulatory assets 3,742 3,697
Investments in af filiates 40,448 39,311
Deferred income taxes 1,455 1,431
Notes receivable from af filiates 898 910
Other 235 234
Total deferred debits and other assets 46,778 45,583
Total assets $ 47,509 $ 46,676
See the Notes to Financial Statements
488
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2018 2017
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 500$ 500
Accounts payable 1 2
Accrued expenses 184 99
Payables to affiliates 360 360
Regulatory liabilities 15 16
Pension obligations 63 65
Other 14 46
Total current liabilities 1,137 1,088
Long-term debt 7,147 7,161
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Regulatory liabilities 32 15
Pension obligations 7,795 7,792
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 199 322
Deferred income taxes 233 220
Other 202 180
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 8,461 8,529
Total liabilities 16,745 16,778
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’ equity
Common stock (No par value, 2,000 shares authorized, 968 shares and 963
shares outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively) 19,116 18,966
Treasury stock, at cost (2 shares at December 31, 2018 and 2017) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 14,766 14,081
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (2,995) (3,026)
Total shareholders’ equity 30,764 29,898
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 47,509$ 46,676
See the Notes to Financial Statements
489
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 
1. Basis of Presentation
Exelon Corp orate is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. These
condensed financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation
S-X. These statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Exelon
Corporation.
Exelon Corporate owns 100%  of all of its significant subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly , except for Commonwealth Edison
Company (ComEd), of which Exelon Corporate owns more than 99%, and BGE, of which Exelon owns 100%  of the comm on stock
but none of BGE’ s preferred stock. BGE redeemed all of its outstanding preferred stock in 2016.
2. Mergers
On March 23, 2016, Exelon completed the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement amon g Exelon, Purple Acquisition Corp.,
a wholly owned subsidia ry of Exelon (Merger Sub) and Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI). As a result of that merger , Merger Sub was
merged into PHI (the PHI Merger) with PHI surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and Exelon Energy Delivery Company ,
LLC (EEDC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon which also owns Exelon's interests in ComEd,  PECO and BGE (through a special
purpose subsidiary in the case of BGE). See Note 5—Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the PHI Merger .
3. Debt and Credit Agreements
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corp orate meets  its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper . Exelon Corporate
had no commercial paper borrowings at both December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 .
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a $500 million  term loan agreement which expired on March 22, 2018.  The loan
agreement was renewed on March 22, 2018 and will expire on March 21, 2019. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made
thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 1% and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan
agreement is reflected in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet within Short-T erm borrowings.
Credit Agreements
On May 26, 2016, Exelon Corporate amended its syndicated revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600
million  through May 26, 2021. On May 26, 2018, Exelon Corporate had its maturity date extended to May 26, 2023. As of
December 31, 2018 , Exelo n Corporation had available capacity under those commitments of $591 million. See Note 13—Debt and
Credit Agree ments  of the Com bined Note s to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding Exelon
Corporation’ s credit agreement.
490
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
Long-T erm Debt
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt for Exelon Corporate as of December 31, 2018  and December 31, 2017 :
    
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates 2018 2017
Long-term debt       
Junior subordinated notes   3.50% 2022 $ 1,150 $ 1,150
Senior unsecured notes(a)2.45% 7.60% 2020 - 2046 5,889 5,889
Total long-term debt     7,039 7,039
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net     (7) (8)
Unamortized debt issuance costs     (47) (49)
Fair value adjustment of consolidated
subsidiary     162 179
Long-term debt     $ 7,147 $ 7,161
__________
(a)Senior unsecured notes include mirror debt that is held on both Generation and Exelon Corporation's balance sheets.
The debt maturities for Exelon Corporate for the periods 2019 , 2020 , 2021 , 2022 , 2023  and thereafter are as follows:
2019 $ —
2020 1,450
2021 300
2022 1,150
2023 —
Remaining years 4,139
Total long-term debt $ 7,039
4. Commitments and Contingencies
See Note 22—Commitments and Contingencies  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for Exelon
Corporate’ s commitments and contingencies related to environmental matters and fund transfer restrictions.
491
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
5. Related Party T ransactions
The financial statements of Exelon Corporate include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2018  2017  2016
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:    
BSC(a)$ 11 $ 23 $ 51
Other (2) 2 —
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates: $ 9 $ 25 $ 51
Interest income from af filiates, net:    
Generation $ 36 $ 37 $ 39
BSC 4 3 —
Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC(b)$ 2 $ — $ —
Total interest income from af filiates, net: $ 42 $ 40 $ 39
Equity in earnings (losses) of investments:    
Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC(b)$ 1,835  $ 1,670  $ 1,041
PCI (17) 1 6
BSC — 1 1
UII, LLC — 41 (9)
Exelon Transmission Company , LLC 1 (10) (13)
Exelon Enterprise — 1 (1)
Generation 369  2,710  483
Total equity in earnings of investments: $ 2,188  $ 4,414  $ 1,508
    
Cash contributions received from af filiates $ 2,302  $ 1,879  $ 1,912
492
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 December 31,
(in millions) 2018 2017
Accounts receivable from af filiates (current):  
BSC(a)$ 13 $ 1
Generation 17 21
ComEd 4 3
PECO 2 1
BGE 2 1
PHISCO 6 6
Total accounts receivable from af filiates (current): $ 44 $ 33
Notes receivable from af filiates (current):  
BSC(a)$ 116 $ 217
Generation(c) 100 —
Total notes receivable from af filiates (current): $ 216 $ 217
Investments in af filiates:  
BSC(a)$ 197 $ 196
Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC(b)26,702 25,082
PCI 61 78
UII, LLC 268 268
Exelon Transmission Company , LLC 1 1
Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust (1) (4)
Exelon Enterprises 22 22
Generation 13,204 13,674
Other (6) (6)
Total investments in af filiates: $ 40,448 $ 39,311
Notes receivable from af filiates (non-current):  
Generation(c)$ 898 $ 910
Accounts payable to af filiates (current):  
UII, LLC $ 360 $ 360
__________
(a) Exelon Corporate receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology and
supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead.
(b) Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC consists of ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL  and ACE.
(c) In conn ection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger , Exelon and subsidiaries of Generation (former
Constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of Exelon,
resulting in intercompany notes payable included in Long-T erm Debt to affiliates in Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets and intercompany notes
receivable at Exelon Corporate, which are eliminated in consolidation in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
493
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
 Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018    
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 322 $ 159 $ 35(c) $ 197(e) $ 319
Deferred tax valuation allowance 37 — 5 7 35
Reserve for obsolete materials 174 25 (31)(d) 12 156
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 334 $ 126 $ 27(c) $ 165(e) $ 322
Deferred tax valuation allowance 20 — 17 — 37
Reserve for obsolete materials 113 56 10 5 174
For the year ended December 31, 2016  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 284 $ 162 $ 99(b)(c) $ 211(e) $ 334
Deferred tax valuation allowance 13 — 10(b) 3 20
Reserve for obsolete materials 105 12 1(b) 5 113
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for uncollectible accounts related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $13 million, $15 million, and
$23 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(b)Primarily represents the addition of PHI's results as of March 23, 2016, the date of the merger
(c)Includes charges for late payments and non-service receivables.
(d)Primarily reflects the reclassification of assets as held for sale.
(e)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
494
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(2) Generation
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
495
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
 Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018      
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 114 $ 44 $ 4 $ 58 $ 104
Deferred tax valuation allowance 23 — 3 — 26
Reserve for obsolete materials 166 20 (32)(a) 9 145
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 91 $ 34 $ — $ 11 $ 114
Deferred tax valuation allowance 9 — 14 — 23
Reserve for obsolete materials 106 51 9 — 166
For the year ended December 31, 2016  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 77 $ 19 $ 3 $ 8 $ 91
Deferred tax valuation allowance 11 — — 2 9
Reserve for obsolete materials 102 6 — 2 106
__________
(a)Primarily reflects the reclassification of assets as held for sale.
496
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
(3) ComEd
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
497
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A  Column B Column C Column D  Column E
  Additions and adjustments   
Description  Balance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
  (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018     
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 73 $ 44 $ 23(a) $ 59(b) $ 81
Reserve for obsolete materials  5 3 1 3 6
For the year ended December 31, 2017   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 70 $ 39 $ 20(a) $ 56(b) $ 73
Reserve for obsolete materials  4 3 1 3 5
For the year ended December 31, 2016   
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 75 $ 45 $ 23(a) $ 73(b) $ 70
Reserve for obsolete materials  3 4 1 4 4
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments and non-service receivables.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
498
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
(4) PECO
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
499
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018         
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 56 $ 33 $ 3(b)  $ 31(c)  $ 61
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 61 $ 26 $ 4(b)  $ 35(c)  $ 56
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2
For the year ended December 31, 2016  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts(a)$ 83 $ 32 $ 7(b)  $ 61(c)  $ 61
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 1 — — 2
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for uncollectible accounts related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $13 million, $15 million, and
$23 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
(b)Primarily charges for late payments.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
500
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
(5) BGE
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017
and 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
501
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C  Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments    
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018         
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 24 $ 10 $ (2)$ 12(a) $ 20
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2017  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 32 $ 8$ (3)$ 13(a) $ 24
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1
Reserve for obsolete materials — — — — —
For the year ended December 31, 2016  
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 49 $ 1$ 9$ 27(a) $ 32
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1
Reserve for obsolete materials — — — — —
__________
(a)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
502
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(6) PHI
(i)  Successor Company Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2018
and 2017 and for the Period March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the Period March
24, 2016 to December 31, 2016
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the Period
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)  Predecessor Company Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 13, 2017 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(iii)  Successor Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts - For the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 and the Period
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016
(iv)  Predecessor Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts - For the Period January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
503
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A  Column B Column C  Column D Column E
    Additions and adjustments    
Description  Balance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts  Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
  (in millions)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
(Successor)          
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 55 $ 28 $ 7(a) $ 37(b) $ 53
Deferred tax valuation allowance  13 — 2 7 8
Reserve for obsolete materials  2 — — — 2
For the Year Ended December 31, 2017
(Successor)          
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 80 $ 19 $ 6(a) $ 50(b) $ 55
Deferred tax valuation allowance  10 — 3 — 13
Reserve for obsolete materials  2 2 — 2 2
March 24, 2016 to December 31, 2016
(Successor)          
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 52 $ 65 $ 5(a) $ 42(b) $ 80
Deferred tax valuation allowance  63 — (53) — 10
Reserve for obsolete materials  — 1 — (1) 2
January 1, 2016 to March 23, 2016
(Predecessor)          
Allowance for uncollectible accounts  $ 56 $ 16 $ 2(a) $ 22(b) $ 52
Deferred tax valuation allowance  63 — — — 63
Reserve for obsolete materials  — — — — —
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
504
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
(7) Pepco
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
505
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments   
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 21 $ 11 $ 3(a) $ 14(b) $ 21
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 29 $ 8 $ 2(a) $ 18(b) $ 21
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 1 — 1 1
For the year ended December 31, 2016       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 17 $ 29 $ 3(a) $ 20(b) $ 29
Reserve for obsolete materials — 3 — 2 1
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
506
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
(8) DPL
(i)  Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Financial Statements
(ii)  Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
507
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments   
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 16 $ 6 $ 2(a) $ 11(b) $ 13
Reserve for obsolete materials — — — — —
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 24 $ 3 $ 2(a) $ 13(b) $ 16
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — 1 —
For the year ended December 31, 2016       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 17 $ 23 $ 2(a) $ 18(b) $ 24
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — 1 —
__________
(a)Primarily charges for late payments.
(b)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.
508
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
(9) ACE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 8, 2019 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2018,
2017 and 2016
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
509
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
   Additions and adjustments   
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of Period Charged to
Costs and
Expenses  Charged
to Other
Accounts Deductions Balance at
End
of Period
 (in millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2018       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 18 $ 11 $ 2(a) $ 12(b) $ 19
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2017       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 27 $ 8 $ 2(a) $ 19(b) $ 18
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1
For the year ended December 31, 2016       
Allowance for uncollectible accounts $ 17 $ 32 $ 2(a) $ 24(b) $ 27
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — — 1
__________
(a) Primarily charges for late payments.
(b) Write-of f of individual accounts receivable.
510
Table of Contents
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:
Certain of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended . Certain other instruments which would otherwise be required to be listed below have not been so listed because such
instruments do not authorize securities in an amount which exceeds 10% of the total assets of the applicable registrant and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and the relevant registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission
upon request.
Exhibit No. Description   
2-1Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 28, 2011 by and among Exelon Corporation, Bolt Acquisition
Corporation and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 28, 2011, Exhibit No. 2-
1).
2-2Distribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation,
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and RF HoldCo LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 2-3).
2-3Contribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation, Exelon
Energy Delivery Company , LLC and RF HoldCo LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 2-4).
2-4Contribution Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation, Exelon V entures Company ,
LLC and Exelon Generation Company , LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit No. 2-5).
2-5Purchase Agreement dated as of August 8, 2012 by and between Constellation Power Source Generation, Inc. and
Raven Power Holdings, LLC. (File No. 333-85496, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, Exhibit 2-
1).
2-6Master Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2010, by and between Electricite de France, S.A. and Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 1, 2010, filed
by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
2-7Put Termination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2010, by and among EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), E.D.F . International S.A., Constellation Nuclear , LLC, and Constellation Energy Nuclear Group,
LLC. (Designated as Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2010, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
2-8Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2010, by and among Constellation Energy Group, Inc., Baltimore
Gas and Electric Company and RF HoldCo LLC. (Designated as Exhibit No. 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated February 4, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
2-9Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2010, by and between RF HoldCo LLC and GSS Holdings (Baltimore
Gas and Electric Company Utility), Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated
February 4, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
2-10-1Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of April 29, 2014, by and among Exelon Corporation, Pepco Holdings, Inc.
and Purple Acquisition Corp. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit 2.1).
2-10-2Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of July 18, 2014, among Pepco Holdings, Inc.,
Exelon Corporation and Purple Acquisition Corp. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated July 21, 2014, Exhibit 2.1).
    
511
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description   
2-10-3Subscription Agreement for Series A Non-V oting Non-Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of April 29, 2014, by and
between Pepco Holdings, Inc. and Exelon Corporation (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit
2.2).
2-10-4Letter Agreement, dated March 7, 2016, among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Exelon Corporation and Purple Acquisition
Corp. (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 7, 2016, Exhibit 2)
3-1Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Exelon Corporation, as amended July 24, 2018 (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated July 27, 2018, Exhibit 3.1).
3-2Exelon Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended on July 24, 2018 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K
dated July 27, 2018, Exhibit 3.2).
3-3Certificate of Formation of Exelon Generation Company , LLC (Registration Statement No. 333-85496, Form S-4,
Exhibit 3-1).
3-4First Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Exelon Generation Company , LLC executed as of January 1,
2001 (File No. 333-85496, 2003 Form 10-K, Exhibit 3-8).
3-5Restated Articles of Incorporation of Commonwealth Edison Company Ef fective February 20, 1985, including
Statements of Resolution Establishing Series, relating to the establishment of three new series of Commonwealth
Edison Company preference stock known as the “$9.00 Cumulative Preference Stock,” the “$6.875 Cumulative
Preference Stock” and the “$2.425 Cumulative Preference Stock” (File No. 1-1839, 1994 Form 10-K, Exhibit 3-2).
3-6Commonwealth Edison Company Amended and Restated By-Laws, Ef fective January 23, 2006 As Further Amended
January 28, 2008 and July 27, 2009. (File No. 001-1839, Form 8-K dated July 27, 2009, Exhibit 3.1).
3-7Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PECO Energy Company (File No. 1-01401, 2000 Form 10-K,
Exhibit 3-3).
3-8 PECO Energy Company Amended Bylaws (File 000-16844, Form 8-K dated May 6, 2009, Exhibit 99.1).
3-9Articles of Amendment to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company as of February 2, 2010. (Designated as
Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 4, 2010, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric
Company , File No. 1-1910).
3-10Articles of Restatement to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , restated as of August 16, 1996.
(Designated as Exhibit No. 3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1996, filed
by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
3-11Bylaws of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , as amended and restated as of May 10, 2012. (File No. 1-16169,
2013 Form 10-K, Exhibit 3-11).
3-12Operating Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2010, by and among RF HoldCo LLC, Constellation Energy Group,
Inc. and GSS Holdings (BGE Utility), Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated
February 4, 2010, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
3-13Certificate of Conversion of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 3.1)
3-14Certificate of Formation of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 3.2)
  
512
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
3-15Limited Liability Company Agreement of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K
dated March 24, 2016, Exhibit 3.3)
3-16Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in the
District of Columbia) (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.1)
3-17Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in
Virginia) (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2011, Exhibit 3.3)
3-18Delmarva Power & Light Company Articles of Restatement of Certificate and Articles of Incorporation (filed in
Delaware and V irginia 02/22/07) (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2007, Exhibit 3.3)
3-19Atlantic City Electric Company Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed in New Jersey on August 9, 2002) (File No.
001-03559, Amendment No. 1 to Form U5B dated February 13, 2003, Exhibit B.8.1)
3-20 Bylaws of Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.2)
3-21 Bylaws of Delmarva Power & Light Company (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.1)
3-22 Bylaws of Atlantic City Electric Company (File No. 001-03559, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.2)
4-1First and Refunding Mortgage dated May 1, 1923 between The Counties Gas and Electric Company (predecessor to
PECO Energy Company) and Fidelity Trust Company , Trustee (U.S. Bank National Association, as current successor
trustee), (Registration No. 2-2281, Exhibit B-1).(a)
4-1-2 Reserved.
4-1-3 Supplemental Indentures to PECO Energy Company’ s First and Refunding Mortgage:
 Dated as of   File Reference   Exhibit No.
 May 1, 1927   2-2881(a)  B-1(c)
 March 1, 1937   2-2881(a)  B-1(g)
 December 1, 1941   2-4863(a)  B-1(h)
 November 1, 1944   2-5472(a)  B-1(i)
 December 1, 1946   2-6821(a)  7-1(j)
 September 1, 1957   2-13562(a)  2(b)-17
 May 1, 1958   2-14020(a)  2(b)-18
 March 1, 1968   2-34051(a)  2(b)-24
 March 1, 1981   2-72802(a)  4-46
 March 1, 1981   2-72802(a)  4-47
 December 1, 1984   1-01401, 1984 Form 10-K(a)  4-2(b)
 March 1, 1993   1-01401, 1992 Form 10-K(a)  4(e)-86
   
513
Table of Contents
 Dated as of   File Reference   Exhibit No.
 May 1, 1993   1-01401, March 31, 1993 Form 10-Q(a)  4(e)-88
 May 1, 1993   1-01401, March 31, 1993 Form 10-Q(a)  4(e)-89
 April 15, 2004
  0-6844, September 30, 2004 Form 10-
Q(a)  4-1-1
 September 15, 2006
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 25, 2006   4.1
 March 1, 2007
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 19,
2007   4.1
 March 15, 2009
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 26,
2009   4.1
 September 1, 2012
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 17, 2012   4.1
 September 15, 2013
  000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2013   4.1
 September 1, 2014 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 15, 2014
 4.1
 September 15, 2015 000-16844, Form 8-K dated October
5, 2015
 4.1
 September 1, 2016 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 21, 2016  4.1
 September 1, 2017 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 18, 2017  4.1
 February 1, 2018 000-16844, Form 8-K dated February
23, 2018
 4.1
 September 1, 2018 000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 11, 2018  4.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-2 Exelon Corporation Direct Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-206474, Form S-3, Prospectus).
4-3Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company to Illinois Merchants Trust Company , Trustee (BNY  Mellon Trust
Company of Illinois, as current successor Trustee), dated July 1, 1923, as supplemented and amended by
Supplemental Indenture thereto dated August 1, 1944. (Registration No. 2-60201, Form S-7, Exhibit 2-1).(a)
4-3-1 Supplemental Indentures to Commonwealth Edison Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of   File Reference   Exhibit No.
 August 1, 1946   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 April 1, 1953   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 March 31, 1967   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
514
Table of Contents
 Dated as of   File Reference   Exhibit No.
 April 1, 1967   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 February 28, 1969   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 May 29, 1970   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 June 1, 1971   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 April 1, 1972   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 May 31, 1972   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 June 15, 1973   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 May 31, 1974   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 June 13, 1975   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 May 28, 1976   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 June 3, 1977   2-60201, Form S-7(a)  2-1
 May 17, 1978   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 August 31, 1978   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 June 18, 1979   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 June 20, 1980   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 April 16, 1981   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 April 30, 1982   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 April 15, 1983   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 April 13, 1984   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 April 15, 1985   2-99665, Form S-3(a)  4-3
 April 15, 1986   33-6879, Form S-3(a)  4-9
 January 13, 2003
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
13, 2003   4-4
 February 22, 2006
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 6,
2006   4.1
 August 1, 2006
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated
August 28, 2006   4.1
 September 15, 2006
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
2, 2006   4.1
 March 1, 2007
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 23,
2007   4.1
 August 30, 2007
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated
September 10, 2007   4.1
 December 20, 2007
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
16, 2008   4.1
 March 10, 2008
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 27,
2008   4.1
515
Table of Contents
 Dated as of   File Reference   Exhibit No.
 July 12, 2010
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 2,
2010   4.1
 August 22, 2011
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated
September 7, 2011   4.1
 September 17, 2012
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
1, 2012   4.1
 August 1, 2013
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
19, 2013   4.1
 January 2, 2014
  001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
10, 2014   4.1
 October 28, 2014 001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 10, 2014  4.1
 February 18, 2015 001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 2,
2015  4.1
 November 4, 2015 001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 19, 2015  4.1
 June 15, 2016 001-01839, Form 8-K dated June 27,
2016  4.1
 August 9, 2017 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
23, 2017  4.1
 February 6, 2018 001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
20, 2018  4.1
 July 26, 2018 001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
14, 2018  4.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-3-2Instrument of Registration, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of February 20, 2002, under the provisions of the
Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company dated July 1, 1923, and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding
corporate trustee (File No. 1-1839, 2001 Form 10-K, Exhibit 4-4-2).
4-3-3Instrument dated as of January 31, 1996, under the provisions of the Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company
dated July 1, 1923 and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding individual trustee (File No. 1-1839, 1995 Form
10-K, Exhibit 4-29).
4-4Indenture dated as of September 1, 1987 between Commonwealth Edison Company and Citibank, N.A. (U.S. Bank
National Association, as current successor trustee), Trustee relating to Notes (Registration No. 33-20619, Form S-3,
Exhibit 4-13).(a)
4-5Indenture dated December 19, 2003 between Exelon Generation Company , LLC and U.S. Bank National
Association (File No. 333-85496, 2003 Form 10-K, Exhibit 4-6).
4-6Indenture to Subordinated Debt Securities dated as of June 24, 2003 between PECO Energy Company , as Issuer ,
and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (File No. 000-16844, June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4.1).
4-7Form of 4.25% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC. (File 333-85496, Form 8-K
dated June 18, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-8Form of 5.60% Senior Note due 2042 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC. (File 333-85496, Form 8-K
dated June 18, 2012, Exhibit 4.2).
516
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-9Form of 2.80% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File 1-1910, Form 8-K dated
August 17, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-10Form of 3.35% Senior Note due 2023 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File 1-1910, Form 8-K dated June 17,
2013, Exhibit 4.1).
4-11Form of 6.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2033 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC (File No. 333-85496,
Form 8-K dated September 30, 2013, Exhibit No. 4.1).
4-12Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement between PECO Energy Company , as Guarantor , and U.S. Bank
National Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844, June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q, Exhibit
4.2).
4-13PECO Energy Capital Trust IV Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust among PECO Energy Company , as
Sponsor , U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Delaware Trustee and Property Trustee, and J. Barry Mitchell,
George R. Shicora and Charles S. W alls as Administrative Trustees dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844,
June 30, 2003 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4.3).
4-14Indenture dated May 1, 2001 between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company ,
National Association, as trustee (File No. 1-16169, June 30, 2005 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4-10).
4-15Form of $500,000,000 5.625% senior notes due 2035 dated June 9, 2005 issued by Exelon Corporation (File No. 1-
16169, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2005, Exhibit 99.3).
4-16Indenture dated as of September 28, 2007 from Exelon Generation Company , LLC to U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (File 333-85496, Form 8-K dated September 28, 2007, Exhibit 4.1).
4-17Form of 5.20% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2019 (File 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2009, Exhibit 4.1).
4-18Form of 6.25% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2039 (File 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2009, Exhibit 4.2).
4-19Form of 4.00% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 30, 2010, Exhibit 4.1).
4-20Form of 5.75% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2041 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 30, 2010, Exhibit 4.2).
4-21Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and the Bank of New York, Trustee dated as of March 24,
1999. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated March 29, 1999, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-75217.)
4-22First Supplemental Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and the Bank of New York, Trustee dated
as of January 24, 2003. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated January
24, 2003, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-102723).
4-23Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed July 24, 2006,
filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-135991).
4-24First Supplemental Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee, dated as of June 27, 2008. (Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated June 30, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
517
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-25Indenture dated June 19, 2008 between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
4-26Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2013, among Continental Wind, LLC, the guarantors party thereto and
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated September 30, 2013,
Exhibit No. 4.1).
4-27Indenture dated July 1, 1985, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and The Bank of New York (Successor
to Mercantile-Safe Deposit and Trust Company), Trustee. (Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Registration Statement
on Form S-3, File No. 2-98443); as supplemented by Supplemental Indentures dated as of October 1, 1987
(Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 13, 1987, File No. 1-1910) and as
of January 26, 1993 (Designated as Exhibit 4(b) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993, filed
by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).(a)
4-28Indenture and Security Agreement dated as of July 9, 2009, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(u) to Post-Ef fective Amendment
No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated July 9, 2009, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File
Nos. 333-157637 and 333-157637-01).
4-29Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as trustee. (Designated as Exhibit 4(b) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed July 24,
2006, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 333-135991).
4-30Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of October 1, 2009, to the Indenture and Security Agreement dated as of
July 9, 2009, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as
trustee. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2009, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
4-31Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Deed of Easement and Right-of-W ay Grant dated as of July 9, 2009
(Designated as Exhibit No. 4(u)(2) to Post-Ef fective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3
dated July 9, 2009, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 333-157637 and 333-157637-01).
4-32Indenture dated as of June 29, 2007, by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary . (Designated as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated July 5, 2007, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
4-33Series Supplement to Indenture dated as of June 29, 2007 by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File
No. 1-1910).
4-34Replacement Capital Covenant dated June 27, 2008. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Current Report on
Form 8-K dated June 30, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
4-35Amendment to Replacement Capital Covenant, dated as of March 12, 2012, amending the Replacement Capital
Covenant, dated as of June 27, 2008 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit No. 99.4).
518
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-36Officers’  Certificate, dated December 14, 2010, establishing the 5.15% Notes due December 1, 2020 of
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., with the form of Notes attached thereto. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4 (b) to the
Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-
12869).
4-37Officers’  Certificate, November 16, 2011, establishing the 3.50% Notes due November 15, 2021 of Baltimore Gas
and Electric Company , with the form of Notes attached thereto. (Designated as Exhibit No. 4(b) to the Current
Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2011, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
4-38Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.1).
4-38-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2).
4-38-2 Form of 2.50% Notes due 2024 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2, Exhibit A).
4-38-3Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Purchase Contract Agent, Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary . (File
No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4).
4-38-4 Form of Remarketing Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit P).
4-38-5 Form of Corporate Unit (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit A).
4-38-6 Form of Treasury Unit (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit B).
4-39Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , National Association, as trustee (inco rporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Exelon Corporation’ s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 11, 2015).
4-39-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June  11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Exelon
Corporation’ s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 11, 2015).
4-39-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 2, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon  Trust Company , National Associati on, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
Exelon Corporation’ s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 2, 2015).
4-39-3Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2015, among Exelon Corporation, Barclays Capital Inc.
and Goldman, Sachs & Co. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Exelon Corporation’ s Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed on December 2, 2015).
4-40Form of Conversion Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 4.1)
4-41Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2016, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 7, 2016, Exhibit 4.2)
519
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-42Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated July 1, 1936, of Potomac Electric Power Company to The Bank of New York
Mellon as successor trustee, securing First Mortgage Bonds of Potomac Electric Power Company , and
Supplemental Indenture dated July 1, 1936 (File No. 2-2232, Registration Statement dated June 19, 1936, Exhibit
B-4)(a)
4-42-1 Supplemental Indentures to Potomac Electric Power Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
 December 10, 1939 Form 8-K, 1/3/40(a)B
 July 15, 1942   2-5032, Amendment No 2. To
Registration Statement, 8/24/42(a)B-1
 October 15, 1947   Form 8-K , 12/8/47(a)A
 December 31, 1948   Form 10-K, 4/13/49(a)A-2
 December 31, 1949   Form 8-K, 2/8/50(a)(a)-1
 February 15, 1951   Form 8-K, 3/9/51(a)(a)
 February 16, 1953   Form 8-K, 3/5/53(a)(a)-1
 March 15, 1954 and March 15, 1955   2-11627, Registration Statement,
5/2/55(a)4-B
 March 15, 1956   Form 10-K, 4/4/56(a)C
 April 1, 1957   2-13884, Registration Statement,
2/5/58(a)4-B
 May 1, 1958   2-14518, Registration Statement,
11/10/58(a)2-B
 May 1, 1959   2-15027, Amendment No. 1 to
Registration Statement, 5/13/59(a)4-B
 May 2, 1960   2-17286, Registration Statement,
11/9/60(a)2-B
 April 3, 1961 Form 10-K, 4/24/61(a)A-1
 May 1, 1962 2-21037, Registration Statement,
1/25/63(a)2-B
 May 1, 1963 2-21961, Registration Statement,
12/19/63(a)4-B
 April 23, 1964 2-22344, Registration Statement,
4/24/64(a)2-B
 May 3, 1965 2-24655, Registration Statement,
3/16/66(a)2-B
 June 1, 1966 Form 10-K, 4/11/67(a)1
 April 28, 1967 2-26356, Post-Ef fective Amendment
No. 1 to Registration Statement,
5/3/67(a)2-B
520
Table of Contents
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 July 3, 1967
 2-28080, Registration Statement,
1/25/68(a)2-B
 May 1, 1968
 2-31896, Registration Statement,
2/28/69(a)2-B
 June 16, 1969
 2-36094, Registration Statement,
1/27/70(a)2-B
 May 15, 1970
 2-38038, Registration Statement,
7/27/70(a)2-B
 September 1, 1971
 2-45591, Registration Statement,
9/1/72(a)2-C
 June 17, 1981
 Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-A,
6/18/81(a)2
 November 1, 1985  Form 8-A, 11/1/85(a)2B
 September 16, 1987
 33-18229, Registration Statement,
10/30/87(a)4-B
 May 1, 1989
 33-29382, Registration Statement,
6/16/89(a)4-C
 May 21, 1991  Form 10-K, 3/27/92(a)4
 May 7, 1992  Form 10-K, 3/26/93(a)4
 September 1, 1992  Form 10-K, 3/26/93(a)4
 November 1, 1992  Form 10-K, 3/26/93(a)4
 July 1, 1993
 33-49973, Registration Statement,
8/11/93(a)4.4
 February 10, 1994  001-01072, Form 10-K, 3/25/94 4
 February 11, 1994  001-01072, Form 10-K, 3/25/94 4
 October 2, 1997  001-01072, Form 10-K, 3/27/98 4
 November 17, 2003  001-01072, Form 10-K, 3/12/04 4.1
 March 16, 2004  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/23/04 4.3
 May 24, 2005  001-01072, Form 8-K, 5/26/05 4.2
 April 1, 2006  001-01072, Form 8-K, 4/17/06 4
 November 13, 2007  001-01072, Form 8-K, 11/15/07 4.2
 March 24, 2008  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/28/08 4.1
521
Table of Contents
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 December 3, 2008  001-01072, Form 8-K, 12/8/08 4.2
 March 28, 2012  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/29/12 4.2
 March 11, 2013  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/12/13 4.2
 November 14, 2013  001-01072, Form 8-K, 11/15/13 4.2
 March 11, 2014  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/12/14 4.2
 March 9, 2015  001-01072, Form 8-K, 3/10/15 4.3
 May 15, 2017  001-01072, Form 8-K, 5/22/17 4.2
 June 1, 2018
 001-01072, Form 8-K, 6/21/2018 4.2
Exhibit No. Description
4-43Indenture, dated as of July 28, 1989, between Potomac Electric Power Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon, Trustee, with respect to Medium-T erm Note Program (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 1990,
Exhibit 4)(a)
4-44Senior Note Indenture, dated November 17, 2003 between Potomac Electric Power Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated November 21, 2003, Exhibit 4.2)
4-44-1Supplemental Indenture, dated March 3, 2008, to Senior Note Indenture between Potomac Electric Power
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-K dated March 2, 2009, Exhibit 4.3)
4-45Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Delaware Power & Light Company to The Bank of New York Mellon (ultimate
successor to the New York Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of October 1, 1943, and copies of the First through
Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures thereto (File No. 33-1763, Registration Statement dated November 27, 1985,
Exhibit 4-A)(a)
4-45-1 Supplemental Indentures to Delmarva Power & Light Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 January 1, 1986
 33-39756, Registration Statement,
4/03/91(a)4-B
 June 1, 1986
 33-24955, Registration Statement,
10/13/88(a)4-B
 January 1, 1987
 33-24955, Registration Statement,
10/13/88(a)4-B
 September 1, 1987
 33-24955, Registration Statement,
10/13/88(a)4-B
 October 1, 1987
 33-24955, Registration Statement,
10/13/88(a)4-B
 January 1, 1988
 33-24955, Registration Statement,
10/13/88(a)4-B
522
Table of Contents
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 December 1, 1988
 33-39756, Registration Statement,
4/03/91(a)4-D
 January 1, 1989
 33-39756, Registration Statement,
4/03/91(a)4-E
 March 1, 1990
 33-39756, Registration Statement,
4/03/91(a)4-F
 January 1, 1991
 33-46892, Registration Statement,
4/1/92(a)4-E
 July 1, 1991
 33-46892, Registration Statement,
4/1/92(a)4-F
 February 1, 1992
 33-49750, Registration Statement,
7/17/92(a)4
 May 1, 1992
 33-57652, Registration Statement,
1/29/93(a)4-G
 October 1, 1992
 33-63582, Registration Statement,
5/28/93(a)4-H
 January 1, 1993
 33-50453, Registration Statement,
10/1/93(a)99
 June 1, 1993
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-J
 July 1, 1993
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-K
 October 1, 1993
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-L
 January 1, 1994
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-M
 October 1, 1994
 33-53855, Registration Statement,
1/30/95(a)4-N
 January 1, 1995
 333-00505, Registration Statement,
1/29/96(a)4-K
 June 1, 1995
 333-00505, Registration Statement,
1/29/96(a)4-L
 January 1, 1996
 333-24059, Registration
Statement, 3/27/97(a)4-L
 January 1, 1997  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 1998  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 1999  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2000
 333-145691-02, Post Ef fective
Amendment No. 1 to Registration
Statement, 11/18/084.24(k)
523
Table of Contents
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 January 1, 2001  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2002  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2003  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2004  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2005  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2006  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2007  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2008  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 January 1, 2009  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/24/12 4.4
 September 22, 2009  001-01405, Form 8-K, 10/1/09 4.4
 January 1, 2010  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/25/11 4.4
 January 1, 2011  001-01405, Form 10-Q, 8/3/11 4.2
 May 2, 2011  001-01405, Form 8-K, 6/3/11 4.2
 January 1, 2012  001-01405, Form 10-Q, 8/7/12 4.3
 June 19, 2012  001-01405, Form 8-K, 6/20/12 4.2
 January 1, 2013  001-01405, Form 10-Q, 8/7/13 4.1
 November 7, 2013  001-01405, Form 8-K, 11/8/13 4.2
 January 1, 2014  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/27/15 4.4
 June 2, 2014  001-01405, Form 8-K, 6/3/14 4.3
 January 1, 2015  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/19/16 4.4
 May 4, 2015  001-01405, Form 8-K, 5/5/15 4.2
 January 1, 2016  001-01405, Form 10-K, 2/13/17 4.45.1
 December 5, 2016  001-01405, Form 8-K, 12/12/16 4.2
    
524
Table of Contents
 Dated as of  File Reference Exhibit No.
 April 5, 2017  001-01405, Form 10-Q, 5/3/17 4.5
 April 3, 2018  000-01405, Form 10-Q, 5/2/18 4.3
 June 1, 2018  000-01405, Form 8-K, 6/21/18 4.2
Exhibit No. Description
4-46Indenture between Delmarva Power & Light Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company , N.A.
(ultimate successor to Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of November 1, 1988 (File No.
33-46892, Registration Statement dated April 1, 1992, Exhibit 4-G)(a)
4-47Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated January 15, 1937, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon (formerly Irving Trust Company), as trustee (File No. 2-66280, Registration Statement dated December
21, 1979, Exhibit 2(a))(a)
4-47-1 Supplemental Indentures to Atlantic City Electric Company Mortgage.
 Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
 June 1, 1949
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 July 1, 1950
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 November 1, 1950
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 March 1, 1952
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 January 1, 1953
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 March 1, 1954
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 March 1, 1955
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 January 1, 1957
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 April 1, 1958
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 April 1, 1959
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 March 1, 1961
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 July 1, 1962
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 March 1, 1963
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
   
525
Table of Contents
 Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
 February 1, 1966
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 April 1, 1970
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 September 1, 1970
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 May 1, 1971
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 April 1, 1972
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 June 1, 1973
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 January 1, 1975
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 May 1, 1975
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 December 1, 1976
 2-66280, Registration Statement,
12/21/79(a)2(b)
 January 1, 1980  Form 10-K, 3/25/81(a)4(e)
 May 1, 1981  Form 10-Q, 8/10/81(a)4(a)
 November 1, 1983  Form 10-K, 3/30/84(a)4(d)
 April 15, 1984  Form 10-Q, 5/14/84(a)4(a)
 July 15, 1984  Form 10-Q, 8/13/84(a)4(a)
 October 1, 1985  Form 10-Q, 11/12/85(a)4
 May 1, 1986  Form 10-Q, 5/12/86(a)4
 July 15, 1987  Form 10-K, 3/28/88(a)4(d)
 October 1, 1989
 Form 10-Q for quarter ended
9/30/89(A)4(a)
 March 1, 1991  Form 10-K, 3/28/91(a)4(d)(1)
 May 1, 1992
 33-49279, Registration Statement,
1/6/93(a)4(b)
 January 1, 1993
 333-108861, Registration
Statement, 9/17/034.05(hh)
 August 1, 1993  Form 10-Q, 11/12/93(a)4(a)
 September 1, 1993  Form 10-Q, 11/12/93(a)4(b)
 November 1, 1993  Form 10-K, 3/29/94(a)4(c)(1)
 June 1, 1994  Form 10-Q, 8/14/94(a)4(a)
 October 1, 1994  Form 10-Q, 11/14/94(a)4(a)
526
Table of Contents
 Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
 November 1, 1994  Form 10-K, 3/21/95(a)4(c)(1)
 March 1, 1997  001-03559, Form 8-K, 3/24/97 4(b)
 April 1, 2004  001-03559, Form 8-K, 4/6/04 4.3
 August 10, 2004  001-03559, Form 10-Q, 11/9/04 4
 March 8, 2006  001-03559, Form 8-K, 3/17/06 4
 November 6, 2008  001-03559, Form 8-K, 11/10/08 4.2
 March 29, 2011  001-03559, Form 8-K, 4/1/11 4.2
 August 18, 2014  001-03559, Form 8-K, 8/19/14 4.2
 December 1, 2015  001-03559, Form 8-K, 12/2/15 4.2
 October 9, 2018  001-03559, Form 8-K, 10/16/18 4.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-48Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1997, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated March 24, 1997, Exhibit 4.2)
4-49Senior Note Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2004, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon, as trustee (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 6, 2004, Exhibit 4.2)
4-50Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2002 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC and The Bank of
New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 4.1)
4-512002-1 Series Supplement, dated as of December 19, 2002 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 4.2)
4-522003-1 Series Supplement, dated as of December 23, 2003 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2003, Exhibit 4.2)
4-53Indenture, dated September 6, 2002, between Pepco Holdings, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee
(File No. 333-100478, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated October 10, 2002, Exhibit 4.03)
4-54 Corporate Commercial Paper Master Note (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-K dated February 24, 2012, Exhibit 4.13)
4-55Pepco Holdings, Inc. Certificate of Series A Non-V oting Non-Convertible Preferred Stock (File No. 001-31403, Form
8-k dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit 3.1)
4-56 Form of 2.400% notes due 2026 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.1)
4-57 Form of 3.500% notes due 2046 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.2)
527
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-58Form of Exelon Generation Company , LLC 2.950% senior notes due 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
March 10, 2017, Exhibit 4.1)
4-59Form of Exelon Generation Company , LLC 3.400% notes due 2022 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated March 10,
2017, Exhibit 4.2)
4-60Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 3, 2017, between Exelon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as trustee, to that certain Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated June 17,
2014 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.3)
4-61Form of Exelon Corporation 3.497% junior subordinated notes due 2022 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated
April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.4)
4-62Form of First Mortgage Bond, 4.15% Series due March 15, 2043 (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 22,
2017, Exhibit 4.2)
4-63 BGE Form of 3.750% notes due 2047 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 24, 2017, Exhibit 4.1)
10-1Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2014, among ExGen Renewables I Holding, LLC and Barclays
Bank PLC (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated February 12, 2014, Exhibit 10.1).
10-1-1Credit Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2014, among ExGen Texas Power , LLC, ExGen Texas Power
Holdings, LLC, W olf Hollow I Power , LLC, Colorado Bend I Power , LLC, Laporte Power , LLC, Handley Power , LLC
and Mountain Creek Power , LLC, the lenders party thereto from time to time, Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent and collateral agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depositary agent. (File No.
1-16169, Form 8-K dated September 18, 2014, Exhibit 10.1).
10-2Exelon Corporation Non-Employee Directors’  Deferred Stock Unit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective
January 1, 2011). * (File No. 001-16169, 2010 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.1).
10-3Form of Exelon Corporation Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended and restated
Effective March 12, 2012). * (File No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-3)
10-4 Reserved.
10-5Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Plan* (File No. 1-
16169, 2001 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-6-1).
10-6Forms of Transferable Stock Option Award Agreement under the Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Plan*
(File No. 1-16169, 2001 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-6-2).
10-7Forms of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Plan* (File No. 1-
16169, 2001 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-6-3).
10-8Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended *(File Nos. 1-11375 and 1-1839, 1995 Form
10-K, Exhibit 10-12).
10-9Amendment Number One to the Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended January 1,
2008 * (File No. 001-16169, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.16).
10-10Unicom Corporation Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended *(Registration Statement No. 333-49780, Form S-8,
Exhibit 4-12).
528
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-11Commonwealth Edison Company Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended *(Registration Statement No. 333-
49780, Form S-8, Exhibit 4-13).
10-12Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1,
2009) * (File No. 001-16169, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.19).
10-13PECO Energy Company Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2009)
(File No. 000-16844, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.20).
10-14Exelon Corporation Annual Incentive Plan for Senior Executives (As Amended Ef fective January 1, 2014 * (File No.
1-16169, Exelon Proxy Statement dated April 1, 2014, Appendix A).
10-15Form of change in control employment agreement for senior executives ef fective January 1, 2009 * (File No. 001-
16169. 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.23).
10-16Form of change in control employment agreement (amended and restated as of January 1, 2009) * (File No. 001-
16169, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.24).
10-17Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated ef fective July 1, 2013. (File No. 1-
16169, Schedule 14A  dated March 14, 2013 Appendix A).
10-18Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-122704, Form S-4, Joint Proxy
Statement-Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) filed June 3, 2005, Annex H).
10-19Form of Stock Option Grant Instrument under the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (File No. 1-
16169, Form 8-K filed January 27, 2006, Exhibit 99.2).
10-20Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Unincorporated Subsidiaries (Registration Statement No.
333-122704, Form S-4, Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) filed June 3, 2005, Annex I).
10-21Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective April 1, 2013).* (File
No. 001-16169, 2013 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.21).
10-21-1Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective November 1, 2015) *
(File No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-21-1)
10-22Form of Separation Agreement under Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and
Restated Ef fective November 1, 2015).
10-23Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2010, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC and UBS AG,
Stamford Branch (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated February 22, 2011, Exhibit No. 10-1).
10-24Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan dated as of January 1, 2003 * (File No. 1-16169, 2006 Form 10-
K, Exhibit 10-52).
10-25First Amendment to Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan, Ef fective January 1, 2006 * (File No. 1-
16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-53).
10-26Amendment Number One to the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, Ef fective December 4, 2006
(File No. 1-16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-54).
10-27Amendment Number Two to the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated
Effective January 28, 2002), Ef fective December 4, 2006 (File No. 1-16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-55).
529
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-28Exelon Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2005) (File No.
1-16169, 2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-56).
10-29Exelon Corporation Stock Deferral Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2005) (File No. 1-16169,
2006 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-57).
10-30Commonwealth Edison Company Long-T erm Incentive Plan, Ef fective January 1, 2007 (File No. 1-16169, March 31,
2007 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10-1).
10-31Amendment Number One to the Exelon Corporation Stock Deferral Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective
January 1, 2005) (File No. 1-16169, June 30, 2007 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10-3).
10-32 Restricted stock unit award agreement (File 1-16169, Form 8-K dated August 31, 2007, Exhibit 99.1).
10-33 Reserved.
10-34Form of Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended ef fective December 18, 2014. * (File
No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-34)
10-34-1Form of Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2014. * (File
No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-34-1)
10-34-2Form of Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2015. * (File
No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-34-2)
10-34-3Amendment Number Two to the Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated
Effective January 21, 2014), Ef fective October 26, 2015. * (File No. 1-16169, 2015 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10-34-3)
10-35Form of Change in Control Employment Agreement Ef fective February 10, 2011. * (File 1-16169, 2010 Form 10-K,
Exhibit 10-44).
10-36Credit Agreement for $500,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Corporation and V arious Financial
Institutions (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit No. 99.1).
10-37Credit Agreement for $5,300,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Generation Company , LLC and
Various Financial Institutions (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit No. 99.2).
10-38Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between PECO Energy Company and V arious
Financial Institutions (File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit No. 99.3).
10-39Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2012 among Commonwealth Edison Company , Various Financial
Institutions, as Lenders, and JP  Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K
dated March 28, 2012, Exhibit No. 99-1).
10-40Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 23, 2011 among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated August 10, 2013, Exhibit No. 99-1).
10-41Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2012 among Commonwealth Edison Company , as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-1839, Form 8-K dated August 10, 2013, Exhibit No. 99-2).
530
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-42Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2011, to the Credit Agreement dated as of March
23, 2011, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit No. 4-6).
10-43Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated. *
(Designated as Exhibit No. 10(b) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-44Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and
restated. * (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(c) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2008, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-45Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits Restoration Plan, amended and restated ef fective June 1, 2010. *
(Designated as Exhibit No. 10(b) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-46Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated as Exhibit
No. 10(e) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-47Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior Executive Supplemental Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated as
Exhibit No. 10(f) to the Constellation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
531
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-48Executive Annual Incentive Plan of Constellation Energy Group, Inc., as amended and restated. * (Designated as
Exhibit No. 10(d) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-49Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Executive Supplemental Benefits Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated
as Exhibit No. 10(a) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, filed
by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-50Constellation Energy Group, Inc. 1995 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated as
Exhibit No. 10(b) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004,
filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-51Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Executive Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated as
Exhibit 10(b) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, filed by
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-52Constellation Energy Group, Inc. 2002 Senior Management Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. *
(Designated as Exhibit 10(a) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2011, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-53Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Management Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. * (Designated
as Exhibit 10(d) to the Constellation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006,
filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-54Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Long-T erm Incentive Plan. * (Designated as Exhibit
No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 4, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File
No. 1-12869).
10-55Form of Grant Agreement for Stock Units with Sales Restriction. * (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(x) to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-
12869 and 1-1910).
10-56Rate Stabilization Property Servicing Agreement dated as of June 29, 2007 by and between RSB BondCo LLC and
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , as servicer (Designated as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
dated July 5, 2007, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
10-57Administration Agreement dated as of June 29, 2007 by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company , as administrator (Designated as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 5,
2007, filed by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
10-58Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2009, by and among Constellation
Energy Nuclear Group, LLC, Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Development Inc., and for certain
limited purposes, E.D.F . International S.A. and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10.1 to
the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2009, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-
12869).
10-59Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(s) to the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-
1910).
532
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-60Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10(t) to the Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-61Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-
K dated November 3, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-12869).
10-62Termination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2010, by and among EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), E.D.F . International S.A., and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (Designated as Exhibit No. 10.2
to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2010, filed by Constellation Energy Group, Inc., File No. 1-
12869).
10-63Settlement Agreement between EDF Inc., Exelon Corporation, Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC,
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company dated January 16, 2012. (Designated as
Exhibit No. 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 19, 2012, File Nos. 1-12869 and 1-1910).
10-64 - 10-70 Reserved.
10-71Commitment Letter for $7.221 Billion Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility , dated April 29, 2014 (File No. 001-16169,
Form 8-K dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit No. 10.1).
10-71-1364-Day Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2014, among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (File No.
001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit No. 10.1).
10-71-2Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated May 30, 2014, among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the financial
institutions signatory therein, as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated June 4, 2014, Exhibit 10.2).
10-71-3Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated May 30, 2014, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, as
Borrower , the financial institutions signatory therein, as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 4, 2014, Exhibit 10.3).
10-71-4Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated May 30, 2014, among PECO Energy Company , as Borrower , the
financial institutions signatory therein, as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. (File
No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 4, 2014, Exhibit 10.4).
10-71-5Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2014, among Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , as
Borrower , the financial institutions signatory therein, as Lenders and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as
Administrative Agent. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 4, 2014, Exhibit 10.5).
10-72-1Confirmation of Base Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 11, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and Barclays
Capital, Inc., acting as Agent for Barclays Bank PLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit
10.1).
533
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-72-2Confirmation of Base Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 11, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and Goldman
Sachs & Co. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 10.2).
10-72-3Confirmation of Additional Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 13, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and
Barclays Capital, Inc., acting as Agent for Barclays Bank PLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014,
Exhibit 10.3).
10-72-4Confirmation of Additional Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 13, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and
Goldman Sachs & Co. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 10.4).
10-73Bondable Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2002, between ACE Funding and ACE
(File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 10.1)
10-74Bondable Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2002, between ACE Funding and
ACE (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 10.2)
10-75Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2010, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Conectiv , LLC, Conectiv
Energy Holding Company , LLC and New Development Holdings, LLC (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated July 8,
2010, Exhibit 2.1)
10-76Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2015, among Potomac Electric Power Company and BNY  Mellon Capital
Markets, LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and RBS Securities Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters
named therein (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 10, 2015, Exhibit 1.1)
10-77Purchase Agreement, May 4, 2015, among Delmarva Power & Light Company and J.P . Morgan Securities LLC,
Merrill L ynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., as representatives of the several
underwriters named therein (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated May 5, 2015, Exhibit 1.1)
10-78Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2015, among Atlantic City Electric Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, Exhibit 1.1)
10-79$300,000,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the
lenders party thereto, dated July 30, 2015 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated July 30, 2015, Exhibit 10)
10-80First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova
Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated October 29,
2015, Exhibit 10.2)
10-81$500,000,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the
lenders party thereto, dated January 13, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated January 14, 2016, Exhibit 10)
10-82Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc.,
Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the
lenders party thereto, W ells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent, issuer and swingline lender , Bank of
America, N.A., as syndication agent and issuer , The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Citicorp USA, Inc., as co-
documentation agents, W ells Fargo Securities, LLC and Merrill L ynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated, as
active joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and RBS Securities, Inc. as
passive joint lead arrangers and joint book runners (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2011, Exhibit
10.1)
10-82-1First Amendment, dated as of August 2, 2012, to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
August 1, 2011, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light
Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the various financial institutions party thereto, W ells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as agent, issuer of letters of credit and swingline lender , Bank of America, N.A., as syndication
agent and issuer of letters of credit, and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Citibank, N.A., as co-documentation
agents (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2013, Exhibit 10.25.1)
534
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-82-2Amendment and Consent to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014, by and
among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic
City Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 20, 2014, Exhibit 10.1)
10-82-3Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2015, by and among
Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City
Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and W ells
Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 1, 2015, Exhibit 10.1)
10-82-4Consent, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company ,
Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to
time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and W ells Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-
K dated October 29, 2015, Exhibit 10.1)
10-83Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated as of June 7, 2000, by and
between Pepco and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 13, 2000, Exhibit 10)
10-83-1Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated
September 18, 2000, by and between Potomac Electric Power Company and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-
01072, Form 8-K dated December 19, 2000, Exhibit 10.1)
10-83-2Amendment No. 2 to the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated
December 19, 2000, by and between Potomac Electric Power Company and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-
01072, Form 8-K dated December 19, 2000, Exhibit 10.2)
10-84First Amendment to Loan Agreement, by and between Pepco Holdings LLC and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
administrative agent and lender , dated March 28, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 28, 2016,
Exhibit 10)
10-85Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.1)
10-86Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.2)
10-87Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Commonwealth Edison Company , as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.3)
10-88Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among PECO Energy Company , as Borrower ,
the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent (File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.4)
10-89Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Baltimore Gas and Electric Company ,
as Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.5)
10-90Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, among Pepco
Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric
Company , as Borrowers, the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and W ells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as Administrative Agent (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.6)
10-912016 Form of Exelon Corporation Change in Control Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 26,
2016, Exhibit 10.1)
535
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-92Execution V ersion-ZEC Standard Contract by and between the NYSERDA  and Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC
dated Nov . 18, 2016 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated November 18, 2016, Exhibit 10.1)
10-93Execution V ersion-ZEC Standard Contract by and between the NYSERDA  and R. E. Ginna Nuclear Power Plant,
LLC dated Nov . 18, 2016 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated November 18, 2016, Exhibit 10.2)
10-94Credit Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2017, as thereafter amended and conformed among ExGen
Renewables IV , LLC, ExGen Renewables IV Holding, LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative
agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depository bank and collateral agent, and the lenders and other
agents party thereto. (Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted by redacting a portion of text, as indicated
by asterisks in the text. This exhibit has been filed separately with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.)
10-95Form of Separation Agreement under Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and
Restated Ef fective November 1, 2015) (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated May 3, 2018, Exhibit 10.1)
10-96Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2018 among Delmarva Power & Light Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018, Exhibit 1.1)
10-97Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2018, among Potomac Electric Power Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018, Exhibit 1.1)
10-98Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Denis P . O’Brien (File No. 001-16169, Form
10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.3)
10-99Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Jonathan W . Thayer (File No. 001-16169,
Form 10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.4)
14Exelon Code of Conduct, as amended March 12, 2012 (File No. 1-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 14-1).
 Subsidiaries
21-1 Exelon Corporation
21-2 Exelon Generation Company , LLC
21-3 Commonwealth Edison Company
21-4 PECO Energy Company
21-5 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
21-6 Pepco Holdings LLC
21-7 Potomac Electric Power Company
21-8 Delmarva Power & Light Company
21-9 Atlantic City Electric Company
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accountants
23-1 Exelon Corporation
23-2 Exelon Generation Company , LLC
23-3 Commonwealth Edison Company
23-4 PECO Energy Company
23-5 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
536
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
23-6 Potomac Electric Power Company
23-7 Delmarva Power & Light Company
23-8 Atlantic City Electric Company
 Power of Attorney (Exelon Corporation)
24-1 Anthony K. Anderson
24-2 Ann C. Berzin
24-3 Laurie Brlas
24-4 Christopher M. Crane
24-5 Yves C. de Balmann
24-6 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-7 Linda P . Jojo
24-8 Paul Joskow
24-9 Robert J. Lawless
24-10 Richard W . Mies
24-11 John W . Rogers, Jr .
24-12 Mayo A. Shattuck III
24-13 Stephen D. Steinour
24-14 John F . Young
 Power of Attorney (Commonwealth Edison Company)
24-15 James W . Compton
24-16 Christopher M. Crane
24-17 A. Steven Crown
24-18 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-19 Joseph Dominguez
24-20 Peter V . Fazio, Jr .
24-21 Michael H. Moskow
24-22 Anne R. Pramaggiore
24-23 Reserved.
24-24 Reserved.
 Power of Attorney (PECO Energy Company)
24-25 Christopher M. Crane
24-26 M. W alter D’Alessio
24-27 Nicholas DeBenedictis
537
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-28 Nelson A. Diaz
24-29 John S. Grady
24-30 Rosemarie B. Greco
24-31 Michael A. Innocenzo
24-32 Charisse R. Lillie
24-33 Anne R. Pramaggiore
 Power of Attorney (Baltimore Gas and Electric Company)
24-34 Ann C. Berzin
24-35 Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
24-36 Christopher M. Crane
24-37 Michael E. Cryor
24-38 James R. Curtiss
24-39 Joseph Haskins, Jr .
24-40 Anne R. Pramaggiore
24-41 Michael D. Sullivan
24-42 Maria Harris Tildon
 Power of Attorney (Pepco Holdings LLC)
24-43 Christopher M. Crane
24-44 Linda W . Cropp
24-45 Michael E. Cryor
24-46 Ernest Dianastasis
24-47 Debra P . DiLorenzo
24-48 Anne R. Pramaggiore
24-49 David M. V elazquez
 Power of Attorney (Potomac Electric Power Company)
24-50 J. Tyler Anthony
24-51 Phillip S. Barnett
24-52 Christopher M. Crane
24-53 Melissa A. Lavinson
24-54 Kevin M. McGowan
24-55 Anne R. Pramaggiore
24-56 David M. V elazquez
 Power of Attorney (Delmarva Power & Light Company)
24-57 Anne R. Pramaggiore
538
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-58 David M. V elazquez
 Power of Attorney (Atlantic City Electric Company)
24-59 David M. V elazquez
Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
31-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
31-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
31-3 Filed by Kenneth W . Cornew for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
31-4 Filed by Bryan P . Wright for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
31-5 Filed by Joseph Dominguez for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-6 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-7 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
31-8 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
31-9 Filed by Calvin G. Butler , Jr. for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-10 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-11 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-13 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-15 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-17 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Atlantic City Electric Company
31-18 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code as to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2018 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
32-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
32-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
32-3 Filed by Kenneth W . Cornew for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
32-4 Filed by Bryan P . Wright for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
32-5 Filed by Joseph Dominguez for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-6 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-7 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
32-8 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
539
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
32-9 Filed by Calvin G. Butler , Jr. for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-10 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-11 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-13 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-15 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-17 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Atlantic City Electric Company
32-18 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
101.INS XBRL  Instance
101.SCH XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation
101.DEF XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition
101.LAB XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Labels
101.PRE XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation
__________
* Compensatory plan or arrangements in which directors or officers of the applicable registrant participate and which are not available to all
employees.
(a)These filings are not available electronically on the SEC website as they were filed in paper previous to the electronic system that is currently in
place.
540
Table of Contents
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
All Registrants
Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Registrants have
elected not to include such summary information.
541
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
 
EXELON CORPORA TION
  
By:  /s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE
Name:  Christopher M. Crane
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer) and DirectorChristopher M. Crane
 
/s/ JOSEPH NIGRO   Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Joseph Nigro
 
/s/ FABIAN E. SOUZA   Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller (Principal
Accounting Of ficer)Fabian E. Souza
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Thomas S. O'Neill, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
 Anthony K. Anderson
Ann C. Berzin
Laurie Brlas
Christopher M. Crane
Yves C. de Balmann
Nicholas DeBenedictis
Linda P . Jojo
  Paul L. Joskow
Robert J. Lawless
Richard W . Mies
John W . Rogers, Jr .
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Stephen D. Steinour
John F . Young 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   /s/ THOMAS S. O'NEILL   February 8, 2019
Name:   Thomas S. O'Neill    
542
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
EXELON GENERA TION COMP ANY, LLC  
   
By:  /s/ KENNETH W . CORNEW  
Name:  Kenneth W . Cornew  
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer  
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ KENNETH W . CORNEW   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer)Kenneth W . Cornew
 
/s/ BR YAN P . WRIGHT   Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer (Principal
Financial Of ficer)Bryan P . Wright
 
/s/ MA TTHEW N. BAUER   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Matthew N. Bauer
543
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ
Name:  Joseph Dominguez
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
Signature   Title
 
/s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorJoseph Dominguez
 
/s/ JEANNE M. JONES   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Jeanne M. Jones
 
/s/ GERALD J. KOZEL   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Gerald J. Kozel
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE Chairman and Director
Christopher M. Crane  
This annual report has also been signed below by Joseph Dominguez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
James W . Compton
Christopher M. Crane
A. Steven Crown
Nicholas DeBenedictis
  Peter V . Fazio, Jr .
Michael H. Moskow
Anne R. Pramaggiore
By:   /s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ   February 8, 2019
Name:   Joseph Dominguez    
544
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO
Name:  Michael A. Innocenzo
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
Signature   Title
 
/s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer) and DirectorMichael A. Innocenzo
 
/s/ ROBER T J. STEF ANI   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Robert J. Stefani
 
/s/ SCOTT  A. BAILEY   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Scott A. Bailey
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE Chairman and Director
Christopher M. Crane  
This annual report has also been signed below by Michael A. Innocenzo, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Christopher M. Crane  John S. Grady
M. W alter D’Alessio  Rosemarie B. Greco
Nicholas DeBenedictis   Charisse R. Lillie
Nelson A. Diaz   Anne R. Pramaggiore
By:   /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   February 8, 2019
Name:   Michael A. Innocenzo   
545
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ CAL VIN G. BUTLER, JR.
Name:  Calvin G. Butler , Jr.
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ CAL VIN G. BUTLER, JR.   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorCalvin G. Butler , Jr.
 
/s/ DA VID M. V AHOS   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)David M. V ahos
 
/s/ ANDREW W . HOLMES   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Andrew W . Holmes
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE Chairman and Director
Christopher M. Crane  
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Calvin G. Butler , Jr., Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Ann C. Berzin   Joseph Haskins, Jr .
Christopher M. Crane   Anne R. Pramaggiore
Michael E. Cryor  Michael D. Sullivan
James R. Curtiss   Maria Harris T ildon
 
By:   /s/ CAL VIN G. BUTLER, JR.   February 8, 2019
Name:   Calvin G. Butler , Jr.   
    
546
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer)David M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   Chairman and Director
Christopher M. Crane
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Christopher M. Crane   Ernest Dianastasis
Linda W . Cropp   Debra P . DiLorenzo
Michael E. Cryor   Anne R. Pramaggiore
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 8, 2019
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
547
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer)David M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   Chairman
Christopher M. Crane
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
J. Tyler Anthony   Melissa A. Lavinson
Phillip S. Barnett   Kevin M. McGowan
Christopher M. Crane   Anne R. Pramaggiore
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 8, 2019
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
548
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer)David M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   Chairman
Christopher M. Crane
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Anne R. Pramaggiore    
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 8, 2019
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
549
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersign ed, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the 8th
day of February , 2019 .
ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY
  
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 8th day of February , 2019 .
 
Signature   Title
 
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President and Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive
Officer)David M. V elazquez
 
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
 
/s/ ROBER T M. AIKEN   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Robert M. Aiken
  
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   Chairman
Christopher M. Crane
 
550
