UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
 or
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission
File NumberName of Registrant; State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Address of Principal
Executive Offices; and T elephone NumberIRS Employer
Identification Number
001-16169 EXELON CORPORA TION 23-2990190
(a Pennsylvania corporation)
10 South Dearborn Street
P.O. Box 805379
Chicago, Illinois 60680-5379
(800) 483-3220
333-85496 EXELON GENERA TION COMP ANY, LLC 23-3064219
(a Pennsylvania limited liability company)
300 Exelon Way
Kennett Square, Pennsylvania 19348-2473
(610) 765-5959
001-01839 COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY 36-0938600
(an Illinois corporation)
440 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois 60605-1028
(312) 394-4321
000-16844 PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY 23-0970240
(a Pennsylvania corporation)
P.O. Box 8699
2301 Market Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101-8699
(215) 841-4000
001-01910 BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY 52-0280210
(a Maryland corporation)
2 Center Plaza
110 West Fayette Street
Baltimore, Maryland 21201-3708
(410) 234-5000
001-31403 PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC 52-2297449
(a Delaware limited liability company)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068
(202) 872-2000
001-01072 POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY 53-0127880
(a District of Columbia and Virginia corporation)
701 Ninth Street, N.W.
Washington, District of Columbia 20068
(202) 872-2000
001-01405 DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY 51-0084283
(a Delaware and Virginia corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702
(202) 872-2000
001-03559 ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY 21-0398280
(a New Jersey corporation)
500 North Wakefield Drive
Newark, Delaware 19702
(202) 872-2000
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
EXELON CORPORATION:
Common Stock, without par value EXC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
PECO ENERGY COMPANY:
Trust Receipts of PECO Energy Capital Trust III, each
representing a 7.38% Cumulative Preferred Security, Series
D, $25 stated value, issued by PECO Energy Capital, L.P. and
unconditionally guaranteed by PECO Energy CompanyEXC/28 New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Title of Each Class
COMMONWEALTH EDISON COMPANY:
Common Stock Purchase Warrants (1971 Warrants and Series B Warrants)
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Exelon Corporation Yesx No ☐
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Exelon Corporation Yes ☐ Nox
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Commonwealth Edison Company Yes ☐ Nox
PECO Energy Company Yes ☐ Nox
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Pepco Holdings LLC Yes ☐ Nox
Potomac Electric Power Company Yes ☐ Nox
Delmarva Power & Light Company Yes ☐ Nox
Atlantic City Electric Company Yes ☐ Nox
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ý    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files).    Yes  ý    No  ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or
an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth
company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Exelon Corporation
Large Accelerated Filer x Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer ☐Smaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Exelon Generation
Company, LLC Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Commonwealth
Edison Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
PECO Energy
Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Pepco Holdings LLC
Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Potomac Electric
Power Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Delmarva Power &
Light Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
Atlantic City Electric
Company Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer xSmaller Reporting
Company ☐Emerging Growth
Company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. x
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐  No  x
The estimated aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of each registrant as of June 30, 2020 was
as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value $35,402,501,369
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Not applicable
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value No established market
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value None
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, without par value None
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company None
Delmarva Power & Light Company None
Atlantic City Electric Company None
The number of shares outstanding of each registrant’s common stock as of January 31, 2021 was as follows:
Exelon Corporation Common Stock, without par value 976,337,799 
Exelon Generation Company, LLC Not applicable
Commonwealth Edison Company Common Stock, $12.50 par value 127,021,370 
PECO Energy Company Common Stock, without par value 170,478,507 
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Common Stock, without par value 1,000 
Pepco Holdings LLC Not applicable
Potomac Electric Power Company Common Stock, $0.01 par value 100 
Delmarva Power & Light Company Common Stock, $2.25 par value 1,000 
Atlantic City Electric Company Common Stock, $3.00 par value 8,546,017 
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Commonwealth Edison Company 2020 Information
Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III.
Exelon Generation Company, LLC, PECO Energy Company, Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power
Company, Delmarva Power & Light Company, and Atlantic City Electric Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of
Form 10-K and are therefore filing this Form in the reduced disclosure format.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Page No.
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS 1
FILING FORMA T 6
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION 6
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION 6
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS 7
General 7
Exelon Generation Company , LLC 8
Utility Operations 15
Employees 19
Environmental Regulation 20
Executive Of ficers of the Registrants 25
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS 30
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS 46
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 47
Exelon Generation Company , LLC 47
The Utility Registrants 51
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS 52
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES 53
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS, AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES 54
 Page No.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS 58
Exelon Corporation 58
Executive Overview 58
Financial Results of Operations 60
Significant 2020 Transactions and Recent Developments 63
Exelon's Strategy and Outlook 66
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies 67
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 69
Results of Operations 80
Exelon Generation Company , LLC 81
Commonwealth Edison Company 88
PECO Energy Company 91
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 95
Pepco Holdings LLC 98
Potomac Electric Power Company 99
Delmarva Power & Light Company 102
Atlantic City Electric Company 106
Liquidity and Capital Resources 108
Contractual Obligations and Of f-Balance Sheet Arrangements 122
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 127
Exelon Corporation 127
Exelon Generation Company , LLC 135
Commonwealth Edison Company 137
PECO Energy Company 139
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 141
Pepco Holdings LLC 143
Potomac Electric Power Company 145
Delmarva Power & Light Company 147
Atlantic City Electric Company 149
 Page No.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA 151
Exelon Corporation 179
Exelon Generation Company , LLC 184
Commonwealth Edison Company 189
PECO Energy Company 194
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 199
Pepco Holdings LLC 204
Potomac Electric Power Company 209
Delmarva Power & Light Company 214
Atlantic City Electric Company 219
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 224
1. Significant Accounting Policies 224
2. Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions 233
3. Regulatory Matters 235
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 252
5. Segment Information 256
6. Accounts Receivable 267
7. Early Plant Retirements 269
8. Property , Plant, and Equipment 272
9. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant 274
10. Asset Retirement Obligations 275
11. Leases 280
12. Asset Impairments 285
13. Intangible Assets 286
14. Income Taxes 288
15. Retirement Benefits 296
16. Derivative Financial Instruments 308
17. Debt and Credit Agreements 313
18. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities 323
19. Commitments and Contingencies 338
20. Shareholders' Equity 348
21. Stock-Based Compensation Plans 349
22. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 353
23. V ariable Interest Entities 353
24. Supplemental Financial Information 358
25. Related Party Transactions 365
26. Subsequent Events 368
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE 368
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 368
 Page No.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION 369
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE 370
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION 371
ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF CERT AIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS 372
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE 373
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES 374
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES 375
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMAR Y 423
SIGNA TURES 424
Exelon Corporation 424
Exelon Generation Company , LLC 425
Commonwealth Edison Company 426
PECO Energy Company 427
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 428
Pepco Holdings LLC 429
Potomac Electric Power Company 430
Delmarva Power & Light Company 431
Atlantic City Electric Company 432
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Exelon Corporation and Related Entities
Exelon Exelon Corporation
Generation Exelon Generation Company , LLC
ComEd Commonwealth Edison Company
PECO PECO Energy Company
BGE Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Pepco Holdings or PHI   Pepco Holdings LLC (formerly Pepco Holdings, Inc.)
Pepco   Potomac Electric Power Company
DPL   Delmarva Power & Light Company
ACE   Atlantic City Electric Company
Registrants Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE,
collectively
Utility Registrants ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, collectively
Legacy PHI PHI, Pepco, DPL, ACE, PES, and PCI, collectively
ACE Funding or ATF   Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
Antelope V alley Antelope V alley Solar Ranch One
BondCo RSB BondCo LLC
BSC Exelon Business Services Company , LLC
CENG Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC
Constellation Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
EEDC Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC
EGR IV ExGen Renewables IV , LLC
EGRP ExGen Renewables Partners, LLC
Exelon Corporate Exelon in its corporate capacity as a holding company
Exelon T ransmission Company Exelon Transmission Company , LLC
FitzPatrick James A. FitzPatrick nuclear generating station
Ginna R. E. Ginna nuclear generating station
NER NewEnergy Receivables LLC
PCI   Potomac Capital Investment Corporation and its subsidiaries
PEC L.P . PECO Energy Capital, L.P .
PECO T rust III PECO Energy Capital Trust III
PECO T rust IV PECO Energy Capital Trust IV
Pepco Energy Services or PES   Pepco Energy Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries
PHI Corporate PHI in its corporate capacity as a holding company
PHISCO PHI Service Company
RPG Renewable Power Generation
SolGen SolGen, LLC
TMI Three Mile Island nuclear facility
UII Unicom Investments, Inc.
1
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
ABO Accumulated Benefit Obligation
AEC Alternative Energy Credit that is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified alternative energy source
AESO Alberta Electric Systems Operator
AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction
AMI Advanced Metering Infrastructure
AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
ARC Asset Retirement Cost
ARO Asset Retirement Obligation
ARP Alternative Revenue Program
ASA Asset Sale Agreement
BGS   Basic Generation Service
Brookfield Renewable Brookfield Renewable Partners, L.P .
CAISO California ISO
CBAs Collective Bargaining Agreements
CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended
CES Clean Energy Standard
Clean Air Act Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended
Clean W ater Act Federal W ater Pollution Control Amendments of 1972, as amended
CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker
Conectiv   Conectiv , LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI and the parent of DPL  and ACE
during the Predecessor periods
DC PLUG District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative
DCPSC   District of Columbia Public Service Commission
DOE United States Department of Energy
DOEE Department of Energy & Environment
DOJ United States Department of Justice
DPP Deferred Purchase Price
DPSC   Delaware Public Service Commission
DSP Default Service Provider
EDF Electricite de France SA  and its subsidiaries
EIMA Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act (Illinois Senate Bill 1652 and Illinois
House Bill 3036)
EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency
ERCOT Electric Reliability Council of Texas
ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
EROA Expected Rate of Return on Assets
ERP Enterprise Resource Program
FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board
FEJA Illinois Public Act 99-0906 or Future Energy Jobs Act
FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
FRCC Florida Reliability Coordinating Council
FRR Fixed Resource Requirement
GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States
GCR   Gas Cost Rate
GHG Greenhouse Gas
GSA Generation Supply Adjustment
2
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
GWh Gigawatt hour
ICC Illinois Commerce Commission
ICE Intercontinental Exchange
IIP Infrastructure Investment Program
Illinois Settlement Legislation Legislation enacted in 2007 af fecting electric utilities in Illinois
IPA Illinois Power Agency
IRC Internal Revenue Code
IRS Internal Revenue Service
ISO Independent System Operator
ISO-NE ISO New England Inc.
NYISO New York ISO
kV Kilovolt
kWh Kilowatt-hour
LIBOR London Interbank Of fered Rate
LLRW Low-Level Radioactive W aste
LNG Liquefied Natural Gas
LTIP Long-T erm Incentive Plan
MATS U.S. EP A Mercury and Air Toxics Standards
MDE Maryland Department of the Environment
MDPSC Maryland Public Service Commission
MGP Manufactured Gas Plant
MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator , Inc.
mmcf Million Cubic Feet
MOPR Minimum Of fer Price Rule
MRV Market-Related V alue
MW Megawatt
MWh Megawatt hour
N/A Not applicable
NAV Net Asset V alue
NDT Nuclear Decommissioning Trust
NEIL Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited
NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation
NJBPU   New Jersey Board of Public Utilities
NJDEP New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
Non-Regulatory Agreement Units Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are not subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
NOSA Nuclear Operating Services Agreement
NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
NPNS Normal Purchase Normal Sale scope exception
NRC Nuclear Regulatory Commission
NWP A Nuclear W aste Policy Act of 1982
NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange
NYPSC New York Public Service Commission
OCI Other Comprehensive Income
OIESO Ontario Independent Electricity System Operator
OPEB Other Postretirement Employee Benefits
3
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
PA DEP Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
PAPUC Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
PCB Polychlorinated Biphenyl
PGC Purchased Gas Cost Clause
PG&E Pacific Gas and Electric Company
PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC
POLR Provider of Last Resort
PPA Power Purchase Agreement
PP&E Property , Plant, and Equipment
Price-Anderson Act Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act of 1957
PRP Potentially Responsible Parties
PSEG Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
PV Photovoltaic
RCRA Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended
REC Renewable Energy Credit which is issued for each megawatt hour of generation
from a qualified renewable energy source
Regulatory Agreement Units Nuclear generating units or portions thereof whose decommissioning-related
activities are subject to contractual elimination under regulatory accounting
RES Retail Electric Suppliers
RFP Request for Proposal
Rider Reconcilable Surcharge Recovery Mechanism
RGGI Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative
RMC Risk Management Committee
RNF Revenue Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense
ROE   Return on equity
ROU Right-of-use
RPS Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards
RTEP Regional Transmission Expansion Plan
RTO Regional Transmission Organization
S&P Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services
SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission
SERC SERC Reliability Corporation (formerly Southeast Electric Reliability Council)
SGIG Smart Grid Investment Grant from DOE
SNF Spent Nuclear Fuel
SOA Society of Actuaries
SOS Standard Of fer Service
SPP Southwest Power Pool
SSA Social Security Administration
TCJA Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
Transition Bond Charge   Revenue ACE receives, and pays to ACE Funding, to fund the principal and
interest payments on Transition Bonds and related taxes, expenses, and fees
Transition Bonds   Transition Bonds issued by ACE Funding
U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
VIE Variable Interest Entity
WECC Western Electric Coordinating Council
4
Table of Contents
GLOSSAR Y OF TERMS AND ABBREVIA TIONS
Other T erms and Abbreviations
ZEC Zero Emission Credit
ZES Zero Emission Standard
5
Table of Contents
FILING FORMA T
This combined Annual Report on Form 10-K is being filed separately by Exelon Corporation, Exelon Generation Company , LLC,
Commonwealth Edison Company , PECO Energy Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac
Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company , and Atlantic City Electric Company (Registrants). Information
contained herein relating to any individual Registrant is filed by such Registrant on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any
representation as to information relating to any other Registrant.
CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENTS REGARDING FOR WARD-LOOKING INFORMA TION
This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Secu rities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
that are subject to risks and uncertainties including, among others, those related to the timing, manner , tax-free nature and expected
benefits associated with the potential separation of Exelon’ s competitive power generation and customer-facing energy business
from its six regulated electric and gas utilities . Words such as “could,” “may ,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “will,” “targets,” “goals,”
“projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “predicts,” and variations on such words, and similar expressions that
reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance, are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements.
The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statemen ts made by the Registrants include
those factors discussed herein, including those factors discussed with respect to the Registrant s discussed in (a) Part I, ITEM 1A.
Risk Factors, (b) Part II, ITEM 7. Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  and Results of Operations, (c) Part
II, ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, and (d) other factors
discussed in filings with the SEC by the Registrants. Readers are cautioned not to place undu e reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this Report. None of the Registrants undertakes any obligation to publicly release any
revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report.
WHERE T O FIND MORE INFORMA TION
The SEC maintains an Internet site at www .sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
that the Registrants file electronically with the SEC. These documents are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and the Registrants’  website at www .exeloncorp.com. Information contained on the Registrants’  website shall not
be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Report.
6
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1.  
General
Corporate Structure and Business and Other Information
Exelon is a utility service s holding company engaged in the generation, delivery , and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
Name of Registrant   Business   Service
Territories
Exelon Generation
Company, LLCGeneration, physical delivery, and marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its customer-facing business,
Constellation, which sells electricity to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells natural gas, renewable energy, and
other energy-related products and services.Five reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New
York, ERCOT, and Other Power Regions
Commonwealth Edison Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of
Philadelphia (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPennsylvania counties surrounding the City of
Philadelphia (natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore
(electricity and natural gas)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL, and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Potomac Electric 
Power Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia and Major portions of
Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties, Maryland
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power & Light Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural
gas to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural
gas)
Atlantic City Electric Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating
excellence. The separation gives each company the financial and strategic independence to focus on its specific customer needs,
while executing its core business strategy . See Note 26 — Subsequent Events of the Combin ed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Business Services
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, human resources, financial, information technology , and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations
unless otherwise disclosed.
7
Table of Contents
Generation
Generation, one of the largest competitive electric generation companies in the United States as measured by owned and contracted
MW, physically delivers and markets power across multiple geographic regions through its custo mer-facing business, Constellation.
Constellation sells electricity and natural gas, including renewable energy , in competitive energy markets to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to ensure delivery of energy to both wholesale and retail customers
under long-term and short-term contracts, and in wholesale power markets. Generation operates in well-developed energy markets
and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility . Generation's fleet also provides geographic and
supply sourc e diversity . Generation’ s customers  include distribution utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, financial institutions, and
commercial, industrial, governmental, and residential customers in competitive markets. Generation’ s customer-facing activities
foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers.
Generation is a public utility under the Federal Power Act and is subject to FERC’ s exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over wholesale
sales of electricity and the transmission of electr icity in interstate commerce. Under the Federal Power Act, FERC has the authority
to grant or deny market-based rates for sales of energy , capacity , and ancillary services to ensure that such sales are just and
reasonable. FERC’ s jurisdiction over ratemaking includes the authority to suspend the market-based rates of utilities and set cost-
based rates should FERC find that its previous grant of market-based rates authority is no longer just and reasonable. Other matters
subject to FERC jurisdiction include, but are not limited to, third-party financings; review of mergers; dispositions of jurisdictional
facilities and acquisitions of securities of another public utility or an existing operational generating facility; affiliate transactions;
intercompany financings  and cash manageme nt arrangements; certain internal corporate reorganizations; and certain holding
company acquisitions of public utility and holding company securities.
RTOs and ISOs exist in a number of regions to provide transmission service across multiple transmission systems. FERC has
approved PJM, MISO, ISO-NE, and SPP as RTOs and CAISO and NYISO as ISOs. These entities are responsible for regional
planning, managing transmission congestion, developing wholesale markets for energy and capacity , maintaining reliability , market
monitoring, the scheduling of physical power sales brokered through ICE and NYMEX, and the elimination or reduction of redundant
transmission charges imposed by multiple transmission providers when wholesale customers take transmission service across
several transmission systems. ERCOT  is not subject to regulation by FERC but performs a similar function in Texas to that
performed by R TOs in markets regulated by FERC.
Specific operations of Generation are also subject to the jurisdiction of various other Federal, state, regional, and local agencies,
including the NRC, and Federal and state environmental protection agencies. Additionally , Generation is subject to NERC mandatory
reliability standards, which protect the nation’ s bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security
breaches.
8
Table of Contents
Generating Resources
At December 31, 2020, the generating resources of Generation consisted of the following:
Type of Capacity MW
Owned generation assets
Nuclear 18,880 
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 9,340 
       Renewable 3,051 
Owned generation assets 31,271 
Contracted generation 3,966 
Total generating resources 35,237 
__________
(a)See “Fuel” for sources of fuels used in electric generation.
(b)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share. See ITEM 2. PROPERTIES—Generation for additional information.
(c)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar, and biomass generation.
(d)Electric supply procured under site specific agreements.
Generation has five reportable segments, as described in the table below , representing the different geographical areas in which
Generation’ s owned generating resources are located and Generation's customer-facing activities are conducted.
SegmentNet Generation
Capacity (MW)% of Net Generation
Capacity Geographical Area
Mid-Atlantic 9,729 31 %Eastern half of PJM, which includes New Jersey , Maryland,
Virginia, W est V irginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia, and
parts of Pennsylvania and North Carolina
Midwest 11,911 38 %Western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO,
excluding MISO’ s Southern Region
New York 1,971 6 %NYISO
ERCOT 3,623 12 %Electric Reliability Council of Texas
Other Power Regions 4,037 13 %New England, South, W est, and Canada
Total 31,271 100 %
__________
(a)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share. See ITEM 2. PROPERTIES—Generation for additional information.
Nuclear Facilities
Generation has ownership interests in thirteen  nuclear generating stations currently in service, consisting of 23 units with an
aggregate of 18,880 MW of capacity . These stations include FitzPatrick located in Scriba, New York, which was acquired on March
31, 2017 and exclude TMI located in Middletown, Pennsylvania, which permanently ceased generation operations on September 20,
2019 and Oyster Creek located in Forked River , New Jersey , which permanently ceased generation operations on September 17,
2018 and was subsequ ently sold to Holtec International (Holtec) on July 1, 2019. Generat ion wholly owns all of its nuclear
generating stations, except for undivided owners hip interests in three jointly-owned nuclear stations: Quad Cities (75% ownership),
Peach Botto m (50% ownership), and Salem (42.59% ownership), which are consolidated in Exelon’ s and Generation's financial
statements relative to its proportionate ownershi p interest in each unit, and a 50.01% membership interest in CENG, a joint venture
with EDF, which wholly  owns the Calvert Cliffs and Ginna nuclear stations and Nine Mile Point Unit 1, in addition to an 82%
undivided ownership interest in Nine Mile Point Unit 2. CENG is 100% consolidated in Exelon's and Generation's financial
statements.(a)(b)
(c)
(d)
(a)
9
Table of Contents
Generation and EDF entered into a Put Option Agreement on April 1, 2014, pursuant to which EDF has an option to sell its 49.99%
equity intere st in CENG to Generation. The put option became exercisable on January 1, 2016 and may be exercised any time until
June 30, 2022. On November 20, 2019, Gene ration received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercise the put option and sell its
ownership share in CENG to Generation and the put automatically exercised on January 19, 2020 at the end of the sixty-day
advance notice period. At this time, Generation cannot reasonably predict the ultimate purchase price that will be paid to EDF for its
interest in CENG. The transaction will require approval by the NYPSC and the FERC. The FERC  approval was obtained on July 30,
2020. From the date the put was exercised, the process and regulatory approvals could take one to two years to complete.
See ITEM 2. PROPER TIES for additional information on Generation's nuclear facilities, Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and
Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the disposition of Oyster
Creek, and Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding the CENG consolidation.
Generation’ s nuclear generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of the two units at Salem, which are
operated by PSEG Nuclear , LLC (PSEG Nuclear), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of PSEG. In 2020, 2019, and 2018 electric
supply (in GWh) generat ed from the nuclear generating facilities was 62%, 64%, and 68%, respectively , of Generation’ s total electric
supply , which also includes fossil, hydroelectric,  and renewable generation and electric supply purchased for resale. Generation’ s
wholesale and retail power marketing activities are, in part, supplied by the output from the nucle ar generating stations. See ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS for additional
information of Generation’ s electric supply sources.
Nuclear Operations
Capacity factors, which are significantly affected by the number and duration of refueling and non-refueling outages, can have a
significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. Generation’ s operations from its nuclear plants have historically had minimal
environmental impact and the plants have a safe operating history .
Generation manages its scheduled refueling outages to minimize their duration and to maintain high nuclear generating capacity
factors, resulting in a stable generation base for Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. During scheduled
refueling outages, Generation performs mainten ance and equipment upgrades in order to minimize the occurrence of unplanned
outages and to maintai n safe, reliable operations. During 2020, 2019, and 2018, the nuclear generating facilities operated by
Generation, achieved capacity factors of 95.4%, 95.7%, and 94.6%, respectively , at ownership percentage.
In addition to the maintenance and equipment upgrades performed by Generation during scheduled refueling outages, Generation
has extensiv e operating and security procedure s in place to ensure the safe operation of the nuclear units. Generation also has
extensive safety systems in place to protect the plant, personnel, and surrounding area in the unlikely event of an accident or other
incident.
Regulation of Nuclear Power Generation
Generation is subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC with respect to the operation of its nuclear generating stations, including the
licensing for operation of each unit. The NRC subjects nuclear generating stations to continuing review and regulation covering,
among other things, operations, maintenance, emergency planning, security , and environmental and radiological aspects of those
stations. As part of its reactor oversight process, the NRC continuously assesses unit performan ce indicators and inspection results
and communicates its assessment on a semi-annual basis. All nuclear generating stations operated by Generation are categorized
by the NRC in the Licen see Response Column, which is the highest of five performance bands. The NRC may modify , suspend, or
revoke operating licenses and impose civil pena lties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act or the terms of the operating
licenses. Changes in regulations by the NRC may require a substantial increase in capital expe nditures and/or operating costs for
nuclear generating facilities.
Licenses
Generation has original 40-year operating licenses from the NRC for each of its nuclear units and has received 20-year operating
license renewals from the NRC for all its nuclear units except Clinton. PSEG has received 20-year operating license renewals for
Salem Units 1 and 2. Peach Bottom has received a second 20-year license
10
Table of Contents
renewal from the NRC for Units 2 and 3. On August 27, 2020, Generation announced that it intends to permanently cease
generation operations at Byron in September 2021 and at Dresden in November 2021. See Note  7 — Early Plant Retirements of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The following table summarizes the current license expiration dates for Generation’ s operating nuclear facilities in service:
Station UnitIn-Service
DateCurrent License
Expiration
Braidwood 1 1988 2046
2 1988 2047
Byron 1 1985 2044
2 1987 2046
Calvert Clif fs 1 1975 2034
2 1977 2036
Clinton 1 1987 2027
Dresden 2 1970 2029
3 1971 2031
FitzPatrick 1 1974 2034
LaSalle 1 1984 2042
2 1984 2043
Limerick 1 1986 2044
2 1990 2049
Nine Mile Point 1 1969 2029
2 1988 2046
Peach Bottom 2 1974 2053
3 1974 2054
Quad Cities 1 1973 2032
2 1973 2032
Ginna 1 1970 2029
Salem 1 1977 2036
2 1981 2040
__________
(a)Denotes year in which nuclear unit began commercial operations.
(b)Although timing has been delayed, Generation currently plans to seek license renewal for Clinton and has notified the NRC that any license
renewal application would not be filed until the first quarter of 2024. In 2019, the NRC approved a change of the operating license expiration for
Clinton from 2026 to 2027.
The operating license renewal process takes approximately four to five years from the comm encement of the renewal process,
which includ es approxim ately two years for Generation to develop the application and appro ximately two years for the NRC to
review the application. Depreciation provisions are based on the estimated useful lives of the stations, which reflect the first renewal
of the opera ting licenses  for all of Generation’ s operating nuclear generating stations except for Clinton, Peach Bottom, Byron, and
Dresden. Clinton deprec iation provisions are based on an estimated useful life of 2027 which is the last year of the Illinois ZES.
Peach Bottom depreciation provisions are based on estimated useful life of 2053 and 2054 for Unit 2 and Unit 3, respectively , which
reflects the second renewal of its operating licenses. Byron and Dresden depreciation provisions are based on the announced
shutdown dates of September 2021 and November 2021, respectively . See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for addition al information on the Illinois ZES and Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on early retirements.(a)
(b)
11
Table of Contents
Nuclear W aste Storage and Disposal
There are no facilities for the reprocessing or permanent disposal of SNF currently in operation in the United States, nor has the
NRC licensed any such facilities. Generation currently stores all SNF generated by its nuclear generating facilities on-site in storage
pools or in dry cask storage facilities. Since Generation’ s SNF storage pools generally do not have sufficient storage capacity for the
life of the respective plant, Generation has developed dry cask storage facilities to support operations.
As of December 31, 2020, Generation had approximately 87,100 SNF assemblies (21,600 tons) stored on site in SNF pools or dry
cask storage which includes SNF assemblies at Zion Station, for which Generation retains ownership even though the responsibility
for decommissioning Zion Station has been assumed by another party , and TMI, which is no longer operational. See the
Decommissioning section below for additional information regarding Zion Station. All currently operating Generation-owned nuclear
sites have on-site dry cask storage. TMI's on-site dry cask storage is projected to be in operation in 2021. On-site dry cask storage in
concert with on-site storage pools will be capable of meeting all current and future SNF storage  requirements at Generation’ s sites
through the end of the license renewal periods and through decommissioning.
For a discu ssion of matters associated with Generation’ s contracts with the DOE for the disposal of SNF, see Note 19 —
Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a by-product of their operations, nuclear generating units produce LLRW. LLRW is accumulated at each generating station and
permanently disposed of at licensed disposal facilities. The Federal Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 provides that
states may enter into agreements to provide regional disposal facilities for LLRW and restrict use of those facilities to waste
generated within the region. Illinois and Kentucky have entered into such an agreement, although neither state currently has an
operational site and none is anticipated to be operational for the next ten years.
Generation ships its Class A LLRW, which represents 93% of LLRW generated at its stations, to disposal facilities in Utah and South
Carolina, which have enough storage capacity to store all Class A LLRW for the life of all stations in Generation's nuclear fleet. The
disposal facility in South  Carolina at present is only receiving LLRW from LLRW generators in South Carolina, New Jersey (which
includes Salem), and Connecticut.
Generation utilizes on-si te storage capacity at all its stations to store and stage for shipping Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation
has a contra ct through 2032 to ship Class B and Class C LLRW to a disposal facility in Texas. The agreement provides for disposal
of all current Class B and Class C LLRW currently stored at each station as well as the Class B and Class C LLRW generated during
the term of the agreement. However , because the production of LLRW from Generation’ s nuclear  fleet will exceed the capacity at the
Texas site (3.9 million curies for 15 years beginning in 2012), Generation will still be required to utilize on-site storage at its stations
for Class B and Class C LLRW. Generation currently has enough storage capacity to store all Class B and Class C LLRW for the life
of all stations in Generation’ s nuclear fleet. Generation continues to pursue alternative disposal strategies for LLRW, including an
LLRW reduction program to minimize on-site storage and cost impacts.
Nuclear Insurance
Generation is subject to liability , property damage, and other risks associated with major incidents at all of its nuclear stations.
Generation has reduced its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions. See
“Nuclear Insurance” within Note 19 — Comm itments and Contingencies of the Combined  Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
For informat ion regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES — Generation. Generation is self-insured to the extent that
any losses may exceed the amount of insurance maintained or are within the policy deductible  for its insured losses. Such losses
could have a material adverse ef fect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements.
Decommissioning
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in specified minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility . The ultimate decommissioning
obligation will be funded by the NDT funds. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
12
Table of Contents
OPERA TIONS — Exelon Corporation, Liquidity and Capital Resources; ITEM 7. MANAGEMEN T'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS
OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS, Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Nuclear
Decommissioning, Asset  Retirement Obligations, and Nuclear Decommissioning Trust Fund Investments; and Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters, Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions, Note 18 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities, and Note 10 —
Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
Generation’ s NDT  funds and its decommissioning obligations.
Oyster Creek Decommissioning . On July 1, 2019, Generation completed the sale with Holtec and its indirect wholly owned
subsidiary , Oyster Creek Environmental Protection, LLC (OCEP), of Oyster Creek under which Holtec has assumed the
responsibility for decommissioning. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Zion Station Decommissioning . On September 1, 2010, Generation completed an ASA with EnergySolutions, Inc. and its wholly
owned subsidiaries, EnergySolutions, LLC and ZionSolutions under which ZionSolutions has assumed responsibility for
decommissioning Zion Station. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Fossil and Renewable Facilities (including Hydroelectric)
Generation wholly owns all of its fossil and renew able generating stations, with the exception of: (1) Wyman; (2) certain wind project
entities and a biomass project entity with minorit y interest owners; and (3) EGRP  which is owned 49% by another owner . See Note
23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
EGRP  which is a VIE. Generation’ s fossil and renewable generating stations are all operated by Generation, with the exception of
Wyman, which is opera ted by a third party . In 2020, 2019, and 2018, electric supply (in GWh ) generated from owned fossil and
renewable generating facilities was 9%, 11%, and 11%, respectively , of Generation’ s total electri c supply . The majority of this output
was dispatched to support Generation’ s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. On December 8, 2020, Generation entered
into an agreement to sell a significant portion of Generation's solar business. See ITEM 2. PRO PERTIES for additional information
regarding Generation's electric generating facilities and Note 2 - Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the sale of Generation's solar business.
Licenses
Fossil and renewable generation plants are generally not licensed, and, therefore, the decision on when to retire plants is,
fundamentally , a commercial one. FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on
navigable waterways or Federal lands, or connected to the interstate electric grid, which include Generation's Conowingo
Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo) and Muddy Run Pumped Storage Facility Project (Muddy Run). Muddy Run's license expires on
December 1, 2055. On August 29, 2012, Generation submitted a hydroelectric license application to the FERC for a new license for
Conowingo. Based on the FERC procedural schedule, the FERC licensing process for Conowi ngo was not completed prior to the
expiration of the plant’ s license on September 1, 2014. As a result, on September 10, 2014, FERC issued an annual license for
Conowingo, effective as of the expiration of the previous license. The annual license renews automatically absent any further FERC
action. The stations are currently being depreciated over their estimated useful lives, which include actual and anticipated license
renewal periods. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on Conowingo.
Insurance
Generation maintains business interruption insurance for its renewable projects, but not for its fossil and hydroelectric operations
unless required by contract or financing agreements. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agre ements of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on financing agreements. Generation maintains both property damage
and liability insurance. For property damage and liability claims for these operations, Generati on is self-insured to the extent that
losses are within the policy deductible or excee d the amount of insurance maintained. Such losses could have a material adverse
effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial conditions and their results of operations and cash flows. For information
regarding property insurance, see ITEM 2. PROPER TIES — Generation.
13
Table of Contents
Contracted Generation
In addition to energy produced by owned generation assets, Generation sources electricity from plants it does not own under long-
term contrac ts. The following tables summarize Generation’ s long-term contracts to purchase unit-specific physical power with an
original term in excess of one year in duration, by region, in ef fect as of December 31, 2020:
RegionNumber of
AgreementsExpiration 
Dates Capacity (MW)
Mid-Atlantic 8 2021 - 2032 183 
Midwest 3 2021 - 2032 351 
ERCOT 5 2021 - 2035 864 
Other Power Regions 17 2021 - 2032 2,568 
Total 33 3,966 
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Thereafter Total
Capacity Expiring (MW) 884 304 103 101 461 2,113 3,966 
Fuel
The following table shows sources of electric supply in GWh for 2020 and 2019: 
Source of Electric Supply
2020 2019
Nuclear 175,085 181,326 
Purchases — non-trading portfolio 79,972 70,939 
Fossil (primarily natural gas and oil) 19,501 21,554 
Renewable 7,052 7,777 
Total supply 281,610 281,596 
 
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g., CENG).  Nuclear generation for 2020 and 2019 includes physical volumes of
35,052 GWh and 35,745 GWh, respectively, for CENG.
(b)Includes wind, hydroelectric, solar, and biomass generating assets.
The cycle of production and utilization of nuclear fuel includes the mining and milling of uranium ore into uranium concentrates, the
conversion of uranium concentrates to uranium hexafluoride, the enrichment of the uranium hexafluoride, and the fabrication of fuel
assemblies. Generation has inventory in various forms and does not anticipate difficulty in obtaining the necessary uranium
concentrates or conversion, enrichment, or fabrication services to meet the nuclear fuel requirements of its nuclear units.
Natural gas is procured  through long-term and short-term contracts, as well as spot-market purchases. Fuel oil inventories are
managed so that in the winter months sufficient volumes of fuel are available in the event of extreme weather conditions and during
the remaining months to take advantage of favorable market pricing.
Generation uses financial instruments to mitigate price risk associated with certain commodity price exposures, using both over-the-
counter and exchange-traded instruments. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS, ITEM 7. MAN AGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS, Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 16
— Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combi ned Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
derivative financial instruments.(a)
(b)
14
Table of Contents
Power Marketing
Generation’ s integrated business operations include physical delivery and marketing of power . Generation largely obtains physical
power supply from its owned and contracted generation in multiple geographic regions. The commodity risks associated with the
output from owned and contracted generation is managed using various commodity transactions including sales to customers. The
main objecti ve is to obtain low-cost energy supply to meet physical delivery obligations to both wholesale and retail customers.
Generation sells electricity , natural gas, and other energy related products and solutions to various customers, including distribution
utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, and commercial, industrial, governmental, and residential customers in competitive markets.
Where necessary , Generation may also purchase transmission service to ensure that it has reliable transmission capacity to
physically move its power supplies to meet customer delivery needs.
Price and Supply Risk Management
Generation also manages the price and supply risks for energy and fuel associated with gener ation assets and the risks of power
marketing activities. Generation implements a three-year ratable sales plan to align its hedging strategy with its financial objectives.
Generation may also enter into transactions that are outside of this ratable sales plan. Generation  is exposed to commodity price risk
in 2021 and beyond for portions of its electricity portfolio that are unhedged. As of December 31, 2020, the percentage of expected
generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest,  New York, and ERCOT  reportable segments is 94%-97% for 2021. The percentage
of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. Expected generation is the
volume of energy that best represents our comm odity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generation based upon a
simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for
power , fuel, load following products, and options. Equivalent sales represent all hedging products, which include economic hedges
and certain non-derivative contracts, including sales to the Utility Registrants to serve their retail load. A portion of Generation’ s
hedging strategy may be implemented through the use of fuel products based on assumed correlations between power and fuel
prices. The risk manage ment group and Exelon’ s RMC monitor the financial risks of the wholesale and retail power marketing
activities. Generation also uses financial and commodity contracts for proprietary trading purpose s, but this activity accounts for only
a small portion of Generation’ s efforts. The propr ietary trading portfolio is subject to a risk management policy that includes stringent
risk management limits. See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK for additional
information.
Capital Expenditures
Generation’ s business is capital intensive and requires significant investments primarily in nuclear fuel and energy generation
assets. Generation’ s estimated capital expenditures for 2021 include Generation's share of the investment in the co-owned Salem
plant and the total capital expenditures for CENG. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS , Liquidity and Capital Resources, for additional information regarding projected
2021 capital expenditures.
Utility Registrants
Merger with Pepco Holdings, Inc.
On March 23, 2016, Exelon completed the merger among Exelon, Purple Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon
(Merger Sub), and PHI. As a result of that merge r, Merger Sub was merged into PHI (the PHI merger) with PHI surviving as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Exelon and EEDC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon which also owns Exelon's interests in ComEd, PECO,
and BGE (through a special purpose subsidiary in the case of BGE). Following the completion of the PHI merger , Exelon, and PHI
completed a series of internal corporate organization restructuring transactions resulting in the transfer of PHI’s unregulated
business interests to Exelon and Generation and the transfer of PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE to a special purpose subsidiary of
EEDC.
15
Table of Contents
Utility Operations
Service T erritories and Franchise Agreements
The following table presents the size of service territories, populations of each service territory and the number of customers within
each service territory for the Utility Registrants as of December 31, 2020:
ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Service Territories (in square miles)
Electric 11,400 2,100 2,300 640 5,400 2,800 
Natural Gas N/A 1,960 3,050 N/A 270 N/A
Total 11,400 2,100 3,250 640 5,400 2,800 
Service Territory Population (in millions)
Electric 9.6 4.0 3.0 2.4 1.5 1.1 
Natural Gas N/A 2.5 2.9 N/A 0.6 N/A
Total 9.6 4.0 3.1 2.4 1.5 1.1 
Main City Chicago Philadelphia BaltimoreDistrict of
Columbia Wilmington Atlantic City
Main City Population 2.7 1.6 0.6 0.7 0.1 0.1 
Number of Customers (in millions)
Electric 4.1 1.7 1.3 0.9 0.5 0.6 
Natural Gas N/A 0.5 0.7 N/A 0.1 N/A
Total 4.1 1.7 1.3 0.9 0.5 0.6 
The Utility Registrants have the necessary autho rizations to perform their current business of providing regulated electric and natural
gas distribution services in the various municipa lities and territories in which they now supply such services. These authorizations
include charters, franchises, permits, and certificates of public convenience issued by local and state governments and state utility
commissions. ComEd's,  BGE's (gas), Pepco DC's, and ACE's rights are generally non-exclusive while PECO's, BGE's (electric),
Pepco MD's, and DPL's rights are generally exclusive. Certain authorizations are perpetual while others have varying expiration
dates. The Utility Registrants anticipate working with the appropriate governmental bodies to extend or replace the authorizations
prior to their expirations.
Utility Regulations
State utility commissions regulate the Utility Registrants' electric and gas distribution rates and service, issuances of certain
securities, and certain other aspects of the business. The following table outlines the state commissions responsible for utility
oversight.
Registrant Commission
ComEd ICC
PECO PAPUC
BGE MDPSC
Pepco DCPSC/MDPSC
DPL DPSC/MDPSC
ACE NJBPU
The Utility Registrants are public utilities under the Federal Power Act subject to regulation by FERC related to transmission rates
and certain other aspec ts of the utilities' business. The U.S. Department of Transportation also regulates pipeline safety and other
areas of gas operations for PECO, BGE, and DPL. Additionally , the Utility Registrants are subject to NERC mandatory reliability
standards, which protect the nation's bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches.
16
Table of Contents
Seasonality Impacts on Delivery V olumes
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution volumes are generally higher during the summer and winter months when temperature
extremes create deman d for either summer cooling or winter heating. For PECO, BGE, and DPL, natural gas distribution volumes
are generally higher during the winter months when cold temperatures create demand for winter heating.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, and DPL Maryland have electric distribution decoupling mechanisms and BGE has a natural gas decoupling
mechanism that eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on electric distribution and
natural gas delivery volumes. As a result, ComE d's, BGE's, Pepco's, and DPL's Maryland electric distribution revenues and BGE's
natural gas distribution revenues are not materially impacted by delivery volumes. PECO's and DPL's Delaware electric distribution
revenues and natural gas distribution revenues and ACE's electric distribution revenues are impacted by delivery volumes.
Electric and Natural Gas Distribution Services
The Utility Registrants are allowed to recover reasonable costs and fair and prudent capital expenditures associated with electric and
natural gas distribution services and earn a return on those capital expenditures, subject to commission approval. ComEd recovers
costs throug h a performance-based rate formula. ComEd is required to file an update to the performance-based rate formula on an
annual basis. PECO's, BGE's, and DPL's electric and gas distribution costs and Pepco's and ACE's electric distribution costs have
generally been recovered through traditional rate case proceedings. However , the MDPSC and the DCPSC allow utilities to file multi-
year rate plans. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants use specific recovery mechanism s as approved by their respective
regulatory agencies.
ComEd, Pepco, and ACE customers have the choice to purchase electricity , and PECO, BGE, and DPL customers have the choice
to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. The Utility Registrants remain
the distribut ion service providers for all customers and are obligated to deliver electricity and natural gas to customers in their
respective service territo ries while charging a regulated rate for distribution service. In addition , the Utility Registrants also retain
significant default service obligations to provide electricity to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not
choose a competitive electric generation supplier . PECO and BGE also retain significant default service obligations to provide
natural gas to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose a competitive natural gas supplier .
For natural gas, DPL  does not retain default service obligations for its residential customers.
For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, the Utility Registrants act as
the billing agent and therefore do not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity
and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from a Utility Registrant, the Utility
Registrants are permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs without mark-up and therefore record equal
and offsettin g amounts of Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas.
As a result, fluctuations in electricity or natural gas sales and procurement costs have no impact on the Utility Registrants’  Net
Income.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEM ENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS,
Results of Operations and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements for additional
information regarding electric and natural gas distribution services.
Procurement of Electricity and Natural Gas
The Utility Registrants' electric supply for its customers is primarily procured through contracts as required by their respective state
commissions. The Utility Registrants procure electricity supply from various approved bidders, including Generation. RTO spot
market purchases and sales are utilized to balance the utility electric load and supply as required. Charges incurred for electric
supply procured through contracts with Generation are included in Purchased power from affiliates on the Utility Registrants'
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
17
Table of Contents
PECO's, BGE’ s, and DPL's natural gas supplies are purchased from a number of suppliers for terms of up to three years. PECO,
BGE, and DPL have annual firm supply and transportation contracts of 132,000 mmcf, 264,000 mmcf and 61,000 mmcf,
respectively . In addition, to supplement gas supply at times of heavy winter demands and in the event of temporary emergencies,
PECO, BGE, and DPL  have available storage capacity from the following sources:
Peak Natural Gas Sources (in mmcf)
LNG Facility Propane-Air PlantUnderground Storage Service
Agreements
PECO 1,200 150 19,400 
BGE 1,056 550 22,000 
DPL 250 N/A 3,900 
___________
(a)Natural gas from underground storage represents approximately 28%, 20%, and 33% of PECO's, BGE’s, and DPL's 2020-2021 heating season
planned supplies, respectively.
PECO, BGE , and DPL have long-term interstate pipeline contracts and also participate in the interstate markets by releasing pipeline
capacity or bundling pipeline capacity with gas for off-system sales. Off-system gas sales are low-margin direct sales of gas to
wholesale suppliers of natural gas. Earnings from these activities are shared between the utilitie s and customers. PECO, BGE, and
DPL make these sales as part of a program to balance its supply and cost of natural gas. The off-system gas sales are not material
to PECO, BGE, and DPL.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK, Commodity Price Risk (All
Registrants), for additional information regarding Utility Registrants' contracts to procure electric supply and natural gas.
Energy Ef ficiency Programs
The Utility Registrants are generally allowed to recover costs associated with the energy efficiency and demand response programs
they offer. Each commission approved program  seeks to meet mandated electric consumption reduction targets and implement
demand response meas ures to reduce peak demand. The programs are designed to meet standards required by each respective
regulatory agency .
ComEd is allowed to earn a return on its energy efficiency costs. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Capital Investment
The Utility Registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments, primarily in electric transmission and
distribution and natural gas transportation and distribution facilities, to ensure the adequate capacity , reliability , and efficiency of their
systems. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS, Liquidity and Capital Resources, for additional information regarding projected 2021 capital expenditures.
Transmission Services
Under FERC’ s open access transmission policy , the Utility Registrants, as owners of transmission facilities, are required to provide
open access  to their transmission facilities under filed tariffs at cost-based rates approved by FERC. The Utility Registrants and their
affiliates are required to comply with FERC’ s Standards of Conduct regulation governing the communication of non-public
transmission information between the transmission owner ’s employees and wholesale merchant employees.
PJM is the regional grid operator and operates pursuant to FERC-approved tariffs. PJM is the transmission provider under , and the
administrator of, the PJM Open Access Transmis sion Tariff (PJM Tariff). PJM operates the PJM energy , capacity , and other markets,
and, through central dispatch, controls the day-to-day operations of the bulk power system for the region. The Utility Registrants are
members of PJM and provide regional transmission service pursuant to the PJM Tariff. The Utility Registrants and the other
transmission owners in PJM have turned over control of certain of their transmission facilities to PJM, and their transmission systems
are under the dispatch control of PJM. Under the PJM Tariff, transmission service is provided on a region-wide, open- (a)
18
Table of Contents
access basis using the transmission facilities of the PJM transmission owners at rates based on the costs of transmission service.
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are established based on a formula that was initially approved by FERC as shown below:
Approval Date
ComEd January 2008
PECO December 2019
BGE April 2006
Pepco April 2006
DPL April 2006
ACE April 2006
Employees
The Registrants strive to create a workplace that is diverse, innovative, and safe for their employees. In order to provide the services
and products that their customers expect, the Registrants must create the best teams. These teams must reflect the diversity of the
communities that the Registrants serve. Therefo re, the Registrants strive to attract highly qualif ied and diverse talent and routinely
review their hiring and promotion practices to ensure they maintain equitable and bias free proce sses to neutralize any unconscious
bias. The Registrants provide growth opportunities, competitive compensation and benefi ts, and a variety of training and
development programs. The Registrants are committed to helping employees grow their skills and careers largely through numerous
training opportunities in technical, safety and business acumen areas, mentorship program s, and continuous feedback and
development discussion s and evaluations. Employees are encouraged to thrive outside the workplace as well. The Registrants
provide a full suite of wellness benefits targeted at supporting work-life balance, physical, mental and financial health, and industry-
leading paid leave policies.
The Registra nts conduct an employee engagement survey every other year to help identify their successes and areas where they
can grow . The survey results are reviewed with senior management and the Exelon Board of Directors.
Diversity Metrics
The following tables show diversity metrics for all employees and management as of December 31, 2020:
Employees Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Female 7,993 2,492 1,517 727 765 1,281 366 154 121 
People of Color 9,298 2,083 2,432 890 1,067 1,748 898 194 139 
Aged <30 3,268 1,363 625 279 273 425 183 85 62 
Aged 30-50 17,119 6,712 3,491 1,292 1,694 2,207 756 466 369 
Aged >50 11,953 4,407 2,138 1,227 1,172 1,594 517 385 219 
Total Employees 32,340 12,482 6,254 2,798 3,139 4,226 1,456 936 650 
Management Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Female 1,175 299 209 112 112 177 46 14 19 
People of Color 1,132 220 276 104 132 232 112 27 14 
Aged <30 78 51 4 5 3 11 3 4 — 
Aged 30-50 2,790 1,220 441 137 238 341 102 59 47 
Aged >50 2,219 841 369 213 170 277 73 63 34 
Within 10 years of
retirement eligibility 2,936 1,113 487 250 235 370 95 82 46 
Total Employees in
Management 5,087 2,112 814 355 411 629 178 126 81 (a) (b)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a) (b)
(b)
(c)
19
Table of Contents
 __________
(a)The Registrants are devoted to creating an environment that allows women to stay in the workforce, grow with the company, and move up the
ranks, all with parity of pay. Exelon employs an independent third-party vendor to run regression analysis on all management positions each
year. The analysis consistently shows that the Registrants have no systemic pay equity issues.
(b)This is based on self-disclosed information.
(c)Total employees represents the sum of the aged categories.
(d)Management is defined as executive/senior level officials and managers as well as all employees who have direct reports and supervisory
responsibilities.
Turnover Rates
As turnover is inherent,  management succession planning is performed and tracked for all executives and critical key manager
positions. Management frequently reviews succession planning to ensure the Registrants are prepared when positions become
available.
The table below shows the average turnover rate for all employees for the last three years of 2018 to 2020:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Retirement Age 4.13 % 4.80 % 3.69 % 2.64 % 3.64 % 4.31 % 4.90 % 3.70 % 3.37 %
Voluntary 2.87 % 3.88 % 1.37 % 1.55 % 1.37 % 2.18 % 2.51 % 1.10 % 1.21 %
Non-V oluntary 0.97 % 0.86 % 0.61 % 1.15 % 0.97 % 0.94 % 1.78 % 0.25 % 0.63 %
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Approximately 37% of Exelon’ s employees participate in CBAs. The following table presents employee information, including
information about CBAs, as of December 31, 2020:
Total Employees Covered
by CBAs Number of CBAsCBAs New and Renewed in
2020Total Employees Under CBAs
New and Renewed
in 2020
Exelon 11,964 32 11 1,715 
Generation 3,418 22 8 1,001 
ComEd 3,476 2 1 71 
PECO 1,350 2 — — 
BGE 1,423 1 — — 
PHI 2,203 5 2 626 
Pepco 954 1 — — 
DPL 626 2 2 626 
ACE 390 2 — — 
 __________
(a)Does not include CBAs that were extended in 2020 while negotiations are ongoing for renewal.
Environmental Regulation
General
The Registra nts are subject to comprehensive and complex environmental legislation and regulation at the federal, state, and local
levels, includ ing requirements relating to climate change, air and water quality , solid and hazard ous waste, and impacts on species
and habitats.
The Exelon Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the management of environmental matters. Exelon has a management
team to address environ mental compliance and strategy , including the CEO; the Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Chief
Innovation and Sustainability Officer; the Senio r Vice President, Competitive Market Policy; and the Vice President, Corporate
Environmental Strategy , as well as senior management of the Registrants. Performance of those individuals directly involved in
environmental compliance and strategy is reviewed and affects compensation as part of the annual individual performance review
process. The Exelon Board of Directors has delegated to its Generation Oversight Committee and the Corporate(a)
20
Table of Contents
Governance Committee the authority to oversee Exelon’ s compliance with health, environmental, and safety laws and regulations
and its strategies and efforts to protect and improve the quality of the environment, including Exelon’ s internal climate change and
sustainability policies and programs, as discuss ed in further detail below . The respective Board s of the Utility Registrants oversee
environmental, health, and safety issues related to these companies.
Climate Change Mitigation
Exelon supports comprehensive federal climate  legislation, including a cap-and-trade program for GHG emissions that addresses
the urgent need to subst antially reduce national GHG emissions while providing appropriate protections for consumers, businesses,
and the economy . In the absence of comprehensive federal legislation, Exelon supports EPA moving forward with meaningful
regulation of GHG emissions under the Clean Air Act.
The Registrants currently are subject to, and may become subject to additional, federal and/or state legislation and/or regulations
addressing GHG emissio ns. Generation produces electricity predominantly from low- and zero-carbon generating facilities (such as
nuclear , hydroelectric, natural gas, wind, and solar PV) and neither owns nor operates any coal-fueled generating assets.
Generation’ s natural gas and biomass fired generating plants produce GHG emissions, most notably CO2. However , Generation’ s
owned-asset emission intensity , or rate of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO e) emitted per unit of electricity generated, is among the
lowest in the industry .
Other GHG emission sources associated with the Utility Registrants include natural gas (methane) leakage on the natural gas
systems, sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) leakage from electric transmission and distribution operation s, refrigerant leakage from chilling
and cooling equipment, and fossil fuel combusti on in motor vehicles. In addition, PECO, BGE, and DPL distribute natural gas and
Generation sells natural gas at retail; and consumers’  use of such natural gas produces GHG emissions.
International Climate Change Agreements . At the international level, the United States is a party to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). The Parties to the UNFCCC adopted the Paris Agreement at the 21st session of the
UNFCCC Conference of the Parties (COP  21) on December 12, 2015. Under the Agreement, which became effective on November
4, 2016, the parties committed to try to limit the global average temperature increase and to develop national GHG reduction
commitments. On November 4, 2020, the United States formally withdrew from the Paris Agree ment, retracting its commitment to
reduce dome stic GHG emissions by 26%-28% by 2025 compared with 2005 levels. However , on January 20, 2021, President Biden
accepted the Paris Agreement, which resulted in the United States’  formal re-entry on February 19, 2021. The Biden administration
has announced its intent to pursue ambitious GHG reductions in the United States and internationally .
Federal Climate Change Legislation and Regulation . It is highly uncertain whether federal legislation to significantly reduce GHG
emissions will be enacted in the near-term. If such legislation were adopted, it would likely increase the value of Exelon's low-carbon
fleet even though Exelo n may incur costs either to further limit or offset the GHG emissions from its operations or to procure
emission allowances or credits. Continued inaction could negatively impact the value of Exelon’ s low-carbon fleet.
The Clean Power Plan  and Affordable Clean  Energy Rule.  The EPA’s 2015 Clean Powe r Plan (CPP) establish ed regulations
addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil-fired power plants under Clean Air Act Section 111(d). The CPP’ s carbon
pollution limits could be met through changes to the electric generation system, including shifting generation from higher-emitting
units to lower- or zero-emitting units, as well as the development of new or expanded zero-emissions generation. In July 2019, the
EPA published its final Affordable Clean Energy rule, which repealed the CPP and replaced it with less stringent emissions
guidelines for existing fossil-fired power plants based on heat rate improvement measures that could be achieved within the fence
line of individual plants. Exelon, together with a coalition of other electric utilities, filed a lawsuit in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
D.C. Circuit on September 6, 2019, challenging the Affordable Clean Energy rule as unlawful. This lawsuit was consolidated with
separate challenges to the Affordable Clean Energy rule filed by various states, non-governmental organizations, and business
coalitions. On January 19, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit held the Affordable Clean Energy Rule to be unlawful,
vacated the rule, and remanded it to the EPA. The EPA has indicated it will promulgate new GHG limits for existing power plants in
accordance with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit's order .2
21
Table of Contents
State Clima te Change Legislation and Regulation . A number of states in which the Registrants operate have state and regional
programs to reduce GHG emissions and renewable and other portfolio standards, which impact the power sector . See discussion
below for additional information on renewable and other portfolio standards. As the nation’ s largest generator of carbon-free
electricity , Generation’ s fleet supports these ef forts to produce safe, reliable electricity with minimal GHGs.
Eleven northeast and mid-Atlantic states (Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey ,
New York, Rhode Islan d, Vermont, and Virginia) currently participate in the RGGI, which is in the process of strengthening its
requirements. The program requires most fossil fuel-fired power plants in the region to hold allowances, purchased at auction, for
each ton of CO2 emissions. Non-emitting resources do not have to purchase or hold these allowances. In October 2019, the
Governor of Pennsylvan ia issued an Executive Order directing the PA DEP to begin a rulemakin g process to allow Pennsylvania to
join the RGGI, with the goal of reducing carbon emissions from the electricity sector . On November 7, 2020, the PA DEP proposed
its rule.
Broader state programs impact other sectors as well, such as New York’s Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act, which
establishes statewide emission limits; and Massachusetts’  Clean Energy and Climate Plan, which aims to reduce GHG emissions
across all sectors through increased efficiency in buildings and vehicles, the electrification of vehicles and thermal conditioning in
buildings, and the replacement of carbon intensive fuels with renewable energy sources.
While the Registrants cannot predict the nature of future regulations or how such regulations might impact future financial
statements, Generation has a low emission portfolio, and GHG restrictions would likely benefit zero- and low-emission generating
units relative to higher-emission fossil fuel-fired generating units.
In addition, Exelon facilities and operations are subject to the global impacts of climate change. Exelon believes its operations could
be significantly af fected by the physical risks of climate change. See ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS for additional information.
Renewable and Clean Energy Standards
Thirty states and the District of Columbia, incorp orating the vast majority of states where Exelon  operates, have adopted some form
of renewable or clean energy procurement requirement. These standards impose varying levels of mandates for procurement of
renewable or clean electricity (the definition of which varies by state) and/or energy efficiency . These are generally expressed as a
percentage of annual electric load, often increasing by year. The Utility Registrants comply with these various requirements through
purchasing qualifying renewables, implementing efficiency programs, acquiring sufficient credits (e.g., RECs), paying an alternative
compliance payment, and/or a combination of these compliance alternatives. The Utility Registrants are permitted to recover from
retail custom ers the costs of complying with their state RPS requirements, including the procur ement of RECs or other alternative
energy resources. Illinois, New York, and New Jersey adopted standards targeted at preserving the zero-carbon attributes of certain
nuclear-powered generating facilities. Generatio n owns multiple facilities participating in these programs within these states. Other
states in which Exelon operates are considering similar programs.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Air Quality
Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS). In 2011, the EPA signed a final rule, known as MATS, to reduce emissions of
hazardous air pollutants from power plants. MATS requires coal-fired power plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury , acid
gases, and other metals , and to make capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. In
2016, in response to a Supreme Court decision requiring the EPA to consider costs in determin ing whether it was appropriate and
necessary to regulate power plant emissions of hazardous air pollutants, the EPA issued a supplemental finding that, after
considering costs, it remained appropriate and necessary . On May 22, 2020, the EPA rever sed course, publishing a final rule
revoking the "appropriate and necessary" finding underpinning MATS. A coal mining company filed a lawsuit in the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the D.C. Circuit seeking vacatur of MATS based on the EPA’s May 22, 2020 finding; on September 11, 2020, the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit granted a motion by Exelon and two other
22
Table of Contents
entities to intervene in that lawsuit to defend MATS, and on September 28, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit
issued an Executive Order holding this portion of the MATS litigation in abeyance. On July 21, 2020, Exelon and two other entities
filed a lawsu it in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit challenging the EPA’s May 22, 2020 rescission of the appropriate and
necessary finding under pinning MATS. This portion of the case is also being held in abeyance in response to the DOJ’ s motion filed
February 12, 2021. On January 20, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order directing the EPA to reconsi der its May 22,
2020 recission by Augus t 2021; the EPA will likely re-affirm the finding that it is appropriate and necessary to regulate power plant
emissions of hazardous air pollutants. As a result, this litigation is likely to be rendered moot, and MATS will likely remain in place in
the interim.
Water Quality
Under the federal Clean Water Act, NPDES permits for discharges into waterways are required to be obtained from the EPA or from
the state environmental agency to which the permit program has been delegated, and permits must be renewed periodically . Certain
of Exelon's facilities discharge stormwater , industrial wastewater , and/or cooling water into waterways and are therefore subject to
these regulations and operate under NPDES permits.
Clean Water Act Section 316(b) is implemented through the NDPES program and requires that the cooling water intake structures at
electric power plants reflect the best technology available to minimize adverse environmental impacts. Generation’ s power
generation facilities with cooling water intake systems are subject to the EPA’s Section 316(b ) regulations finalized in 2014; the
regulation’ s requirement s have been or will be addressed through renewal of these facilities’  NPDES permits. Until the compliance
requirements are determined by the applicable state permitting director on a site-specific basis for each plant, Generation cannot
estimate the effect that compliance with the EPA’s 2014 rule will have on the operation of its generating facilities and its financial
statements. Should a state permitting director determine that a facility must install cooling towers to comply with the rule, that
facility’ s economic viability could be called into question. However , the final rule does not mand ate cooling towers and allows state
permitting directors to require alternative, less costly technologies and/or operational measures, based on a site-specific assessment
of the feasibility , costs, and benefits of available options.
On July 28, 2016, the NJDEP  issued a final permit for Salem that did not require the installation of cooling towers and allows Salem
to continue to operate utilizing the existing cooling water system with certain required system modifications. However , the permit is
being challenged by an environmental organi zation, and if successful, could result in additional costs for Clean Water Act
compliance. Potential cooling water system modification costs could be material and could adversely impact the economic
competitiveness of this facility .
Under Clean  Water Act Section 404 and state laws and regulations, the Registrants may be required to obtain permits for projects
involving dredge or fill activities in W aters of the United States.
Where Regis trants’  facilities are required to secure a federal license or permit for activities that may result in a discharge to covered
waters, they may be required to obtain a state water quality certification under Clean W ater Act section 401.
Generation is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware River Basin Commission and the Susquehanna River Basin
Commission, regional agencies that primarily regulate water usage.
Solid and Hazardous Waste and Environmental Remediation
CERCLA  provides for response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of hazardous
substances and authorizes the EPA either to clean up sites at which hazardous substances have created actual or potential
environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under CERCLA, generators and transporters of
hazardous substances, as well as past and present owners and operators of hazardous waste sites, are strictly , jointly and severally
liable for the cleanup costs of hazardous waste at sites, many of which are listed by the EPA on the National Priorities List (NPL).
These PRPs  can be ordered to perform a cleanup, can be sued for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup, may voluntarily
settle with the EPA concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or may voluntarily begin a site investigation and site remediation under
state oversight. Most states have also enacted statutes that contain provisions substantially similar to CERCLA. Such statutes apply
in many states where the Registrants currently own or
23
Table of Contents
operate, or previously owned or operated, facilities, including Delaware, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey , and Pennsylvania and the
District of Columbia. In addition, RCRA  governs treatment, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and cleanup of sites
where such activities were conducted.
The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expend itures in order to comply with these
Federal and state environmental laws. Under these laws, the Registrants may be liable for the costs of remediating environmental
contamination of property now or formerly owne d by them and of property contaminated by hazardous substances generated by
them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate parcels, including parcels on which their operations or the operations of
others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under environmental laws. The Registrants
and their subsidiaries are, or could become in the future, parties to proceedings initiated by the EPA, state agencies, and/or other
responsible parties under CERCLA  and RCRA  or similar state laws with respect to a number of sites or may undertake to investigate
and remediate sites for which they may be subject to enforcement actions by an agency or third-party .
ComEd’ s and PECO’ s environmental liabilities primarily arise from contamination at former MGP  sites. ComEd, pursuant to an ICC
order , and PECO, pursu ant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, have an on-going process to
recover environmental remediation costs of the MGP sites through a provision within customer rates. BGE, ACE, Pepco, and DPL do
not have material contin gent liabilities relating to MGP  sites. The amount to be expended in 2021 for compliance with environmental
remediation related to contamination at former MGP  sites and other gas purification sites is estimated to be approximately $35
million which consists primarily of $30 million at ComEd.
As of December 31, 2020, the Registrants have established appropriate contingent liabilities for environmental remediation
requirements. In addition, the Registrants may be required to make significant additional expenditures not presently determinable for
other environmental remediation costs.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Registrants’  environmental matters, remediation efforts, and related
impacts to the Registrants’  Consolidated Financial Statements.
24
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers as of February 24, 2021
Exelon
Name AgePosition Period
Crane, Christopher M. 62 Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon; 2012 - Present
President, Exelon 2008 - Present
Cornew , Kenneth W . 55 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer,
Exelon;2013 - Present
President and CEO, Generation 2013 - Present
Butler , Calvin G. 51 Senior Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive
Officer, Exelon Utilities2019 - Present
Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2014 - 2019
Dominguez, Joseph 58 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd 2018 - Present
Executive V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs
and Public Policy , Exelon2015 - 2018
Glockner , David 60 Executive V ice President, Compliance and Audit, Exelon 2020 - Present
Chief Compliance Of ficer, Citadel LLC 2017 - 2020
Regional Director , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 2013 - 2017
Hanson, Bryan C. 55 Executive V ice President and Chief Generation Of ficer,
Generation2020 - Present
President and Chief Nuclear Of ficer, Exelon Nuclear; Senior
Vice President, Generation2015 - 2020
Innocenzo, Michael A. 55 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2012 - 2018
Khouzami, Carim V . 45 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2019 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2019
Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2016 - 2018
Senior V ice President, Chief Integration Of ficer, Exelon 2014 - 2016
Velazquez, David M. 61 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI 2016 - Present
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Pepco, DPL, and ACE 2009 - Present
Executive V ice President, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2009 - 2016
Von Hoene Jr ., William A. 67 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Strategy Of ficer,
Exelon2012 - Present
25
Table of Contents
Name AgePosition Period
Nigro, Joseph 56 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer,
Exelon2018 - Present
Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation2013 - 2018
Souza, Fabian E. 50 Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller , Exelon 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Deputy Controller , Exelon 2017 - 2018
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Of ficer, The
AES Corporation2015 - 2017
Generation
Name AgePosition Period
Crane, Christopher M. 62 Principle Executive Of ficer, Generation 2020 - Present
Chief Executive Of ficer, Exelon; 2012 - Present
President, Exelon 2008 - Present
Cornew , Kenneth W . 55 Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Commercial Of ficer,
Exelon;2013 - Present
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Generation 2013 - Present
Swahl, William 51 Senior V ice President, Generation; Chief Operating Of ficer,
Exelon Power2021 - Present
Vice President, Generation; V ice President, Mid-Atlantic
Operations, Exelon Power2014 - 2020
Hanson, Bryan C. 55 Executive V ice President and Chief Generation Of ficer,
Generation2020 - Present
President and Chief Nuclear Of ficer, Exelon Nuclear , Senior
Vice President, Generation2015 - 2020
McHugh, James 49 Executive V ice President, Exelon; Chief Executive Of ficer,
Constellation2018 - Present
Senior V ice President, Portfolio Management & Strategy ,
Constellation2016 - 2018
Vice President, Portfolio Management, Constellation 2012 - 2016
Rhoades, David 54 Senior V ice President, Generation; President and Chief Nuclear
Officer, Exelon Nuclear2020 - Present
Chief Operating Of ficer, Fleet Operations, Exelon Nuclear 2015 - 2020
Wright, Bryan P . 54 Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, Generation 2013 - Present
Bauer , Matthew N. 44 Vice President and Controller , Generation 2016 - Present
Vice President and Controller , BGE 2014 - 2016
26
Table of Contents
ComEd
Name AgePosition Period
Dominguez, Joseph 58 Chief Executive Of ficer, ComEd 2018 - Present
Executive V ice President, Governmental & Regulatory Affairs
and Public Policy , Exelon2015 - 2018
Donnelly , Terence R. 60 President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd 2018 - Present
Executive V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, ComEd 2012 - 2018
Jones, Jeanne M. 41 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
ComEd2018 - Present
Vice President, Finance, Exelon Nuclear 2014 - 2018
Park, Jane 48 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, ComEd 2018 - Present
Vice President, Regulatory Policy & Strategy , ComEd 2016 - 2018
Director , Business Strategy & Technology , ComEd 2014 - 2016
Gomez, V eronica 51 Senior V ice President, Regulatory and Energy Policy and
General Counsel, ComEd2017 - Present
Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Litigation, Exelon 2012 - 2017
Washington, Melissa 51 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
ComEd2019 - Present
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, ComEd 2019 -2019
Vice President, External Affairs and Large Customer Services,
ComEd2016 - 2019
Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Exelon Business Services
Company2014 - 2016
Perez, David 51 Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd 2019 - Present
Vice President, Transmission and Substation, ComEd 2016 - 2019
Vice President, Regional Operations, ComEd 2010 - 2016
27
Table of Contents
PECO
Name AgePosition Period
Innocenzo, Michael A. 55 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2012 - 2018
McDonald, John 63 Senior V ice President and Chief Operations Of ficer, PECO 2018 - Present
Vice President, Integration, PHI 2016 - 2018
Vice President, Technical Services 2006 - 2016
Stefani, Robert J. 47 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PECO2018 - Present
Vice President, Corporate Development, Exelon 2015 - 2018
Murphy , Elizabeth A. 61 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs,
PECO2016 - Present
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO 2012 - 2016
Webster Jr ., Richard G. 59 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PECO 2012 - Present
Williamson, Olufunmilayo 42 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PECO 2020 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Commercial Risk Of ficer, Exelon 2017 - 2020
Vice President, Commercial Risk Management, Exelon 2015 - 2017
Gay, Anthony 55 Vice President and General Counsel, PECO 2019 - Present
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, PECO 2016 - 2019
Associate General Counsel, Exelon 2010 - 2016
28
Table of Contents
BGE
Name AgePosition Period
Khouzami, Carim V . 45 Chief Executive Of ficer, BGE 2019 - Present
Senior V ice President, Chief Operating Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2018 - 2019
Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer, Exelon Utilities 2016 - 2018
Senior V ice President, Chief Integration Of ficer, Exelon 2014 - 2016
Woerner , Stephen J. 53 President, BGE 2014 - Present
Chief Operating Of ficer, BGE 2012 - Present
Vahos, David M. 48 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
BGE2016 - Present
Vice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer , BGE 2014 - 2016
Núñez, Alexander G. 49 Senior V ice President, Regulatory Affairs and Strategy , BGE 2020 - Present
Senior V ice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, BGE 2016 - 2020
Vice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE 2013 - 2016
Case, Mark D. 59 Vice President, Strategy and Regulatory Affairs, BGE 2012 - Present
Oddoye, Rodney 44 Senior V ice President, Governmental and External Affairs, BGE 2020 - Present
Vice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2018 - 2020
Director , Northeast Regional Electric Operations, BGE 2016 - 2018
Director , Financial Operations, BGE 2015 - 2016
Olivier , Tamla 48 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, BGE 2020 - Present
Senior V ice President, Constellation NewEnergy , Inc. 2016 - 2020
VP, Human Resources, Exelon Business Services Company 2012 - 2016
Corse, John 60 Vice President and General Counsel, BGE 2018 - Present
Associate General Counsel, Exelon 2012 - 2018
29
Table of Contents
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Name AgePosition Period
Velazquez, David M. 61 President and Chief Executive Of ficer, PHI 2016 - Present
Executive V ice President, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2009 - 2016
President and Chief Executive Of ficer, Pepco, DPL, and ACE 2009 - Present
Anthony , J. Tyler 56 Senior V ice President and Chief Operating Of ficer, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - Present
Senior V ice President, Distribution Operations, ComEd 2010 - 2016
Barnett, Phillip S. 57 Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer ,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE2018 - Present
Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer, PECO 2007 - 2018
Treasurer , PECO 2012 - 2018
Lavinson, Melissa 51 Senior V ice President, Governmental & External Affairs, PHI,
Pepco, DPL, and ACE2018 - Present
Vice President, Federal Affairs and Policy and Chief
Sustainability Of ficer, PG&E Corporation2015 - 2018
Stark, W endy E. 48 Senior V ice President, Legal and Regulatory Strategy and
General Counsel, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE2019 - Present
Vice President and General Counsel, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE2016 - 2018
Deputy General Counsel, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2012 - 2016
McGowan, Kevin M. 59 Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE2016 - Present
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Pepco Holdings, Inc. 2012 - 2016
Dickens, Derrick 56 Senior V ice President, Customer Operations, PHI 2020 - Present
Vice President, Technical Services, BGE 2016 - 2020
Director , Advanced Meter Infrastructure, PECO 2012 - 2016
Humphrey , Marissa 41Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Strategy , PHI, DPL, and
ACE2021 - Present
Vice President Finance, Exelon Utilities 2019 - 2020
Vice President, Finance, PHI 2016 - 2019
ITEM 1A. RISK F ACTORS
Each of the Registrants operates in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are
beyond that Registrant’ s direct control. Such risks, which could negatively affect one or more of the Registrants’  consolidated
financial statements, fall primarily under the categories below:
Market and Financial Factors  primarily include:
•the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which af fects power prices,
•the generation resources in the markets in which the Registrants operate,
•the demand for electricity , reliability of service, and affordability in the markets where the Registrants conduct their
business,
30
Table of Contents
•the ability of the Registr ants to operate their respective generating and transmission and distribu tion assets, their ability to
access capit al markets, and the impacts on their results of operations due to the global outbreak (pandemic) of the 2019
novel coronavirus (COVID-19),
•the impacts of on-going competition, and
•emerging technologies and business models, including those related to climate change mitigation and transition to a low
carbon economy .
Regulatory , Legislative, and Legal Factors  primarily include changes to, and compliance with, the laws and regulations that
govern:
•the design of power markets,
•ZEC programs,
•utility regulatory business models,
•environmental and climate policy , and
•tax policy .
Operational Factors  primarily include:
•changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put the Registrant’ s facilities at risk, and
such changes could also af fect the levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services,
•the safe, secure, and effective operation of Generation’ s nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the
associated decommissioning obligations,
•the ability of the Registr ants to maintain the reliability , resiliency , and safety of their energy delivery systems, which could
affect the operating costs of the Registrants and the opinions of their customers and regulators, and
•physical and cyber secu rity risks for the Registrants as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution
facilities and as participants in commodities trading.
Risks Related to the Planned Separation primarily include:
•the timing and conditions associated with required regulatory approvals, which may affect the costs to achieve the
separation and its timing,
•challenges to achieving the benefits of separation, including maintaining investment grade credit ratings, and
•the risk that the separation could be treated as a taxable transaction to both Exelon and its shareholders.
There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by the Registrants to be
material that could negatively af fect its consolidated financial statements in the future.
Market and Financial Factors
Generation is exposed to price volatility associated with both the wholesale and retail power markets and the
procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel (Exelon and Generation).
Generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity gener ation supply portfolio. Generation’ s
earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates.
31
Table of Contents
Price of Fuels. The spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next
unit of electr icity to the market during that hour. Thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel
used to generate the electricity unit.
Demand and Supply . The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available
supply of electricity . Unfavorable economic cond itions, milder than normal weather , and the growth of energy efficiency and demand
response programs could each depress demand. In addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity could often exceed demand
during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as Generation's nuclear plants.
Conversely , new demand sources such as electrification of transportation could increase demand and change demand patterns.
Retail Competition. Generation’ s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins
that Generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. In periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low
market volatility , retail competitors can aggressi vely pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale
generators (including Generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
The impact of sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could be emphasized given Generation’ s
concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the Midwest and the
Mid-Atlantic. These impacts could adversely affect Generation’ s ability to fund regulated utility growth for the benefit of customers,
reduce debt and provide attractive shareholder returns. In addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation
of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect Generation's financial statements primarily through accelerated
depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements  of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Cost of Fuel.  Generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. The supply markets for
nuclear fuel, natural gas, and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions, and counterparty default.
Market Designs. The wholesa le markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices, and procedures. Changes in these
market rules, problems with rule implementation , or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect Generation’ s business. In
addition, a significant decrease in market participation could af fect market liquidity and have a detrimental ef fect on market stability .
The Registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the
energy industry (All Registrants).
Some of these technologies include, but are not limited to, further development or applications of technologies related to shale gas
production, renewable energy technologies, energy efficiency , distributed generation, and energy storage devices. Such
developments could affect the price of energy , levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations, and current business
models and make portio ns of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end
of their useful lives. Such technologies could also result in further declines in commodit y prices or demand for delivered
energy . Each of these factors could affect the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements through, among other things, reduced
operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment
charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of NDT funds and employee benefit plan
assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant
additional funding (All Registrants).
Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular business es and the greater economy could
adversely affect the value of the investments held within Generation’ s NDTs and Exelon’ s employee benefit plan trusts. The
Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and Exelon and Generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet
those obligations. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the
Registrants’  projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments could increase Generation’ s funding
requirements to
32
Table of Contents
decommission its nuclear plants. A decline in the market value of the pension and OPEB plan assets would increase the funding
requirements associated with Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan obligations. Additionally , Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan liabilities
are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and
funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy
assumptions or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding
requirements of the obligations related to the pension and OPEB plans. See Note 10 — Asset Retire ment Obligations and Note 15
— Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in
commodity markets (All Registrants).
The Registra nts rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper
markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the
United State s or abroad could negatively affect the Registrants’  ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank
revolving credit facilities . The banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience
shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. The
inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of
uncertainty , changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the
deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, Generation’ s ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, changes to
Generation’ s hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other
discretionary uses of cash. In addition, the Registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe, Canada,
and Asia. Disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict the Registrants’  ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity
at reasonable terms. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 23%, 19%, and 18% of the Regis trants’  available credit facilities were
with European, Canadian, and Asian banks, respectively . See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
The strength and depth of competition in energ y markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which
could be negatively affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect
participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the
energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of
the Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater
regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power , including the
requirement of long-term contracts.
If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or
otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to
provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience
higher borrowing costs (All Registrants).
Generation’ s business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their
obligations. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt
rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements
to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity . The amount
of collateral required to be provided by Genera tion at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional
amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other
commodity prices. In addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the
downgrade. Changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of
Generation.
Generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those
financings. Failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived,
could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated
33
Table of Contents
debt or other borrowings  earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders
would generally have broad remedies, including  rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force the
Exelon subs idiaries in the project-specific financings to enter into bankruptcy proceedings. The impact of bankruptcy could result in
the impairment of certain project assets.
The Utility Registrants' operating agreements with PJM and PECO's, BGE's, and DPL's natural gas procurement contracts contain
collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and
the Utility Registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would
be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their
remaining sources of liquidity . PJM collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as
market price s fall. Collateral posting requiremen ts for PECO, BGE, and DPL, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will
generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. If the Utility Registrants were
downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. In addition, changes in ratings
methodologies by the agencies could also have an adverse negative impact on the ratings of the Utility Registrants.
The Utility Registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and
procedures intended to assure that the Utility Registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and
other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the Utility Registrants from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial
difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary . These measures (commonly referred to as “ring-fencing”) could help avoid or limit a
downgrade in the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ring-
fencing measures, the credit ratings of the Utility Registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon.
Consequently , a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the Utility
Registrants. A reduction in the credit rating of a Utility Registrant could have a material adverse ef fect on the Utility Registrant.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS —
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Matters — Market Conditions and Security Ratings for additional information regarding the
potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’  cash flows.
Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading
activities (Exelon and Generation).
Generation’ s asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement, and other commodity trading activities
expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into
financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’ s power generation  portfolio. Generation is exposed to
volatility in financial results for unhedged positi ons as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. Generation attempts to manage this
exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management
procedures may not work as planned and cann ot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and
procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future  performance, results of operations
could be diminished if the judgments and assu mptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future
prices and demand for power and other energy- related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become
less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity
trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its consolidated financial statements.
Financial performance and load requirements could be negatively affected if Generation is unable to effectively
manage its power portfolio (Exelon and Generation).
A significant  portion of Generation’ s power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the Utility Registrants
and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’ s output is sold in the
wholesale power markets. To the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the
related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’ s financial results could be
negatively affected if it is unable to cost-ef fectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio or
effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
34
Table of Contents
The impacts of significant economic downturns or increases in customer rates, could lead to decreased
volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances (All Registrants).
The impacts of significant economic downturns on the Utility Registrants' customers, such as less demand for products and services
provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, could
result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances. Further , increases in customer rates, including those related
to increases  in purchased power and natural gas prices, could result in declines in customer usage and lower revenues for the Utility
Registrants that do not have decoupling mechanisms.
Generation's customer-f acing energy delivery activities face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and
increased expense for uncollectible customer balances.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK for additional information of the
Registrants’  credit risk.
The Registrants' results could be negatively affected by the impacts of COVID-19 (All Registrants).
COVID-19 is an evolving situation that could lead to extended disruption of economic activity in the Registrants’  respective markets.
COVID-19 could negativ ely affect the Registran ts’ ability to operate their respective generating and transmission and distribution
assets, their ability to access capital markets, and their results of operations. The Registrants cannot predict the extent of the
impacts of COVID-19, which will depend on future developments and which are highly uncertain. See Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS - Executive Overview for additional
information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather (All Registrants).
Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities.
Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and
temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate
temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at PECO, DPL Delaware, and ACE. Due to revenue
decoupling, BGE, Pepco, and DPL Maryland recognize revenues at MDPSC and DCPSC-appro ved levels per customer , regardless
of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period and are not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms.
ComEd’ s customer rates are adjusted to eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns
on distribution revenue.
Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the Utility Registrants' transmission and distribution
systems, communicatio n systems, and techno logy, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each
company’ s ability to meet peak customer deman d. First and third quarter financial results, in particular , are substantially dependent
on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
Generation’ s operations are also affected by weather , which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the
extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation could require greater resources to
meet its contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its
transmission, limiting Generation’ s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. In addition, drought-like conditions limiting
water usage  could impact Generation’ s ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity . These conditions, which cannot be
accurately predicted, could cause Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to
sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
Climate chan ge projectio ns suggest increases to summer temperature and humidity trends, as well as more erratic precipitation and
storm patterns over the long-term in the areas where Registrants have generation, transmission, and distribution assets. The
frequency in which weather conditions emerge outside the current expected climate norms could contribute to weather-related
impacts discussed above.
35
Table of Contents
Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other assets could become impaired (All Registrants).
Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the Registrants’  statements of financial position. In addition, Exelon,
ComEd, and PHI have material goodwill balances.
The Registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or
circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. Factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and
future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.
ComEd and PHI perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event
occurs or circumstances  change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying
amount. Regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market
performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s business, and
the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s, ComEd's, and PHI’ s goodwill.
An impairment would require the Registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset or goodwill to fair value through a
non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF
FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 8 — Property ,
Plant, and Equipment, Note 12 — Asset Impairments and Note 13 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on long-lived asset impairments and goodwill impairments.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under
indemnification agreements, or when the Registrants have guaranteed their performance. Generation is
exposed to other credit risks in the power markets that are beyond its control (All Registrants).
The Registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a
Registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected
by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected Registrant
could be held responsibl e for the obligations. Each of the Utility Registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third
party and in each case the transferee has agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable Utility Registrant for
such obligat ions. In connection with the restructurings under which ComEd, PECO, and BGE transferred their generating assets to
Generation, Generation assumed certain of ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, and BGE's rights and obligations with respect to their former
generation businesses. Further , ComEd, PECO, and BGE have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-
party agreed to indemnify ComEd, PECO, or BGE for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses
that have been assumed by Generation as part of the restructuring. If the third-party , Genera tion, or the transferee of Pepco's,
DPL's, or ACE’ s genera tion facilities experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became
unenforceable, the applicable Utility Registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims . In addition, the Utility Registrants
have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities.
The Registra nts have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and
sales of assets and they could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations under these indemnities.
The Registra nts have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the Registrants to perform in the event
that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, the Registrants could incur substantial
cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees.
In the bilateral markets, Generation is expose d to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money or are obligated to
purchase energy or fuel from Generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the
counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale
markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent amounts, if any, were already paid to the counterparties. In
the spot markets, Generation is
36
Table of Contents
exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily RTOs and ISOs. Generation is
also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating down grades or other financial difficulties.
In addition, Generation’ s retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve
commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. Retail credit risk results when customers
default on their contractu al obligations. This risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer ’s
account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer .
Regulatory , Legislative, and Legal Factors
Federal or state legislative or regulatory actions could negatively affect the scope and functioning of the
wholesale markets (Exelon and Generation).
Approximately 70% of Generation’ s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-
term contracts, are locat ed in the area encompassed by PJM. Generation’ s future results of operations are impacted by (1) FERC’ s
and PJM's support for policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize the value of zero-
carbon electricity and resiliency and for states' energy objectives and policies (2) the absen ce of material changes to market
structures that would limit or otherwise negativ ely affect Exelon or Generation. Generation could also be affected by state laws,
regulations, or initiatives to subsidize existing or new generation.
FERC’ s requirements for market-based rate authority could pose a risk that Generation may no longer satisfy FERC’ s tests for
market-based rates.
The Registrants’ are highly regulated and could be negatively affected by regulatory and legislative actions (All
Registrants).
Substantially all aspects of the businesses of the Registrants are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation and
legislation.
Generation’ s consolidated financial statements are significantly affected by its sales and purchases of commodities at market-based
rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates and Federal and state regulatory and legislative developments
related to emissions, climate change, capacity market mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity , and RPS.
Legislative and regulatory efforts in Illinois, New York, and New Jersey to preserve the environmental attributes and reliability
benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through ZEC programs are or could be subject to legal and
regulatory challenges and, if overturned, could result in the early retirement of certain of Generation’ s nuclear plants. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters and Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
The Utility Registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the Utility Registrants to recover
their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers.
Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the Registrants’  businesses would require changes
in their business planning models and operations. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory
proposals could become law or what their ef fect will be on the Registrants.
Changes in the Utility Registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates,
are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious,
lengthy, and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce
time delays in effectuating rate changes (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
The Utility Registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms
and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and
officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of
37
Table of Contents
energy , who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increase s or even reducing rates. Decisions
are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The potential duration of
such procee dings creates a risk that rates ultim ately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a Utility
Registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency
reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including recovery
mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, credit losses, MGP  remediation, smart grid
infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs. In certain instances, the Utility Registrants could agree to
negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives, or franchise agreements. These settlements are subject
to regulatory approval. The ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the
Utility Regist rants to recover their costs or earn an adequate return. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
NRC actions could negatively affect the operations and profitability of Generation’s nuclear generating fleet
(Exelon and Generation).
Regulatory risk. A chan ge in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a subs tantial increase in
capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as
well as those owned by Generation, could cause the NRC to initiate such actions.
Spent nucle ar fuel storage. The approva l of a nation al repository for the storage of SNF and the timing of such a facility opening,
will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse
Generation for these costs.
Any regulato ry action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF could adversely affect Generation’ s ability to fully
decommission its nuclear units. Generation cannot predict what, if any, fee may be established in the future for SNF disposal. See
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
on the SNF obligation.
The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards,
including the likely exposure of the Utility Registrants to the results of PJM’s RTEP and NERC compliance
requirements (All Registrants).
The Registrants as users, owners, and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation and the Utility
Registrants, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. PECO, BGE, and DPL, as
operators of natural gas distribution systems, are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the U.S. Department of
Transportation. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensu re the bulk power system operates
reliably and are guided by reliability and market  interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could
subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC, PAPUC, MDPSC,
DCPSC, DPSC, and NJBPU impose certain distribution reliability standards on the Utility Registrants. If the Registrants were found
not to be in compliance with the Federal and state mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well
as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
The Registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other
matters (All Registrants).
The businesses that the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation  and legislation by local, state, and
Federal authorities. These laws and regulation s affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make
capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions, hazardous and solid waste, and activities affecting surface
waters, groundwater , and aquatic and other species. Violations of these requirements could subject the Registrants to enforcement
actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up
costs, civil penalties and exposure to third partie s’ claims for alleged health or property damages , or operating restrictions to achieve
compliance. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental
contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property
38
Table of Contents
contaminated by hazardous substances they generated or released. Remediation activities  associated with MGP  operations
conducted by predecess or companies are one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of
proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in
the future. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Regulation for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes, and the
inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions. (All Registrants).
The Registra nts are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations
include income, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters.
These judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that
could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 — Income Taxes of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Registrants could be negatively affected by federal and state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation,
along with energy conservation by customers (All Registrants).
Changes to current state legislation or the development of Federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable, and
alternate fuel sources could significantly impact Generation and the Utility Registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not
allowed for Utility Registrants. The impact could include increased costs and increased rates for customers.
Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new
technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, could increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact the Utility
Registrants consolidated financial statements if timely cost recovery is not allowed. Furthermore, regulated energy consumption
reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation
technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of the Registrants. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Environmental Regulation —
Renewable and Clean Energy Standards for additional information.
Generation’s affiliation with the Utility Registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of
Generation’s physical asset base within the Utility Registrants' service territories, could increase Generation’s
cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the Utility Registrants' retail
rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation (Exelon and
Generation).
Generation has significant generating resources  within the service areas of the Utility Registrants and makes significant sales to
each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials,
legislators, and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’ s affiliation with the Utility Registran ts and its sales to each of them. In
periods of rising utility rates, particularly when  driven by increased costs of energy producti on and supply , those officials and
advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by the Utility Registrants with Generation, irrespective
of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. These challenges could increase the time,
complexity , and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challe nges could subject Generation to a
level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. In addition, government officials and legislators could
seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as
generation-based taxes.
The Registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to
negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (All
Registrants).
The Registra nts could be the subject of public criticism. Adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and
other regula tory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies such as Exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable
light, and could cause Exelon and its subsidiaries to be susceptible
39
Table of Contents
to less favorable legisla tive and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversig ht and more stringent legislative or
regulatory requirements (e.g. disallowances of costs, lower ROEs).
Legal proceedings could result in a negative outcome, which the Registrants cannot predict (All Registrants).
The Registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising out of their business operations. The material ones
are summarized in Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue, or restrict existing business
activities.
Exelon and ComEd have received requests for information related to an SEC investigation into their lobbying
activities. The outcome of the investigations could have a material adverse effect on their reputation and
consolidated financial statements (Exelon and ComEd).
On October 22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it had opened an investigation  into their lobbying activities in the
state of Illinois. Exelon and ComEd have cooper ated fully, including by providing all information requested by the SEC, and intend to
continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with the SEC. The outcome of the SEC’ s investigation cannot be predicted and could
subject Exelon and ComEd to civil penalties, sanctions, or other remedial measures. Any of the foregoing, as well as the appearance
of non-comp liance with anti-corruption and anti-b ribery laws, could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputations or
relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers, and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial
statements. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
If ComEd violates its Deferred Prosecution Agreement announced on July 17, 2020, it could have an adverse
effect on the reputation and consolidated financial statements of Exelon and ComEd (Exelon and ComEd).
On July 17, 2020, Com Ed entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern
District of Illinois (USAO ) to resolve the USAO’ s investigation into Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s lobbying activities in the State of Illinois.
Exelon was not made a party to the DPA and the investigation by the USAO into Exelon’ s activities ended with no charges being
brought against Exelon. Under the DPA, the USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComEd improperly gave and offered to give
jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the Speaker of the Illinois
House of Representatives and the Speaker ’s associates, with the intent to influence the Speaker ’s action regarding legislation
affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or
civil case against ComEd in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of
ComEd, including, but not limited to, the follow ing: (i) payment to the United States Treasury of $200 million; (ii) continued full
cooperation with the government’ s investigation; and (iii) ComEd’ s adoption and maintenanc e of remedial measures involving
compliance and reporting undertakings as spec ified in the DPA. If ComEd is found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the
USAO may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, ComEd for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government,
which could result in fines or penalties and could have an adverse impact on Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s reputation or relationships with
regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as their consolidated financial statements. See Note
19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and
operation of hydroelectric facilities (Exelon and Generation).
FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, Federal lands
or connected to the interstate electric grid. Generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the
renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. If FERC does not issue new operating licenses for Generation’ s hydroelectric facilities
or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’ s results of operations could be adversely
affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and
decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. Generation could also lose
40
Table of Contents
revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, conditions could be
imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital
expenditures, could result in increased operatin g costs or could render the project uneconomic. Similar effects could result from a
change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as
those owned by Generation.
Operational Factors
The Registrants are subject to risks associated with climate change (All Registrants).
The Registrants periodically perform analyses to better understand how climate change could affect their facilities and operations.
The Registrants primarily operate in the Midwes t and East Coast of the United States, areas that historically have been prone to
various types of severe weather events, such that the Registrants have well-developed respons e and recovery programs based on
these histori cal events. However , the Registrants ’ physical facilities could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the
global climate impact temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events,
unprecedented levels of precipitation, sea level rise, increased surface water temperatures, and/or other effects. In addition,
changes to the climate may impact levels and patterns of demand for energy and related servi ces, which could affect Registrants’
operations. Over time, the Registrants may need to make additional investments to protect facilities from physical climate-related
risks and/or adapt to changes in operational requirements as a result of climate change.
The Registrants also periodically perform analyses of potential pathways to reduce power sector and economy-wide GHG emissions
to mitigate climate change. To the extent additional GHG reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective at the Federal and/or
state levels,  the Registrants could incur costs to further limit the GHG emissions from their operations or otherwise comply with
applicable requirements. To the extent such additional regulation or legislation does not become effective, the potential competitive
advantage offered by Registrant’ s low-carbon emission profile may be reduced. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Climate Change
Mitigation.
Generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and
operation of nuclear facilities (Exelon and Generation).
Nuclear capacity factors. Capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect Generation’ s results of operations. Lower
capacity factors could decrease Generation’ s revenues and increase operating costs by requirin g Generation to produce additional
energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’ s
obligations to committed third-party sales, including the Utility Registrants. These sources generally have higher costs than
Generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
Nuclear refueling outages. In general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. The total number of
refueling outages, along  with their duration, could have a significant impact on Generation’ s results of operations. When refueling
outages last longer than anticipated or Generatio n experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease, and Generation faces
lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.
Nuclear fuel quality . The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Genera tion could affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’ s
operations. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs, and/or
increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
Operational risk. Operations at any of Generation’ s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation must
shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity . If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require
significant time and expense. Generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the
plant to full capacity . In either event, Generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet
supply commitments.
For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation could also incur liability to the co-owners. For nuclear plants
not operated and not wholly owned by Generation, from which Generation receives a portion  of the plants’  output, Generation’ s
results of operations are dependent on the opera tional performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant
event at those plants. Additionally , poor operating
41
Table of Contents
performance at nuclear plants not owned by Generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-
fueled energy . In addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptio ns of generating plants, or failure of
transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served
by Generation.
Nuclear major incident risk and insurance. The consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and
property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned or operated by
Generation or owned by others, could exceed Generation’ s resources, including insurance coverage. Generation is a member of an
industry mutual insuranc e company , NEIL, which provides property and business interruption insurance for Generation’ s nuclear
operations. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry , could be borne
by Generatio n. Additionally , an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the United States or abroad, whether
owned by Generation or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy .
As required by the Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance, $450 million
for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In
addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.8
billion limit for a single incident.
See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information of nuclear insurance.
Decommissioning obligation and funding. NRC regula tions require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate
reasonable assurance that funds will be availab le in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission
the facility .
Generation recognizes as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear facilities. The
estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of
decommissioning costs, and Federal and state regulatory requirements. The costs of such decommissioning may substantially
exceed such liability , as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including chang es in the approach and timing of
decommissioning activit ies, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in Federal or state regulatory requirements on the
decommissioning of such facilities, other chang es in our estimates or Generation’ s ability to effectively execute on its planned
decommissioning activities.
Generation makes contributions to certain trust funds of the former PECO units based on amoun ts being collected by PECO from its
customers and remitted to Generation. While Generation, through PECO, has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO
customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additiona l amounts from utility customers for
any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that
Generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts
collected from PECO customers, or if Generation no longer had recourse to collect additional  amounts from PECO customers if
there was a shortfall of funds for decommissio ning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units could be
negatively af fected.
Should the expected value of the NDT fund for any former ComEd unit fall below the amount of the expected decommissioning
obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and
Comprehensive Income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Com prehensive Income, and the adverse impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements could be material. Any changes to the existing PECO regulatory agreements could impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
ability to offset decommi ssioning-related activitie s within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, and
the impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements could be material.
Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment,
and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. If the investments held by Generation’ s NDT funds are not
sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’ s nuclear units, Generation could be required to take steps, such as providing
financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent
42
Table of Contents
company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be signifi cant, to ensure that the trusts are
adequately funded and that current and future NRC minimum funding requirements are met.
See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
The Utility Registrants' operating costs are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of
their delivery and operational systems (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
Failures of the equipme nt or facilities used in the Utility Registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and
electric and natural gas delivery , which could result in a loss of revenues and an increase in maintenance and capital expenditures.
Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems
failure. Spec ifically , if the implementation of AMI, smart grid, or other technologies in the Utility  Registrants' service territory fail to
perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, or if any of the financial,
accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the Utility Registrants' financial results
could be negatively impacted. In addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational
system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are dif ficult to detect.
Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory , have generally been afforded
liability prote ctions again st claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however , ComEd could be required to
pay damage s to its customers in some circums tances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, which
could be material.
The Registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (All Registrants).
The Registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks. Threat sources continue to seek  to exploit potential vulnerabilities in
the electric and natural gas utility industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure, and
other energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber , are becoming increasingly sophisticated and
dynamic. Continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks.
A security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the Registrants, their competit ors, vendors, business partners and
interconnected entities in RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the
transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical
infrastructure information, sensitive customer , vendor , and employee data, trading or other confidential data. The risk of these
system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify , and while the Registrants have been, and will likely
continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none has directly experienced a material breach or disruption to its
network or information systems or our service operations. However , as such attacks continu e to increase in sophistication and
frequency , the Registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. If a significant breach were to occur , the
reputation of the Registrants could be negatively affected, customer confidence in the Registrants or others in the industry could be
diminished, or the Registrants could be subject to legal claims, loss of revenues, increased costs, or operations shutdown. Moreover ,
the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such event s or security breaches may not be
sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result.
The Utility Registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an
intentional disruption of the system by third parties.
In addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by
the Registrants or their business operations and could adversely af fect their consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers, and the general public could be exposed to a risk of
injury due to the nature of the energy industry (All Registrants).
Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to,
potentially dangerous environments near the Registrants’  operations. As a result, employees,
43
Table of Contents
contractors, customers, and the general public are at some risk for serious injury , including loss of life. These risks include nuclear
accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes, and electric contact cases.
Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic, and other significant events could negatively
impact the Registrants' results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth (All
Registrants).
Generation’ s fleet of power plants and the Utility Registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by
natural disasters and extreme weather events,  which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme
weather event within the Registrants’  service areas can also directly affect their capital asse ts, causing disruption in service to
customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Natural disasters and other significant events
increase the risk to Generation that the NRC or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing,
among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, SNF storage, insurance, emergency planning,
security , and environme ntal and radiological matters. In addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and
economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for Generation’ s continued operation, particularly the cooling of
generating units.
The impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on Exelon is uncerta in. The Registrants face a risk that
their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror . Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military
campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies
and markets, particularly oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of Exelon’ s
facilities, which could adversely affect Exelon’ s ability to manage its business effectively . Instability in the financial markets as a
result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession, or other factors also could result in a decline in energy
consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has
resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
The Registra nts could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic.
However , depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability , the ability
to operate Exelon's generating and transmission and distribution assets could be af fected.
In addition, Exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property , casualty and
cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt
operations. However , there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and
casualty losses.
The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to
maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (All Registrants).
The Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by Gener ation in electric generating facilities
and by the Utility Registrants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. Equipment, even if maintained in accordance
with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the Registrants’  control, and could
require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. The Registrants consolidated financial state ments could be negatively affected
if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS — Liquidity and Capital Resources
for additional information regarding the Registrants’  potential future capital expenditures.
The Utility Registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs, and their capital
expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring
transmission systems (Exelon and the Utility Registrants).
Demand for electricity within the Utility Registra nts' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative
routing or curtailment of electricity usage. Also, insuf ficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize
the Utility Registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulat ory agency relationships. As with all
utilities, potential concerns over transmission
44
Table of Contents
capacity or generation facility retirements could result in PJM or FERC requiring the Utility Registrants to upgrade or expand their
respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
PJM’ s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of
one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities. However , service interruptions at other utilities may
cause interruptions in the Utility Registrants’  service areas.
The Registrants consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if they fail to attract and retain
an appropriately qualified workforce (All Registrants).
Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without
appropriate replacements, could lead to operatin g challenges and increased costs for the Registr ants. The challenges include lack of
resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for
contractors to replace employees, productivity costs, and safety costs, could arise. The Registr ants are particularly affected due to
the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their genera tion, transmission, and distribution
operations.
The Registrants could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which
may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results (All Registrants).
Generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive
energy value chain. This could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, nuclear
advisory or operating services for third parties, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses,
and entry into LNG. Such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from
current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered during diligence performed prior to launching
an initiative or entering a market. Additionally , it is possible that FERC, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain
other restrictions on such transactions. All of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in
lower than planned returns on investment.
The Utility Registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated initiatives, such as smart grids and utility of the future.
These risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery , regulatory concerns, cybersecurity , and obsolescence of technology . Such
initiatives may not be successful.
The Registrants may not realize or achieve the anticipated cost savings through the cost management efforts
(All Registrants).
The Registra nts’ future financial performance and level of profitability is dependent, in part, on various cost reduction initiatives. The
Registrants may encounter challenges in executing these cost reduction initiatives and not achieve the intended cost savings.
Risks Related to the Planned Separation (Exelon and Generation)
The planned separation is contingent upon regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other conditions and may
not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, which could
negatively affect Exelon’s and Generation’s consolidated financial statements.
Exelon is targeting to complete the separation in the first quarter of 2022, subject to final approv al by Exelon’ s Board of Directors, a
Form 10 registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of other conditions. The
planned separation is subject to approval by the FERC, NRC and NYPSC. There can be no assurance that any separation
transaction will ultimately occur or, if one does occur , of its terms or timing. If the planned separation is not completed or is delayed,
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements may be materially adversely affected, and the market price of Exelon’ s
common stock may be af fected.
45
Table of Contents
The plan to separate into two publicly traded companies will involve significant time and expense, which could
disrupt or adversely affect our business.
The planned separation is complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including challenges in executing the
separation, could delay or prevent the completion of the proposed separation, or cause the separation to occur on terms or
conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. Additionally , Exelon’ s Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute
discretion, may decide not to proceed with the separation at any time prior to the distribution date. The process of completing the
proposed separation has been and is expected to continue to be time-consuming and involves significant costs and expenses.
The planned separation may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits and each separate company
following the separation may underperform relative to Exelon’s expectations.
By separating the Utility Registrants and Generation, Exelon is creating two publicly traded companies with the resources necessary
to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating excellence. The separate companies are expected to
create value  by having the strategic flexibility to focus on their unique customer , market and community priorities. However , the
planned separation may not provide such results on the scope or scale that Exelon anticipates, and Exelon and Generation may not
realize the anticipated benefits of the planned separation. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the financial
statements of each separate company and their respective common stock price.
Following the planned separation, the companies anticipate to maintain investment grade credit ratings. Ratings are based upon
assessments of multiple factors, including a company’ s credit metrics as well as industry and macroeconomic changes and trends. If
a rating agency were to downgrade the rating below investment grade, the separate companies’  borrowing costs would increase and
their funding sources could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements of the affected
company .
The commo n stock of the separately publicly traded companies following the separation may collectively trade at a value less than
the price at which Exelon’ s common stock might have traded had the separation not occurred.
There could be significant liability if the planned spin-off is determined to be a taxable transaction.
Under the separation plan, Exelon shareholders will retain their current shares of Exelon stock and receive a pro-rata distribution of
shares of the new company’ s stock in a transaction that is expected to be tax-free to Exelon and its shareholders under Sections
355 and 368 of the IRC. Exelon will seek a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding the tax-fr ee nature of the transaction. Exelon
will also seek from its tax advisors an opinion with respect to certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the spin-of f. If the
planned spin-of f ultimately is determined to be taxable, the spin-of f could be treated as a taxabl e dividend to Exelon’ s shareholders
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and Exelon ’s shareholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition,
Exelon would recognize a taxable gain to the extent that the fair market value of the new company’ s stock exceeds its tax basis in
such stock on the date of the planned separation. Exelon will enter into a Tax Matters Agreement with the new company to address
how post-separation issues will be managed between the companies, as well as which company  is responsible for taxes imposed as
a result of the planned separation, if any .
See Note 26 — Subsequent Events of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
planned separation.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOL VED ST AFF COMMENTS
All Registrants
None.
46
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Generation
The following table presents Generation’ s interests in net electric generating capacity by station at December 31, 2020:
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
Midwest
Braidwood Braidwood, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,386 
Byron Byron, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,347 
LaSalle Seneca, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 2,320 
Dresden Morris, IL 2 Uranium Base-load 1,845 
Quad Cities Cordova, IL 2 75 Uranium Base-load 1,403 
Clinton Clinton, IL 1 Uranium Base-load 1,080 
Michigan Wind 2 Sanilac Co., MI 50 51 Wind Intermittent 46 
Beebe Gratiot Co., MI 34 51 Wind Intermittent 42 
Michigan Wind 1 Huron Co., MI 46 51 Wind Intermittent 35 
Harvest 2 Huron Co., MI 33 51 Wind Intermittent 30 
Harvest Huron Co., MI 32 51 Wind Intermittent 27 
Beebe 1B Gratiot Co., MI 21 51 Wind Intermittent 26 
City Solar Chicago, IL 1 Solar Intermittent 9 
Solar Ohio Toledo, OH 2 Solar Intermittent 4 
Blue Breezes Faribault Co., MN 2 Wind Intermittent 3 
CP Windfarm Faribault Co., MN 2 51 Wind Intermittent 2 
Southeast Chicago Chicago, IL 8 Gas Peaking 296 
Clinton Battery Storage Blanchester , OH 1 Energy Storage Peaking 10 
Total Midwest 11,911 
Mid-Atlantic
Limerick Sanatoga, P A 2 Uranium Base-load 2,317 
Peach Bottom Delta, P A 2 50 Uranium Base-load 1,324 
SalemLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 2 42.59 Uranium Base-load 995 
Calvert Clif fs Lusby , MD 2 50.01 Uranium Base-load 895 
Conowingo Darlington, MD 11 Hydroelectric Base-load 572 
Criterion Oakland, MD 28 51 Wind Intermittent 36 
Fair Wind Garrett County , MD 12 Wind Intermittent 30 
Solar MC Various, MD 44 Solar Intermittent 44 
Fourmile Ridge Garrett County , MD 16 51 Wind Intermittent 20 
Solar New Jersey 1 Various, NJ 5 Solar Intermittent 18 
Solar New Jersey 2 Various, NJ 2 Solar Intermittent 11 
Solar Horizons Emmitsburg, MD 1 51 Solar Intermittent 16 
Solar Maryland Various, MD 11 Solar Intermittent 8 
Solar Maryland 2 Various, MD 3 Solar Intermittent 8 (a)(b) (c) (d)
(e)
(e)
(f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(i)
(f)
(f)
(j) (f)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(h)
47
Table of Contents
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
JBAB Solar District of Columbia 4 Solar Intermittent 7 
Gateway Solar Berlin, MD 1 Solar Intermittent 7 
Constellation New
Energy Gaithersburg, MD 2 Solar Intermittent 6 
Solar Federal Trenton, NJ 1 Solar Intermittent 5 
Solar New Jersey 3 Middle Township, NJ 5 51 Solar Intermittent 2 
Solar DC District of Columbia 1 Solar Intermittent 1 
Muddy Run Drumore, P A 8 Hydroelectric Intermediate 1,070 
Eddystone 3, 4 Eddystone, P A 2 Oil/Gas Peaking 760 
Perryman Aberdeen, MD 5 Oil/Gas Peaking 404 
Croydon West Bristol, P A 8 Oil Peaking 391 
Handsome Lake Kennerdell, P A 5 Gas Peaking 268 
Richmond Philadelphia, P A 2 Oil Peaking 98 
Philadelphia Road Baltimore, MD 4 Oil Peaking 61 
Eddystone Eddystone, P A 4 Oil Peaking 60 
Delaware Philadelphia, P A 4 Oil Peaking 56 
Southwark Philadelphia, P A 4 Oil Peaking 52 
Falls Morrisville, P A 3 Oil Peaking 51 
MoserLower Pottsgrove
Twp., P A 3 Oil Peaking 51 
Chester Chester , PA 3 Oil Peaking 39 
Schuylkill Philadelphia, P A 2 Oil Peaking 30 
SalemLower Alloways 
Creek Township, NJ 1 42.59 Oil Peaking 16 
Total Mid-Atlantic 9,729 
ERCOT
Whitetail Webb County , TX 57 51 Wind Intermittent 47 
SenderoJim Hogg and Zapata
County , TX 39 51 Wind Intermittent 40 
Constellation Solar Texas Various, TX 11 Solar Intermittent 13 
Colorado Bend II Wharton, TX 3 Gas Intermediate 1,143 
Wolf Hollow II Granbury , TX 3 Gas Intermediate 1,115 
Handley 3 Fort W orth, TX 1 Gas Intermediate 395 
Handley 4, 5 Fort W orth, TX 2 Gas Peaking 870 
Total ERCOT 3,623 (a)(b) (c) (d)
(h)
(h)
(h)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(h)
48
Table of Contents
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
New York
Nine Mile Point Scriba, NY 2 50.01 Uranium Base-load 838 
FitzPatrick Scriba, NY 1 Uranium Base-load 842 
Ginna Ontario, NY 1 50.01 Uranium Base-load 288 
Solar New York Bethlehem, NY 1 Solar Intermittent 3 
Total New York 1,971 
Other
Antelope V alley Lancaster , CA 1 Solar Intermittent 242 
Bluestem Beaver County , OK 60 51 Wind Intermittent 101 
Shooting Star Kiowa County , KS 65 51 Wind Intermittent 53 
Albany Green Energy Albany , GA 1 99 Biomass Base-load 50 
Solar Arizona Various, AZ 127 Solar Intermittent 46 
Bluegrass Ridge King City , MO 27 51 Wind Intermittent 29 
California PV Energy 2 Various, CA 89 Solar Intermittent 27 
Conception Barnard, MO 24 51 Wind Intermittent 26 
Cow Branch Rock Port, MO 24 51 Wind Intermittent 26 
Solar Arizona 2 Various, AZ 56 Solar Intermittent 34 
California PV Energy Various, CA 53 Solar Intermittent 21 
Mountain Home Glenns Ferry , ID 20 51 Wind Intermittent 21 
High Mesa Elmore Co., ID 19 51 Wind Intermittent 20 
Echo 1 Echo, OR 21 50.49 Wind Intermittent 17 
Sacramento PV Energy Sacramento, CA 4 51 Solar Intermittent 30 
Cassia Buhl, ID 14 51 Wind Intermittent 15 
Wildcat Lovington, NM 13 51 Wind Intermittent 14 
Echo 2 Echo, OR 10 51 Wind Intermittent 10 
Solar Georgia 2 Various, GA 8 Solar Intermittent 10 
Tuana Springs Hagerman, ID 8 51 Wind Intermittent 9 
Solar Georgia Various, GA 10 Solar Intermittent 8 
Greensburg Greensburg, KS 10 51 Wind Intermittent 6 
Solar Massachusetts Various, MA 10 Solar Intermittent 7 
Outback Solar Christmas V alley, OR 1 Solar Intermittent 6 
Echo 3 Echo, OR 6 50.49 Wind Intermittent 5 
Holyoke Solar Various, MA 2 Solar Intermittent 5 
Three Mile Canyon Boardman, OR 6 51 Wind Intermittent 5 
Loess Hills Rock Port, MO 4 Wind Intermittent 5 
California PV Energy 3 Various, CA 31 Solar Intermittent 8 
Denver Airport Solar Denver , CO 1 51 Solar Intermittent 4 
Solar Net Metering Uxbridge, MA 1 Solar Intermittent 2 
Solar Connecticut Various, CT 1 Solar Intermittent 1 
Mystic 8, 9 Charlestown, MA 6 Gas Intermediate 1,413 (a)(b) (c) (d)
(j) (f)
(j) (f)
(h)
(g)(k) (f)
(g) (f)
(l) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(h)
(h)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(g) (f)
(h)
(h)
(e)
49
Table of Contents
Station LocationNo. of
UnitsPercent
OwnedPrimary
Fuel TypePrimary
Dispatch
TypeNet Generation
Capacity (MW)
HillabeeAlexander City , 
AL 3 Gas Intermediate 753 
Mystic 7 Charlestown, MA 1 Oil/Gas Intermediate 512 
Wyman 4 Yarmouth, ME 1 5.9 Oil Intermediate 35 
Grand Prairie Alberta, Canada 1 Gas Peaking 105 
West Medway West Medway , MA 3 Oil Peaking 124 
West Medway II West Medway , MA 2 Oil/Gas Peaking 192 
Framingham Framingham, MA 3 Oil Peaking 31 
Mystic Jet Charlestown, MA 1 Oil Peaking 9 
Total Other 4,037 
Total 31,271 
__________
(a)All nuclear stations are boiling water reactors except Braidwood, Byron, Calvert Cliffs, Ginna, and Salem, which are pressurized water reactors.
(b)100%, unless otherwise indicated.
(c)Base-load units are plants that normally operate to take all or part of the minimum continuous load of a system and, consequently, produce
electricity at an essentially constant rate. Intermittent units are plants with output controlled by the natural variability of the energy resource
rather than dispatched based on system requirements. Intermediate units are plants that normally operate to take load of a system during the
daytime higher load hours and, consequently, produce electricity by cycling on and off daily. Peaking units consist of lower-efficiency, quick
response steam units, gas turbines and diesels normally used during the maximum load periods.
(d)For nuclear stations, capacity reflects the annual mean rating. Fossil stations and wind and solar facilities reflect a summer rating.
(e)Generation has announced it will permanently cease generation operations at Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and Mystic Unit 8
and 9 in 2024. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
(f)Net generation capacity is stated at proportionate ownership share.
(g)Reflects the prior sale of 49% of EGRP to a third party. See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
(h)On December 8, 2020, Generation entered into an agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield Renewable, for the sale of a significant portion of
Generation's solar business. The transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2021. See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and
Dispositions of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(i)Generation has deactivated the site and is evaluating for potential return of service or retirement beyond 2021.
(j)Reflects Generation’s interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF. See ITEM 1. — BUSINESS — Exelon Generation Company, LLC — Nuclear
Facilities for additional information.
(k)EGRP owns 100% of the Class A membership interests and a tax equity investor owns 100% of the Class B membership interests of the entity
that owns the Bluestem generating assets.
(l)Generation directly owns a 50% interest in the Albany Green Energy station and an additional 49% through the consolidation of a Variable
Interest Entity.
(m)Generation has plans to retire and cease plant operations in 2021.
The net generation capability available for operation at any time may be less due to regulatory restrictions, transmission congestion,
fuel restrictions, efficiency of cooling facilities, level of water supplies, or generating units being temporarily out of service for
inspection, maintenance, refueling, repairs, or modifications required by regulatory authorities.
Generation maintains property insurance agains t loss or damage to its principal plants and properties by fire or other perils, subject
to certain exceptions. For additional information regarding nuclear insurance of generating facilities, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS —
Exelon Generation Company , LLC. For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the
policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in
Generation’ s consolidated financial condition or results of operations.(a)(b) (c) (d)
(m)
(f)
(m)
50
Table of Contents
The Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants' electric substations and a portion of their transmission rights are located on property that they own. A
significant portion of their electric transmission and distribution facilities are located above or underneath highways, streets, other
public places, or property that others own. The Utility Registrants believe that they have satisfactory rights to use those places or
property in the form of permits, grants, easements, licenses, and franchise rights; however , they have not necessarily undertaken to
examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights rest.
Transmission and Distribution
The Utility Registrants’  high voltage electric transmission lines owned and in service at December 31, 2020 were as follows:
Voltage Circuit Miles
(Volts) ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
765,000 90 — — — — —
500,000 — 188 216 109 16 —
345,000 2,676 — — — — —
230,000 — 549 358 770 472 274
138,000 2,245 135 55 61 586 214
115,000 — — 712 25 — —
69,000 — 177 — — 567 667
___________
(a)    In addition, PECO, DPL, and ACE have an ownership interest located in Delaware and New Jersey. See Note 9 - Jointly Owned Electric Utility
Plant - for additional information.
The Utility Registrants' electric distribution system includes the following number of circuit miles of overhead and underground lines:
Circuit Miles ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Overhead 35,379 12,967 9,179 4,082 6,007 7,393
Underground 32,349 9,463 17,650 6,949 6,360 2,984
Gas
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL ’s natural gas pipeline miles at December 31, 2020:
PECO BGE DPL
Transmission 9 152 8(a)
Distribution 6,946 7,443 2,142
Service piping 6,449 6,383 1,461
Total 13,404 13,978 3,611
___________
(a)    DPL has a 10% undivided interest in approximately 8 miles of natural gas transmission mains located in Delaware which are used by DPL for its
natural gas operations and by 90% owner for distribution of natural gas to its electric generating facilities.(a) (a) (a) (a)
51
Table of Contents
The following table presents PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL ’s natural gas facilities:
Registrant Facility LocationStorage Capacity
(mmcf)Send-out or Peaking
Capacity
(mmcf/day)
PECO LNG Facility West Conshohocken, P A 1,200 160
PECO Propane Air Plant Chester , PA 105 25
BGE LNG Facility Baltimore, MD 1,056 332
BGE Propane Air Plant Baltimore, MD 550 85
DPL LNG Facility Wilmington, DE 250 25
PECO, BGE, and DPL  also own 30, 30, and 10 natural gas city gate stations and direct pipeline customer delivery points at various
locations throughout their gas service territory , respectively .
First Mortgage and Insurance
The principa l properties of ComEd, PECO, PEPCO, DPL, and ACE are subject to the lien of their respective Mortgages under which
their respective First Mortgage Bonds are issued. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agree ments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
The Utility Registrants maintain property insurance against loss or damage to their properties by fire or other perils, subject to certain
exceptions. For their insured losses, the Utility Registrants are self-insured to the extent that any losses are within the policy
deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect in the consolidated
financial condition or results of operations of the Utility Registrants.
Exelon
Security Measures
The Registra nts have initiated and work to main tain security measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced
security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term  design changes, and redundancy
measures. Additionally , the energy industry has strategic relationships with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans
are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the country’ s energy systems.
ITEM 3. LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS
All Registrants
The Registrants are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. For
information regarding material lawsuits and proceedings, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and
Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Such descriptions are incorporated herein by these
references.
52
Table of Contents
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY  DISCLOSURES
All Registrants
Not Applicable to the Registrants.
53
Table of Contents
PART II
(Dollars in millions except per share data, unless otherwise noted)
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY , RELA TED ST OCKHOLDER MA TTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY  SECURITIES
Exelon
Exelon’ s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq  (trading symbol: EXC). As of January 31, 2021, there were 976,337,799 shares of
common stock outstanding and approximately 91,240 record holders of common stock.
Stock Performance Graph
The performance graph below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns base d on an initial investment of $100 in
Exelon common stock, as compared with the S&P  500 Stock Index and the S&P  Utility Index, for the period 2016 through 2020.
This performance chart assumes:
•$100 invested on December 31, 2015 in Exelon common stock, the S&P  500 Stock Index, and the S&P  Utility Index; and
•All dividends are reinvested.
54
Table of Contents
Value of Investment at December 31,
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Exelon Corporation $100 $132.81 $152.79 $180.80 $188.53 $181.20
S&P 500 $100 $111.96 $136.40 $130.42 $171.49 $203.04
S&P Utilities $100 $116.29 $130.36 $135.72 $171.48 $172.31
Generation
As of January 31, 2021, Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in Generation.
ComEd
As of January 31, 2021 , there were 127,021,370 outstanding shares of common stock, $12.50 par value, of ComEd, of which
127,002,904 shares were indirectly held by Exelon. At January 31, 2021, in addition to Exelon , there were 286 record holders of
ComEd common stock. There is no established market for shares of the common stock of ComEd.
PECO
As of January 31, 2021, there were 170,478,507 outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of PECO, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
BGE
As of January 31, 2021 , there were 1,000 outstanding shares of common stock, without par value, of BGE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
PHI
As of January 31, 2021, Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in PHI.
Pepco
As of January 31, 2021, there were 100 outstand ing shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of Pepco, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
DPL
As of January 31, 2021, there were 1,000 outstanding shares of common stock, $2.25 par value , of DPL, all of which were indirectly
held by Exelon.
ACE
As of Janua ry 31, 2021, there were 8,546,017 outstanding shares of common stock, $3.00 par value, of ACE, all of which were
indirectly held by Exelon.
All Registrants
Dividends
Under applic able Federal law, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE can pay dividends only from retained,
undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, or ACE may
limit the dividends that these companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with a financin g arranged through ComEd Financing III that ComEd will not declare dividends on
any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated
debt securities issued to ComEd Financing III; (2) it defaults on its
55
Table of Contents
guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs
under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be below 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC or (b) Pepco’ s
senior unsec ured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity
levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated
by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common  shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three
major credit rating agencies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requires ACE to obtain the
prior approval of the NJBPU before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization, excluding securitization
debt, falls below 30%. No such events have occurred.
Exelon’ s Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2021. The 2021 quarterly dividend will remain the same as the
2020 dividend of $0.3825 per share.
At December 31, 2020, Exelon had retained earnings of $16,735 million, including Generation’ s undistributed earnings of $2,805
million, ComEd’ s retained earnings of $1,456 million consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $3,095
million, partially offset by $1,639 million of unappropriated accumulated deficits, PECO’ s retained earnings of $1,519 million, BGE’ s
retained earnings of $1,879 million, and PHI's undistributed losses of $68 million.
The following table sets forth Exelon’ s quarterly cash dividends per share paid during 2020 and 2019:
2020 2019
(per share)Fourth
QuarterThird
QuarterSecond
QuarterFirst
QuarterFourth
QuarterThird
QuarterSecond
QuarterFirst
Quarter
Exelon $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3825 $ 0.3625 $ 0.3625 $ 0.3625 $ 0.3625 
56
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth Generation's and PHI's quarterly distributions and ComEd’ s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and
ACE's quarterly common dividend payments:
2020 2019
(in millions)4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter4th
Quarter3rd
Quarter2nd
Quarter1st
Quarter
Generation $ 328 $ 469 $ 469 $ 468 $ 225 $ 225 $ 224 $ 225 
ComEd 126 124 124 125 128 126 127 127 
PECO 85 85 85 85 90 88 90 90 
BGE 60 62 62 62 55 57 56 56 
PHI 102 183 134 134 97 213 88 128 
Pepco 58 73 73 28 40 101 48 24 
DPL 42 33 14 52 34 35 29 41 
ACE 3 76 12 23 24 76 12 12 
First Quarter 2021 Dividend
On February  21, 2021, Exelon's Board of Directo rs declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.3825 per share on Exelon’ s common
stock for the first quarter of 2021. The dividend is payable on Monday , March 15, 2021, to shareholders of record of Exelon as of 5
p.m. Eastern time on Monday , March 8, 2021.
57
Table of Contents
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Exelon
Executive Overview
Exelon is a utility service s holding company engaged in the generation, delivery , and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
Exelon has eleven reportable segments consisting of Generation’ s five reportable segments (Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York,
ERCOT , and Other Power Regions), ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
and Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding Exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
Exelon’ s consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, Generation,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, which, along with Exelon, are collectively referred to as the Registrants. The
following combined Management’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations summarizes results for
the year ended Decemb er 31, 2020 compared to the year ended December 31, 2019, and is separately filed by Exelon, Generation,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. However , none of the Registrants makes any representation as to information
related solely to any of the other Registrants. For discussion of the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2018, refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEM ENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS
OF OPERA TIONS in the 2019 Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 11, 2020.
COVID-19. The Registra nts have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbreak (pandemic) of COVID-19.
The Registrants provide a critical service to our customers which means that it is paramount  that we keep our employees who
operate our businesses safe and minimize unne cessary risk of exposure to the virus. The Registrants have taken extra precautions
for our employees who work in the field and for employees who continue to work in our facilities. The Registrants have implemented
work from home policies where appropriate, and imposed travel limitations on their employees. In addition, the Registrants have
updated existing business continuity plans in the context of this pandemic.
The Registrants continue to implement strong physical and cyber-security measures to ensure that our systems remain functional in
order to both serve our operational needs with a remote workforce and keep them running to ensure uninterrupted service to our
customers.
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting in 2020 as a result of COVID -19 that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to mate rially affect, any of the Registrants’  internal control over financial reportin g. See ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES for additional information.
Unfavorable economic conditions due to COVID-19 have impacted the demand for electricity and natural gas at Generation and the
Utility Registrants, which has resulted in a decrease in operating revenues.
As a result of COVID-19, Generation temporarily suspended interruption of service for all retail residential customers for non-
payment and temporarily ceased new late payment fees for all retail customers from March to May of 2020. Starting in March of
2020, the Utility Registra nts also temporarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment and temporarily ceased new late
payment fees for all customers and restored service to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on such
measures at the Utility Registrants. At Generation, such measures resulted in an increase in credit loss expense. ComEd and ACE
recorded regulatory assets for the incremental credit loss expense based on existing mechanisms. BGE, PECO, Pepco, and DPL
also recorded regulatory assets for substantially all the incremental credit loss expense incurred in 2020. See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
58
Table of Contents
Generation and the Utility Registrants have also incurred direct costs related to COVID-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire
personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the
health of their employee s. At Generation and PECO, such costs are recorded as Operating and maintenance expense and are
excluded from Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. At ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, such costs are primarily recorded
as regulatory assets. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements for additional
information.
The estimated impact to Generation’ s and the Utility Registrants’  Net income is approximately $170 million and $75 million for the
year ended December 31, 2020, respectively .
To offset the unfavorable impacts from COVID-19, the Registrants identified approximately $250 million in cost savings across
Generation and the Utility Registrants in 2020. The cost savings achieved in 2020 were higher than originally anticipated.
The Registra nts rely on the capital markets for publicly offered debt as well as the commercial paper markets to meet their financial
commitments and short-term liquidity needs. As a result of the disruptions in the commercial paper markets in March of 2020,
Generation borrowed $1.5 billion on its revolving credit facility to refinance commercial paper , which Generation repaid on April 3,
2020. Gener ation also entered into two short-te rm loan agreements in March of 2020 for an aggregate of $500 million. On April 8,
2020, Generation received approximately $500 million in cash after entering into an accounts receivable financing arrangement. On
April 24, 2020, Exelon Corporate entered into a credit agreement establishing a $550 million 364-day revolving credit facility to be
used as an additional source of short-term liquid ity. In addition, the Registrants issued long-term debt of $5.3 billion and were able to
successfully complete their planned long-term debt issuances in 2020. See Liquidity and Capital Resources, Note 17 — Debt and
Credit Agreements, and Note 6 — Accounts Receivable of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
The Registra nts assessed long-lived assets, goodwill, and investments for recoverability and there were no material impairment
charges recorded in 2020 as a result of COVID-19. See Note 12 — Asset Impairments for additional information related to other
impairment assessments in the third quarter of 2020. Certain assumptions are highly sensitive to changes. Changes in significant
assumptions could potentially result in future impairments, which could be material.
This is an evolving situation that could lead to extended disruption of economic activity in our markets. The Registrants will continue
to monitor developments affecting their workforce, customers, and suppliers and will take additional precautions that they determine
to be necessary in order  to mitigate the impacts. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact the Registrants’  ability to operate their
generating and transmission and distribution assets, the ability to access capital markets, and results of operations, including
demand for electricity and natural gas, will depend on the spread and proliferation of COVI D-19 around the world and future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.
59
Table of Contents
Financial Results of Operations
GAAP  Results of Operations. The following table sets forth Exelon's GAAP  consolidated Net Income attributable to common
shareholders by Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period  in 2019. For additional information
regarding the financial results for the years ended December 31, 2020  and 2019 see the discussion s of Results of Operations by
Registrant.
2020 2019(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Exelon $ 1,963 $ 2,936 $ (973)
Generation 589 1,125 (536)
ComEd 438 688 (250)
PECO 447 528 (81)
BGE 349 360 (11)
PHI 495 477 18 
Pepco 266 243 23 
DPL 125 147 (22)
ACE 112 99 13 
Other (355) (242) (113)
__________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019.  Net income attributable to common
shareholders  decreased by $973 million and diluted earnings per average common share decreased to $2.01 in 2020 from $3.01 in
2019 primarily due to:
•One-time charges and accelerated depreciation  and amortization associated with Generation's decisions in the third
quarter of 2020 to early retire Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and Mystic Units 8 and 9 in 2024, partially
offset by the absence of accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of TMI in September
2019;
•Impairment of the New England asset group;
•Payments that ComEd made under the Deferred Prosecution Agreement. See Note 19 — Commitments and
Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information;
•Lower capacity revenue;
•Reduction in load due to COVID-19 at Generation;
•Lower realized energy prices;
•Higher nuclear outage days;
•Impact of Generation's annual update to the nuclear ARO for Non-Regulatory Agreement Units;
•Lower net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•COVID-19 direct costs;
•Lower electr ic distributio n earnings from lower allowed ROE due to a decrease in treasury rates, partially offset by
higher rate base at ComEd;(a)
60
Table of Contents
•Higher storm costs related to the June 2020 and August 2020 storms at PECO, net of tax repairs, and related to the
August 2020 storm at DPL;
•Unfavorable weather conditions at PECO , DPL Delaware, and ACE; and
•A net increase in depreciation and amortization expense due to ongoing capital expenditures at PECO, BGE, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE, partially of fset at Generation due to the impact of extending the operating license at Peach Bottom.
The decreases were partially of fset by;
•Higher mark-to-market gains;
•Unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded
entities in the fourth quarter and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of December 31,
2020;
•Lower opera ting and maintenance expense at Generation primarily due to previous cost management programs, lower
contracting costs, and lower travel costs, partially of fset by lower NEIL  insurance distributions;
•Lower nuclear fuel costs;
•A tax benefit related to a settlement in the first quarter of 2020, partially of fset by the absence of a tax benefit related to
certain research and development activities recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019 at Generation;  and
•Regulatory rate increases at BGE, DPL, and ACE.
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings. In addition to net incom e, Exelon evaluates its operating performance using the
measure of Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the
ongoing operations of the business. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses,
and other specified items. This information is intended to enhance an investor ’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating
results and provide an indication of Exelon’ s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to
be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. In addition, this information is among the primary indicators
management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning
and forecasting of future periods. Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under GAAP  and may not
be comparable to other  companies’  presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this
report.
61
Table of Contents
The following table provides a reconciliation between Net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance
with GAAP  and Adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to 2019: 
For the Years Ended December 31,
2020 2019
(All amounts in millions after tax)Earnings per
Diluted ShareEarnings per
Diluted Share
Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders $ 1,963  $ 2.01 $ 2,936  $ 3.01 
Mark-to-Market Impact of Economic Hedging Activities (net of taxes of $73 and
$66, respectively) (213) (0.22) 197 0.20 
Unrealized (Gains) Losses Related to NDT  Fund Investments (net of taxes of
$278 and $269, respectively) (256) (0.26) (299) (0.31)
Asset Impairments (net of taxes of $135 and $56, respectively) 396 0.41 123 0.13 
Plant Retirements and Divestitures (net of taxes of $244 and $9, respectively) 718 0.74 118 0.12 
Cost Management Program (net of taxes of $14 and $17, respectively) 45 0.05 51 0.05 
Litigation Settlement Gain (net of taxes of $7) — — (19) (0.02)
Asset Retirement Obligation (net of taxes of $16 and $9, respectively) 48 0.05 (84) (0.09)
Change in Environmental Liabilities (net of taxes of $6 and $8, respectively) 18 0.02 20 0.02 
COVID-19 Direct Costs (net of taxes of $19) 50 0.05 — — 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement Payments (net of taxes of $0) 200 0.20 — — 
Acquisition Related Costs (net of taxes of $1) 4 — — — 
ERP System Implementation Costs (net of taxes of $1) 3 — — — 
Income Tax-Related Adjustments (entire amount represents tax expense) 71 0.07 5 0.01 
Noncontrolling Interests (net of taxes of $19 and $26, respectively) 103 0.11 90 0.09 
Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings $ 3,149  $ 3.22 $ 3,139  $ 3.22 
__________
Note:
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
Unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between GAAP Net Income and Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings is
based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each Registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is
taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. For all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds, the marginal
statutory income tax rates for 2020 and 2019 ranged from 26.0% to 29.0%. Under IRS regulations, NDT fund investment returns are taxed at different
rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified funds. The effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related to NDT funds
were 52.1% and 47.3% for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(a)Reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on Generation’s NDT fund investments for Non-Regulatory and Regulatory Agreement
Units. The impacts of the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the associated income taxes, are contractually eliminated, resulting in no
earnings impact.
(b)In 2020, reflects an impairment at ComEd in the second quarter of 2020 related to the acquisition of transmission assets and an impairment of
the New England asset group in the third quarter of 2020. In 2019, primarily reflects the impairment of equity method investments in certain
distributed energy companies. The impact of such impairment net of noncontrolling interest is $0.02.
(c)In 2020, primarily reflects one-time charges and accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with Generation's decisions in the third
quarter of 2020 to early retire Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and Mystic Units 8 and 9 in 2024. In 2019, primarily reflects
accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the early retirement of the TMI nuclear facility and certain fossil sites and
the loss on the sale of Oyster Creek to Holtec, partially offset by net realized gains related to Oyster Creek's NDT fund investments, a net benefit
associated with remeasurements of the TMI ARO, and a gain on the sale of certain wind assets.
(d)Primarily represents reorganization and severance costs related to cost management programs.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
(i)
(j)
(k)
62
Table of Contents
(e)Reflects an adjustment to Generation's nuclear ARO for Non-Regulatory Agreement Units resulting from the annual update.
(f)Represents direct costs related to COVID-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies
and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the health of employees.
(g)Reflects the payments made by ComEd under the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, which ComEd entered into on July 17, 2020 with the U.S.
Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Illinois.
(h)Reflects costs related to the acquisition of EDF's interest in CENG.
(i)Reflects costs related to a multi-year ERP system implementation.
(j)Primarily reflects the adjustment to deferred income taxes due to changes in forecasted apportionment.
(k)Represents elimination from Generation’s results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items. In 2020, primarily related to
unrealized gains and losses on NDT fund investments for CENG units. In 2019, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains on NDT fund
investments and the impact of the Generation's annual nuclear ARO update for CENG units, partially offset by the impairment of certain equity
investments in distributed energy companies.
Significant 2020 Transactions and Developments
Planned Separation
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating
excellence. The separation gives each company the financial and strategic independence to focus on its specific customer needs,
while executing its core business strategy . See Note 26 — Subsequent Events of the Combin ed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Impacts of February 2021 W eather Events and T exas-based Generating Assets Outages
Beginning on February 15, 2021, Generation’ s Texas-based generating assets within the ERCOT  market, specifically Colorado Bend
II, Wolf Hollow II, and Handley , experienced periodic outages as a result of historically severe cold weather conditions. In addition,
those weather conditions drove increased demand for service, limited the availability of natural gas to fuel power plants, and
dramatically increased wholesale power and gas prices.
Exelon and Generation estimate the impact to their Net income for the first quarter of 2021 arising from these market and weather
conditions to be approximately $560 million to $710 million. The estimated impact includes favorable results in certain regions within
Generation’ s wholesale gas business. The ultimate impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s conso lidated financial statements may be
affected by a number of factors, including final settlement data, the impacts of customer and counterparty credit losses, any state
sponsored solutions to address the financial challenges caused by the event, and litigation and contract disputes which may result.
Exelon expects to offset between $410 million and $490 million of this impact primarily at Generation through a combination of
enhanced revenue opportunities, deferral of selected non-essential maintenance, and primarily one-time cost savings.
See Note 26 — Subsequent Events of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Agreement for Sale of Generation’ s Solar Business
On December 8, 2020, Generation entered into an agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield Renewable, for the sale of a significant
portion of Generation’ s solar business, including  360 megawatts of generation in operation or under construction across more than
600 sites across the United States, for a purchase price of $810 million. Completion of the transaction is expected to occur in the first
half of 2021. Generatio n will retain certain solar assets not included in this agreement, primarily Antelope Valley. See Note
2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
63
Table of Contents
Early Retirement of Generation Facilities
In August 2020, Generation announced that it intends to retire the Byron Generating Station in September 2021, Dresden
Generating Station in November 2021, and Mystic Units 8 and 9 at the expiration of the cost of service commitment in May 2024. As
a result, in the third quarter of 2020, Exelon and Generation recognized a $500 million impairm ent of its New England asset group
and one-time non-cash charges for Byron, Dresden, and Mystic related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments,
employee-related costs,  and construction work -in-progress impairments, among other items. In addition, there will be ongoing
annual financial impacts stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives of these facilities, primarily related to
accelerated depreciation  of plant assets (including any ARC) and accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel. Such ongoing charges are
excluded from Adjusted (non-GAAP) Operating Earnings.
The followin g table summarizes the increment al expense recorded for the year ended Dece mber 31, 2020 and the estimated
amounts of incremental expense expected to be incurred through the retirement dates.
Actual Projected
Income statement expense (pre-tax) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Depreciation and amortization
     Accelerated depreciation $ 921 $ 2,070 $ 110 $ 120 $ 50 
     Accelerated nuclear fuel amortization 60 170 — — — 
Operating and maintenance
     One-time charges 277 30 10 — 20 
     Other charges 35 10 10 10 5 
     Contractual of fset (364) (475) — — — 
Total $ 929 $ 1,805 $ 130 $ 130 $ 75 
_________
(a)Actual results may differ based on incremental future capital additions, actual units of production for nuclear fuel amortization, future revised
ARO assumptions, etc.
(b)Reflects incremental accelerated depreciation of plant assets, including any ARC.
(c)Reflects primarily the net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the ARO for Dresden. See Note 10 – Asset Retirement Obligations of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(d)Reflects contractual offset for ARO accretion, ARC depreciation, and net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the ARO for Byron and
Dresden. Based on the regulatory agreement with the ICC, decommissioning-related activities are offset within Exelon's and Generation's
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income as long as the net cumulative decommissioning-related activities result in a
regulatory liability at ComEd. Recognition of a regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning-related activities at ComEd is not permissible. The
offset results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to ComEd at Generation and an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at
ComEd. See Note 10 – Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Deferred Prosecution Agreement
On July 17, 2020, Com Ed entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern
District of Illinois (USAO ) to resolve the USAO’ s investigation into ComEd’ s lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. Under the DPA,
the USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComEd improperly gave and offered to give jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments
associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and the
Speaker ’s associates, with the intent to influence the Speaker ’s action regarding legislation affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA
provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or civil case against ComEd in connection
with the matters identifie d therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of ComEd, including payment to the United
States Treasury of $200  million, with $100 million payable within thirty days of the filing of the DPA with the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois and an additional $100 million within ninety days of such filing date. The payments will not be
recovered in rates or charged to customers, and ComEd will not seek or accept reimbursement or indemnification from any source
other than Exelon. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
64
Table of Contents
Utility Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric
transmission and distribution, and gas distribut ion rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The
outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future financial statements.
The following tables show the Utility Registrants’  completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2020. See Note
3 — Regulatory Matters  of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additi onal information on these and other
regulatory proceedings.
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
Increase Approved ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - Illinois April 8, 2019 Electric $ (6) $ (17) 8.91 %December 4,
2019January 1,
2020
ComEd - Illinois April 16, 2020 Electric (11) (14) 8.38 %December 9,
2020January 1,
2021
BGE - MarylandMay 15, 2020
(amended
September 11,
2020)Electric 137 81 9.50 %December
16, 2020January 1,
2021 Natural
Gas91 21 9.65 %
DPL - MarylandDecember 5, 2019
(amended April 23,
2020)Electric 17 12 9.60 %July 14, 2020 July 16, 2020
DPL - DelawareFebruary 21, 2020
(amended October
9, 2020)Natural
Gas7 2 9.60 %January 6,
2021September
21, 2020
65
Table of Contents
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
PECO - Pennsylvania September 30, 2020Natural
Gas$ 69 10.95 % Second quarter of 2021
Pepco - District of
ColumbiaMay 30, 2019
(amended June 1,
2020)Electric 136 9.7 % Second quarter of 2021
Pepco - Maryland October 26, 2020 Electric 110 10.2 % Second quarter of 2021
DPL - DelawareMarch 6, 2020
(amended February
2, 2021)Electric 23 10.3 % Third quarter of 2021
ACE - New Jersey December 9, 2020 Electric 67 10.3 % Fourth quarter of 2021
Transmission Formula Rates
The following total incre ases/(decreases) were included in the Utility Registrants' 2020 annua l electric transmission formula rate
updates. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Annual
Reconciliation
DecreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Allowed Return
on Rate Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 18 $ (4) $ 14 8.17 % 11.50 %
PECO 5 (28) (23) 7.47 % 10.35 %
BGE 16 (3) 4 7.26 % 10.50 %
Pepco 2 (46) (44) 7.81 % 10.50 %
DPL (4) (40) (44) 7.20 % 10.50 %
ACE 5 (25) (20) 7.40 % 10.50 %
Sales of Customer Accounts Receivable
On April 8, 2020, NER, a bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity , which is wholly owned by Generation, entered into an accounts
receivable financing facility with a number of financial institutions and a commercial paper conduit to sell certain customer accounts
receivables. Generation received approximately $500 million of cash in accordance with the initial sale of approximately $1.2 billion
receivables. See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Exelon’s Strategy and Outlook
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating
excellence. The separation gives each company the financial and strategic independence to focus on its specific customer needs,
while executing its core business strategy . See Note 26 — Subsequent Events of the Combin ed Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
In 2021, the businesses remain focused on maintaining industry leading operational excellence, meeting or exceeding their financial
commitments, ensuring timely recovery on inves tments to enable customer benefits, supporting enactment of clean energy policies,
and continued commitment to corporate responsibility .
Exelon’ s utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking
mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. The Utility Registrants only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to
customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. The Utility
Registrants make these investments at the lowest
66
Table of Contents
reasonable cost to customers. Exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced
standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. Additionally , the
Utility Regist rants anticipate making significant future investments in smart grid technology , transmission projects, gas infrastructure,
and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for
the company .
Generation’ s competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean, and
affordable energy . Generation’ s electricity gene ration strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and match
supply to customers. Generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both wholesale and retail customers.
Generation’ s customer-f acing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for
its customer s. Generati on operates in well-dev eloped energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage
commodity price volatilit y. Its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also
provide geographic and supply source diversi ty. These factors help Generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in
competitive energy markets.
Various market, financial, regulatory , legislative and operational factors could affect the Registrants' success in pursuing their
strategies. Exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy , and legal solutions to these issues. One key
issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which Exelon is actively pursuing
in a variety of jurisdictio ns and venues. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for additional information regarding market and financial
factors.
Growth Opportunities
Management continually  evaluates growth oppo rtunities aligned with Exelon’ s businesses, assets and markets, leveraging Exelon’ s
expertise in those areas and of fering sustainable returns.
Regulated Energy Businesses.  The Utility Registrants anticipate investing approximately $27 billion over the next four years in
electric and natural gas infrastructure improvem ents and modernization projects, including smart grid technology , storm hardening,
advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of
approximately $15 billion by the end of 2024. The Utility Registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the
community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. These investments are made
at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
Competitive Energy Businesses.  Generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets
as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. Generation’ s strategy is to ensure
appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that match
supply to customers as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic investments provide
the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
Other Key Business Drivers and Management Strategies
Utility Rates and Rate Proceedings
The Utility Registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission
and distribut ion, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. The outcomes of these
regulatory proceedings impact the Utility Registrants’  current and future results of operations, cash flows, and financial positions.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information on these
regulatory proceedings.
Power Markets
Price of Fuels
The use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places
downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in
Exelon’ s revenues. Forward natural gas prices have declined significantly
67
Table of Contents
over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas
development).
Section 232 Uranium Petition
On January 16, 2018, two Canadian-owned uranium mining companies with operations in the U.S. jointly submitted a petition to the
U.S. Depart ment of Commerce ("DOC") seeking relief under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 from imports of
uranium products, alleging that these imports threaten national security .
The United States Nucle ar Fuel Working Group  ("Working Group") report was made public on April 23, 2020. The Working Group
report states  that nuclear power is intrinsically tied to national security , and promises that the U.S. government will take bold actions
to strengthen all parts of the nuclear fuel industry in the U.S. It recommends the Agreement Suspending the Antidumping
Investigation on Uranium from the Russian Fede ration (the “Russian Suspension Agreement” or "RSA") be extended and to consider
reducing the amount of Russian imports of nuclear fuel. The Russian Suspension Agreement is the historical resolution of a 1991
DOC investigation that found that the Russians had been selling or “dumping” cheap uranium products into the U.S. The RSA has
been amended several times in the intervening years to allow Russia to supply limited amounts of uranium products into the U.S. It
was set to expire at the end of 2020, but was amended on October 5, 2020 to extend for another 20 years.
The Working Group report should be viewed as policy recommendations that may be implemented by executive agencies, congress,
and or regulatory bodies . Exelon and Generation  cannot currently predict the outcome of all of the policy changes recommended by
the W orking Group.
Complaint at FERC Seeking to Alter Capacity Market Default Of fer Caps
On Februar y 21, 2019, PJM's Independent Market Monitor (IMM) filed a complaint alleging that the number of performance
assessment intervals used to calculate the default offer cap for bids to supply capacity in PJM is too high, resulting in an overstated
default offer cap that obviates the need for most sellers to seek unit-specific approval of their offers. The IMM claims that this allows
for the exercise of market power . The IMM asks FERC to require PJM to reduce the number of performance assessment intervals
used to calculate the opportunity costs of a capacity supplier assuming a capacity obligation. This would, in turn, lower the default
offer cap and allow the IMM to review more offers on a unit-specific basis. It is too early to predict the final outcome of this
proceeding or its potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Energy Demand
Load growth  at the Utility Registrants is driven by recovery from COVID-19 impacts. ComEd  and PECO are projecting modest
growth in load of 2.5% and 1.8%, respectively , in 2021 as compared to reduced load in 2020 . BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE are
projecting slower growth as prolonged COVID-19 impacts decrease load by (2.0)%, (0.8)%, (0.9)%, and (2.4)%, respectively , in 2021
compared to 2020.
Retail Competition
Generation’ s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that Generation can
earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. Forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect
retail compe titors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including Generation) will
continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
Hedging Strategy
Exelon’ s policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of
market price  volatility . Generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio.
Generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap
options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counte rparties, to hedge this anticipated
exposure. As of Decemb er 31, 2020, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, and
ERCOT  reportable segments is 94%-97% for 2021. Generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging
strategies to mitigate commodity price risk.
68
Table of Contents
Generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies
are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. Approximately 60% of
Generation’ s uranium concentrate requirements  from 2021 through 2025 are supplied by three suppliers. In the event of non-
performance by these or other suppliers, Generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at
prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agree ments. Non-performance by these
counterparties could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated financial statements.
See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and ITEM 7A.
QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK for additional information.
The Utility Registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs
from retail customers.
Other Legislative and Regulatory Developments
Illinois Clean Energy Progress Act
On March 14, 2019, the Clean Energy Progress Act was introduced in the Illinois General Assembly to preserve Illinois’  clean energy
choices arising from FEJA  and empower the IPA to conduct capacity procurements outside of PJM’ s base residual auction process,
while utilizing the FRR provisions in PJM's tariffs which are still subject to penalties and other obligations under the PJM tariffs. The
most signific ant provisions of the proposed legislation are as follows: (1) it allows the IPA to procure capacity directly from clean
energy resources that have previously sold ZECs or RECs, including certain of Generation’ s nuclear plants in Illinois, or from new
clean energy resources, (2) it establishes a goal of achieving 100% carbon-free power in the ComEd service territory by 2032, and
(3) it implements reforms to enhance consumer protections in the state’ s competitive retail electricity and natural gas markets,
including Generation’ s retail customers. Energy legislation has also been proposed by other stakeholders in 2019 and 2020,
including renewable resource developers, enviro nmental advocates, and coal-fueled generators. Lawmakers focused their efforts on
understanding all of the various legislative proposals with the goal of developing a single comprehensive energy package for
ultimate consideration by the General Assembly and Governor Pritzker . Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislative calendar
during 2020 was severel y curtailed stalling progr ess on comprehensive energy legislation. The fall 2020 veto session was cancelled.
The next opportunity for the General Assembly to consider development of comprehensive energy legislation appears to come
during the 2021 spring legislative session. Exelon and Generation will work with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the
outcome or the potential financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Nuclear Powers Act of 2019
On April 12, 2019, the Nuclear Powers America Act of 2019 was introduced to the United States Congress, which expands the
current investment tax credit to existing nuclear power plants. The proposed legislation would  provide a credit equal to 30% of
continued capital investment in certain nuclear energy-related expenditures, including capital expenses and nuclear fuel, starting
from tax years 2019 through 2023. Thereafter , the credit rate would be reduced to 26% in 2024, 22% in 2025, and 10% in 2026 and
beyond. To qualify for the credit, the plant must be currently operational and must have applied for an operating license renewal
before 2026.  Exelon and Generation are workin g with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential
financial impact, if any , on Exelon or Generation.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP  requires that management apply accounting policies and make
estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial
statements. Management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or
incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently
69
Table of Contents
uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Additional information of the application of these accounting policies can be
found in the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon and Generation)
Generation’ s ARO associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $11.9 billion at December 31, 2020. The authoritative
guidance requires that Generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. To estimate
that liability , Generation  uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit
basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
As a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry , nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more
information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. At the same time, regulators are gaining more information about
decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirem ents. In addition, as more nuclear
plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in
decommissioning costs. The availability of NDT funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. Additionally , certain
factors such as changes  in regulatory requirem ents during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the
timing of plant retirements. These factors could  result in material changes to Generation’ s current estimates as more information
becomes available and could change the timing  of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome
scenarios.
The nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key
assumptions for the expected timing and/or estim ated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the
nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
Decommissioning Cost Studies. Generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment
of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current
decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. Decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis,
for each of Generation’ s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. As part of the
annual cost study update process, Generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs
to determine  if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the AROs across
the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
Cost Escalation Factors. Generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the
decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. Cost escalation
studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor ,
equipment and materials, energy , LLRW disposa l, and other costs. All of the nuclear AROs are adjusted each year for the updated
cost escalation factors.
Probabilistic Cash Flow Models. Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various
scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis.
Probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% highe r (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower
(low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. The assumed decommissioning scenarios include the following three alternatives:
(1) DECON which assumes decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2) Shortened SAFST OR
generally has a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities, and (3) SAFST OR which assumes the nuclear facility is
placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subs equently decontaminated generally
within 60 years after cessation of operations. In each decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as
soon as possible until DOE acceptance for disposal.
The actual decommissio ning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by Generation at the time of
shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the NDT  fund at the time of shutdown.
The assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the
original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended
70
Table of Contents
60-year nuclear license  term (regardless of whether such 20-year license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the
probability of a second, 20-year license renewal for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain
sites due to changing market conditions and regulatory environments. As power market and regulatory environment developments
occur , Generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary , the impacts of such developments into its nuclear ARO assumptions
and estimates.
Generation’ s probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of DOE acceptance of SNF for disposal.
Generation currently assumes DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2035. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on
management’ s estimates of the amount of time required for DOE to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure
for long-term SNF storag e. For additional informa tion regarding the estimated date when DOE will begin accepting SNF, see Note 19
— Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Discount Rates. The probability-weighted  estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using
credit-adjusted, risk-free  rates (CARFR) applicab le to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated.
Generation initially recognizes an ARO at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash
flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions. The ARO is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in
the CARFR that occur in isolation. Increases in the ARO as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are
considered new obligations and are measured using a current CARFR as the increase creates a new cost layer within the ARO. Any
decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the ARO are treated as a modification of an existing ARO cost
layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical CARFR rates used in creat ing the initial ARO cost layers. If
Generation’ s future nominal cash flows associat ed with the ARO were to be discounted at current prevailing CARFR, the obligation
would increase from approximately $11.9 billion  to approximately $15.0 billion .
The following table illustrates the significant impa ct that changes in the CARFR, when combined  with changes in projected amounts
and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the ARO (dollars in millions):
Change in the CARFR applied to the annual ARO update(Decrease) Increase to ARO at
December 31, 2020
2019 CARFR rather than the 2020 CARFR $ (370)
2020 CARFR increased by 50 basis points (390)
2020 CARFR decreased by 50 basis points 490 
ARO Sensitivities. Changes in the assumptions underlying the ARO could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. The
impact to the ARO of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may
correspondingly change.
The following table illustrates the effects of changing certain ARO assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars
in millions):
Change in ARO AssumptionIncrease to ARO at December 31,
2020
Cost escalation studies
Uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points $ 2,560 
Probabilistic cash flow models
Increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent 1,050 
Increase the likelihood of the DECON scenario by 10 percent and decrease the likelihood of the
SAFST OR scenario by 10 percent 610 
Shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent 1,690 
Extend the estimated date for DOE acceptance of SNF to 2040 280 
__________
(a)Excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
(b)Excludes any retired sites.(a)
(b)
71
Table of Contents
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies, Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements and Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for nuclear AROs.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, and PHI)
As of December 31, 2020, Exelon’ s $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists primarily of $2.6 billion at ComEd and $4 billion
at PHI. These entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more
frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units
below their carrying amount. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a
component) and is the level at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. ComEd has a single operating segment and reporting unit.
PHI’s operating segments and reporting units are Pepco, DPL, and ACE. See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Exelon's and ComEd’ s goodwill has been assigned entirely to
the ComEd reporting unit. Exelon's and PHI’s goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL, and ACE reporting units in the
amounts of $2.1 billion,  $1.4 billion, and $0.5 billion, respectively . See Note 13 — Intangible  Assets of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd, and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
Application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, and projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd’ s, Pepco's,
DPL's, and ACE's businesses and the fair value of debt.
While the 2020 annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to
changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of Exelon’ s,
ComEd's, or PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 13 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Unamortized Energy Contract Assets and Liabilities (Exelon, Generation, and PHI)
Unamortized energy contract assets and liabilitie s represent the remaining unamortized balance s of non-derivative energy contracts
that Generation has acquired and the electricity contracts Exelon acquired as part of the PHI merger . The initial amount recorded
represents the fair value  of the contracts at the time of acquisition. At Exelon and PHI, offsetting  regulatory assets or liabilities were
also recorded for those  energy contract costs that are probable of recovery or refund through  customer rates. The unamortized
energy contr act assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively , are amortized over the life of
the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. Amortization of the unamortized energy contract
assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenu es, depending on the nature of the
underlying contract. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 13 — Intangible Assets of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants)
All Registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets and asset groups for recoverability whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of potential
impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the
asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a short period of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology , plans
to dispose of a long-lived asset
72
Table of Contents
significantly before the end of its useful life, and financial distress of a third party for assets contracted with them on a long-term
basis, among others.
The review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and
estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. For the generation business,
forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of
fuel and the expected operations of assets. A variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the
recoverability of an asse t or asset group and, thus, could potentially result in material future impairments. An impairment evaluation
is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are
largely indep endent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For the generation business, the lowest level of independent
cash flows is determine d by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the
hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. The
cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the
customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and liabilities on the balance
sheet. In certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-
term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables). For such
assets the financial viability of the third party , including the impact of bankruptcy on the contract, may be a significant assumption in
the assessment.
On a quarterly basis, Generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. If indicators are present
for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is
performed. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not
recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant’ s
view of the exit price of the assets. This includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets
and market discount rates. Events and circumstances often do not occur as expected resulting  in differences between prospective
financial information and actual results, which may be material. The determination of fair value is driven by both internal assumptions
that include significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance
expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources.
See Note 12 — Asset Impairments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of asset
impairment assessments.
Depreciable Lives of Property, Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
The Registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution
assets. These assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite, or unitary methods of
depreciation. The group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have approxima tely the same useful lives and the
composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates
the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. The estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment,
supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. Depreciation studies are generally completed
every five years, or more  frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory actio n, or change in retirement patterns
indicate an update is necessary .
For the Utility Registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowe d in customer rates for recovery of
depreciation costs. Generally , the Utility Registr ants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with
adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align
with management’ s judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been upda ted on a timely basis. Depreciation
expense and customer rates for ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE include an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and
removing plant from service upon retirement. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
related to removal costs.
73
Table of Contents
PECO’ s removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the
life of the new asset constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method. Estimates for such removal costs are also
evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
At Generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and
generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating
facilities and reassesses the reasonableness of estimated useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances warrant. When
a determination has been made that an asset will be retired before the end of its current estimated useful life, depreciation provisions
will be accelerated to reflect the shortened estim ated useful life, which could have a material unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s future results of operations. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets
could have a significant impact on the Registrants’  future results of operations. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the
property , plant, and equipment of the Registrants.
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for substantially all current employees. The measurement of the
plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and
inputs and accounting policy elections. When developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well
as future expectations. The measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several  assumptions including the discount
rate, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increa se of health care costs, Exelon's
contributions, the rate of compensation increases, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain
plans, among others. The assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations.
Pension and OPEB plan assets include equity securities, including U.S. and international securi ties, and fixed income securities, as
well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity , and hedge funds.
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets. In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including
inflation and GDP  growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance,
weighted by Exelon’ s target asset class allocations. Exelon calculates the amount of expected  return on pension and OPEB plan
assets by multiplying the EROA  by the MRV of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated
contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. In determining MRV, the authoritative guidance for pensions and
postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic
and rational manner over not more than five years. For the majority of pension plan assets, Exelon uses a calculated value that
adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected MRV of plan assets. Use of this calculated value approach
enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. For OPEB plan
assets and certain pension plan assets, Exelon uses fair value to calculate the MR V.
Discount Rate. The discoun t rates are determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of
high-quality non-callable  (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and OPEB
obligations. The spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and OPEB
plans. The discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. Exelon utilizes an analytical tool
developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
Mortality . The mortalit y assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . Exelon’ s mortality
assumption utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2020 improvement scale adjusted to use Proxy SSA ultimate
improvement rates.
74
Table of Contents
Sensitivity to Changes in Key Assumptions . The following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial
assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
Actual Assumption
Actuarial Assumption Pension OPEBChange in
Assumption Pension OPEB Total
Change in 2020 cost:
Discount rate 3.34% 3.31% 0.5% $ (52) $ (14) $ (66)
3.34% 3.31% (0.5)% 70 15 85 
EROA 7.00% 6.69% 0.5% (91) (12) (103)
7.00% 6.69% (0.5)% 91 12 103 
Change in benefit obligation at
December 31, 2020:
Discount rate 2.58% 2.51% 0.5% (1,410) (268) (1,678)
2.58% 2.51% (0.5)% 1,631 309 1,940 
__________
(a)In general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and OPEB cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. Therefore,
the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. Additionally,
Exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. The sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting
impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 15 — Retirement Benefits of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans.
Regulatory Accounting (Exelon and Utility Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, Exelon and the Utility Registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in
their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are
established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or
products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers.
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such
amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved
regulatory programs. If it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed
above, Exelon and the Utility Registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the
impact, which could be material, would be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The following table illustrates the gains (losses) that could result from the elimination of regulato ry assets and liabilities and charges
against OCI (dollars in millions before taxes) related to deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and OPEB plans that are
recorded as regulatory assets in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets:
December 31, 2020 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Gain (loss) $ 79 $ 4,664 $ (177) $ 490 $ (798) $ (94) $ 260 $ (152)
Charge against OCI $ 3,984 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
___________
(a)Exelon's charge against OCI (before taxes) consists of up to $2.7 billion, $481 million, $193 million, $387 million, $188 million, and $91 million
related to ComEd's, BGE's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with Exelon's pension and
OPEB plans. Exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(36) million (before taxes) related to PECO’s portion of the deferred costs associated
with Exelon’s OPEB plans that would result in an increase in OCI if reversed.(a)
(a)
(a)
75
Table of Contents
See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information regarding
regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of Exelon and the Utility Registrants.
For each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, Exelon and the Utility Registr ants assess whether the regulatory
assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or refund at each balance sheet date and when
regulatory events occur . This assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar
costs in each Registran t's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. If the
assessments and estimates made by Exelon and the Utility Registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately
different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
Refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with
ICC-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for ComEd, and FERC transmission formula rate tariffs for the
Utility Registrants.
Accounting for Derivative Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registra nts use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk, and interest rate risk
related to ongoing business operations. The Registrants’  derivative activities are in accordanc e with Exelon’ s Risk Management
Policy (RMP ). See Note 16 — Derivative Finan cial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
The Registrants account for derivative financia l instruments under the applicable authoritative  guidance. Determining whether a
contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as
well as deter mining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. Changes in management’ s
assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded
contracts becoming in scope of new authoritative guidance.
All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected
under , NPNS . Derivatives entered into for economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes are recorded at fair value through
earnings. For economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the Utility Registrants, changes in the fair value
each period  are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability  given likelihood of recovering the
associated costs through customer rates.
NPNS. As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the
requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and
energy-related products in the retail and wholesa le markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery . While some of these
contracts are considered  derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions
have been designated by Generation as NPNS transactions, which are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on
an accrual basis of accounting. Determining whether a contract qualifies for the NPNS requires  judgment on whether the contract
will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation
requirements. Revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as NPNS are recognized when the underlying physical transaction
is completed . Contracts that qualify for the NPN S are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be
used or sold in the norm al course of business over a reasonable period of time, and the contract is not financially settled on a net
basis. The contracts that ComEd has entered into with suppliers as part of ComEd’ s energy  procurement process, PECO’ s full
requirement contracts under the PAPUC-approved DSP program, most of PECO’ s natural gas supply agreements, all of BGE’ s full
requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives, and certain Pepco, DPL, and ACE full requirement
contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the NPNS.
Commodity Contracts. Identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires Generation to determine that the
contract is in accordance  with the RMP . Generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regula r basis to determine if they continue
to be within the guidelines of the RMP .
76
Table of Contents
As a part of the authorita tive guidance, the Registrants make estimates and assumptions conce rning future commodity prices, load
requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the
expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial
accounting treatment for derivative transactions . Under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the Registrants
categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuatio n techniques used to measure fair
value.
Derivative contracts are traded in both exchang e-based and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are
valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy .
Certain derivatives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter , on-line
exchanges. The price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the Registrants believe provide the
most liquid market for the commodity . The price  quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and
representative of an orderly transaction between  market participants. The Registrant’ s derivative s are traded predominately at liquid
trading points. The remaining derivative contrac ts are valued using models that consider input s such as contract terms, including
maturity , and market parameters, and assumpt ions of the future prices of energy , interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness, and
credit sprea d. For derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps, and options, the model inputs are
generally observable. Such instruments are categorized in Level 2.
For derivativ es that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both
observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in Level 3.
The Registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical
and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. The impacts of nonperformance and credit
risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
See ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT  MARKET  RISK and Note 18 — Fair Value of Financial
Assets and Liabilities and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding the Registrants’  derivative instruments.
Taxation (All Registrants)
Significant management judgment is required in determining the Registrants’  provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the
uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. The Registrants
account for uncertain income tax positions using  a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-
not recogniti on threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax bene fit that is greater than 50% likely of
being realize d upon ultimate settlement. Manag ement evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and
circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant
information. Significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate
amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
The Registrants evaluate quarterly the probabili ty of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income
and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary , to realize deferred tax assets. The Registrants also
assess negative evidence, such as the expirat ion of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the
Registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. Based on the combined assessment, the Registrants record valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
Actual incom e taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various  items, including future changes in
income tax laws, the Registrants’  forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax
planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. See Note 14 — Income
Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
77
Table of Contents
Accounting for Loss Contingencies (All Registrants)
In the preparation of their financial statements, the Registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events
and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information.
The amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. Such difference could have a
significant impact in the Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
Environmental Costs. Environmental investigat ion and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number
of sites for which the Registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs
that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology , regulations, and the
requirements of local governmental authorities. Annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL to
determine future remediation requirements for MGP  sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly . In addition, periodic reviews are
performed at each of the Registrants to asses s the adequacy of other environmental reserves. These matters, if resolved in a
manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the Registrants’  consolidated financial statements. See Note
19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other , Including Personal Injury Claims. The Registrants are self-insured for general liability , automotive liability , workers’
compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance
maintained. The Registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported
(IBNR). The IBNR reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually . Future events, such
as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties
surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than
estimated. Accordingly , these claims, if resolve d in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact in the
Registrants’  consolidated financial statements.
78
Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition (All Registrants)
Sources of Revenue and Determination of Accounting Treatment. The Registr ants earn revenues from various business
activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capac ity, and other commodities in non-
regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of
other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
The account ing treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative
guidance. The Registrants primarily apply the Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Derivative and ARP guidance to recognize
revenue as discussed in more detail below .
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The Registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations
within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power , natur al gas, and other energy-related
commodities are physically delivered to the customer . Transactions of the Registrants within the scope of Revenue from Contracts
with Custom ers general ly include non-derivative agreements, contracts that are designated as NPNS, sales to utility customers
under regulated service tarif fs, and spot-market energy commodity sales, including settlements with ISOs.
The determination of Generation’ s and the Utility Registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on
systematic readings of customer meters, generally on a monthly basis. At the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to
customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. The
measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usag e measured by generation or gas
throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates.
Increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities’  customers and favorable or unfav orable rate mix due to changes in
usage patte rns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. In addition, revenues
may fluctuat e monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier , since unbilled commodity revenues are not
recorded for these customers. Changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled
for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however , total operating revenues would remain
materially unchanged. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information.
Derivative Revenues. The Registr ants record  revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of acco unting for
transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. These derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk
management activities. Mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair
value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts, and realized gains and losses.
Alternative Revenue Program Accounting. Certain of the Utility Registrants’  ratemaking mechanisms qualify as ARPs if they (i)
are establish ed by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above
those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery , and (iii)
allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized.
For mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the Utility Registrants’  formula rate mechanisms and revenue decoupling
mechanisms, the Utility Registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event
allowing additional billing  or refund has occurred. The ARP revenues presented in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income include both: (i) the recognition of “originating” ARP revenues (when the regulator-specified
condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the “originating”
ARP revenues as those  amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized  as Revenue from Contracts with
Customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , distributed generation rebates, and
transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that ComEd believes are probable of approval by the ICC and
FERC in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco, and DPL record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the
electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval
by the MDPSC and/or DCPSC in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates
79
Table of Contents
that they believe are probable of approval by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. Estimates of the current year
revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return
on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. The estimated reconciliation can be
affected by , among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed ROE, and actions by regulators or courts.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Customer Accounts Receivable (Utility Registrants)
Utility Regist rants estima te the allowance for credit losses on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for
each company based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors to the outstanding receivable
balance by customer risk segment. Risk segments represent a group of customers with similar forward-looking credit quality
indicators and risk factors that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment
history and represent expected, future customer behavior . Loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a
historical average of charge-of fs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. The Utility Registrants' customer
accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally
occurs on a monthly basis. Utility Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements.
Utility Registrants' allowances for credit losses will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices, and economic conditions as
well as changes in ICC, P APUC, MDPSC, DCPSC, DPSC, and NJBPU regulations.
80
Table of Contents
Generation
Results of Operations by Registrant
Results of Operations—Generation
Generation’ s Results of Operations includes discussion of RNF, which is a financial measure not defined under GAAP  and may not
be compara ble to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this
report. The CODMs for Exelon and Generation evaluate the performance of Generation's electric business activities and allocate
resources based on RNF. Generation believes that RNF is a useful measure because it provid es information that can be used to
evaluate its operational performance.
2020 2019(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 17,603 $ 18,924 $ (1,321)
Purchased power and fuel expense 9,585 10,856 1,271 
Revenues net of purchased power
and fuel expense 8,018 8,068 (50)
Other operating expenses
Operating and maintenance 5,168 4,718 (450)
Depreciation and amortization 2,123 1,535 (588)
Taxes other than income taxes 482 519 37 
Total other operating expenses 7,773 6,772 (1,001)
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 11 27 (16)
Operating income 256 1,323 (1,067)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense (357) (429) 72 
Other , net 937 1,023 (86)
Total other income and (deductions) 580 594 (14)
Income before income taxes 836 1,917 (1,081)
Income taxes 249 516 267 
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (8) (184) 176 
Net income 579 1,217 (638)
Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (10) 92 (102)
Net income attributable to membership interest $ 589 $ 1,125 $ (536)
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019. Net income attributable to membership
interest decreased by $536 million  primarily due to:
•One-time charges and accelerated depreciation  and amortization associated with Generation's decisions in the third
quarter of 2020 to early retire Byron and Dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and Mystic Units 8 and 9 in 2024, partially
offset by the absence of accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of TMI in September
2019;
•Impairment of the New England asset group;
•Lower capacity revenue;
•Reduction in load due to COVID-19;
81
Table of Contents
Generation
•Lower realized energy prices;
•Higher nuclear outage days;
•Impact of Generation's annual update to the nuclear ARO for Non-regulatory Agreement Units;
•Lower net unrealized and realized gains on NDT  funds;
•COVID-19 direct costs; and
The decreases were partially of fset by:
•Higher mark-to-market gains;
•Unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded
entities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of December
31, 2020;
•Lower opera ting and maintenance expense primarily due to previous cost management programs, lower contracting
costs, and lower travel costs partially of fset by lower NEIL  insurance distributions;
•Lower nuclear fuel costs;
•Lower depreciation and amortization expense due to the impact of extending the operating license at Peach Bottom;
•A tax benefit  related to a settlement in the first quarter of 2020, partially offset by the absence of a tax benefit related to
certain research and development activities recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019.
Revenues Net of Purchased Power and Fuel Expense. The basis for Generation's reportable segments is the integrated
management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and large ly representative of the footprints of
ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels
(wholesale and retail). Generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions.
Generation's five reportable segments are Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, ERCOT , and Other Power Regions. See Note 5 —
Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these reportable
segments.
The following business activities are not allocated to a region and are reported under Other: natural gas, as well as other
miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations. Further , the following
activities are not allocated to a region and are reported in Other: accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear
decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
Generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of RNF. Operating revenues
include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants. Purchased power costs include all costs associated with
the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity , energy ,
82
Table of Contents
Generation
and ancillary services. Fuel expense includes the fuel costs for owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
For the years ended December 31, 2020 compa red to 2019, RNF by region were as follows. See Note 5 - Segment Information of
the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Purchase power and fuel expense for
Generation’ s reportable segments.
2020 vs. 2019
2020 2019 Variance % Change
Mid-Atlantic $ 2,204 $ 2,655 $ (451) (17.0) %
Midwest 2,902 2,962 (60) (2.0)%
New York 997 1,094 (97) (8.9)%
ERCOT 426 308 118 38.3 %
Other Power Regions 665 620 45 7.3 %
Total electric revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense 7,194 7,639 (445) (5.8)%
Mark-to-market gains (losses) 295 (215) 510 237.2 %
Other 529 644 (115) (17.9) %
Total revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense $ 8,018 $ 8,068 $ (50) (0.6)%
__________
(a)Includes results of transactions with PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(b)Includes results of transactions with ComEd.(a)
(b)
83
Table of Contents
Generation
Generation’ s supply sources by region are summarized below:
2020 vs. 2019
Supply Source (GWhs) 2020 2019 Variance % Change
Nuclear Generation
Mid-Atlantic 52,202 58,347 (6,145) (10.5) %
Midwest 96,322 94,890 1,432 1.5 %
New York 26,561 28,088 (1,527) (5.4)%
Total Nuclear Generation 175,085 181,325 (6,240) (3.4)%
Fossil and Renewables
Mid-Atlantic 2,206 2,884 (678) (23.5) %
Midwest 1,240 1,374 (134) (9.8)%
New York 4 5 (1) (20.0) %
ERCOT 11,982 13,572 (1,590) (11.7) %
Other Power Regions 11,121 11,476 (355) (3.1)%
Total Fossil and Renewables 26,553 29,311 (2,758) (9.4)%
Purchased Power
Mid-Atlantic 22,487 14,790 7,697 52.0 %
Midwest 770 1,424 (654) (45.9) %
ERCOT 5,636 4,821 815 16.9 %
Other Power Regions 51,079 48,673 2,406 4.9 %
Total Purchased Power 79,972 69,708 10,264 14.7 %
Total Supply/Sales by Region
Mid-Atlantic 76,895 76,021 874 1.1 %
Midwest 98,332 97,688 644 0.7 %
New York 26,565 28,093 (1,528) (5.4)%
ERCOT 17,618 18,393 (775) (4.2)%
Other Power Regions 62,200 60,149 2,051 3.4 %
Total Supply/Sales by Region 281,610 280,344 1,266 0.5 %
__________
(a)Includes the proportionate share of output where Generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and
includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. CENG).
(b)Includes affiliate sales to PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE in the Mid-Atlantic region and affiliate sales to ComEd in the Midwest region.
(c)Reflects a decrease in load due to COVID-19.(a)
(c)
(b)
(b)
84
Table of Contents
Generation
For the years ended December 31, 2020 compared to 2019 changes in RNF by region were as follows:
2020 vs. 2019
(Decrease)/Increase Description
Mid-Atlantic $ (451) • decre ased revenue due to the permanent ceas e of generation
operations at TMI in the third quarter of 2019
• decreased capacity revenues
• lower realized energy prices, partially of fset by
• increase in newly contracted load offset by impacts of COVID-
19
• incre ased ZEC revenues due to the approval  of the NJ ZEC
program in the second quarter of 2019
Midwest (60) • decreased capacity revenues
• lower realized energy prices
• decre ased load due to COVID-19 offset by an increase in total
ISO sales, partially of fset by
• decreased nuclear outage days
New York (97) • increased nuclear outage days
• decreased ZEC revenues due to increased outage days
• lower realized energy prices
• decreased load due to COVID-19 offset by newly contracted
load, partially of fset by
• increased capacity revenues
ERCOT 118 • lower procurement costs for owned and contracted assets
• higher portfolio optimization, partially of fset by
• lower realized energy prices
Other Power Regions 45 • higher portfolio optimization
• increase in newly contracted load offset by impacts of COVID-
19, partially of fset by
• decreased capacity revenues
• lower realized energy prices
Mark-to-market 510 • gains on economic hedging activities of $295 million in 2020
compared to losses of $215 million in 2019
Other (115) • increase in accelerate d nuclear fuel amortiza tion associated
with announced early plant retirements • decreased revenue
related to the energy ef ficiency business
Total $ (50)
__________
(a)See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
mark-to-market gains and losses.(a)
85
Table of Contents
Generation
Nuclear Fleet Capacity Factor . The following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the Generation-operated plants, which
reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by Exelon, excluding Salem, which is operated by PSEG. The nuclear fleet
capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the
plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. Generation considers capacity factor to be a useful
measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. Generation has included the analysis below as a complement to
the financial  information provided in accordance with GAAP . However , these measures are not a presentation defined under GAAP
and may not be comparable to other companies ’ presentations or be more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in
this report.
2020 2019
Nuclear fleet capacity factor 95.4 % 95.7 %
Refueling outage days 260 209 
Non-refueling outage days 19 51 
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense , consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Asset Impairments $ 499 
ARO update 125 
Nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned Salem plants 60 
Insurance 52 
COVID-19 direct costs 46 
Litigation settlements 26 
Change in environmental liabilities 18 
Credit loss expense 16 
Accretion expense 14 
Plant retirements and divestitures (8)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (19)
Corporate allocations (35)
Travel costs (38)
Other (71)
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (235)
Total increase $ 450 
__________
(a)Increased credit loss expense including impacts from COVID-19.
(b)Primarily reflects decreased costs related to the permanent cease of generation operations at TMI, lower labor costs resulting from previous cost
management programs, and decreased contracting costs.
Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 increased
primarily due to the accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with Generation's decision to early retire the Byron and
Dresden nuclear facilities, partially of fset by the permanent cease of generation operations at TMI.
Taxes other than income taxes  for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019  decreased p rimarily
due to decreased sales and power usage.
Gain on sales of assets and businesses  for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 decreased
primarily due to Generation's gain on sale of certain wind assets in 2019 partially of fset by the loss on sale of Oyster Creek.
Other , net for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019  decre ased  due to activity associate d with
NDT funds as described in the table below .(a)
(b)
86
Table of Contents
Generation
2020 2019
Net unrealized gains on NDT  funds $ 391 $ 411 
Net realized gains on sale of NDT  funds 70 253 
Interest and dividend income on NDT  funds 90 110 
Contractual elimination of income tax expense 180 216 
Unrealized gains from equity investments 186 — 
Other 20 33 
Total other , net $ 937 $ 1,023 
__________
(a)Unrealized gains, realized gains, and interest and dividend income on the NDT funds are associated with the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units.
(b)Contractual elimination of income tax expense is associated with the income taxes on the NDT funds of the Regulatory Agreement Units.
(c)Unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded entities in the fourth
quarter of 2020 and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of December 31, 2020.
Interest Expense  for the year ended December 31, 2020  compared to the same period in 2019  decreased primarily due to the
redemption of long-term debt in 2020.
Effective income tax rates were 29.8%  and 26.9% for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively . The change in
2020 is primarily related  to one-time income tax settlements partiall y offset by the absence of research and development refund
claims. S ee Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates  for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019
increased primarily due to the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies in the third quarter
of 2019.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019
decreased primarily due to lower unrealized losses on NDT  fund investments for CENG.(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
87
Table of Contents
ComEd
Results of Operations—ComEd
2020 2019Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 5,904 $ 5,747 $ 157 
Operating expenses
Purchased power expense 1,998 1,941 (57)
Operating and maintenance 1,520 1,305 (215)
Depreciation and amortization 1,133 1,033 (100)
Taxes other than income taxes 299 301 2 
Total operating expenses 4,950 4,580 (370)
Gain on sales of assets — 4 (4)
Operating income 954 1,171 (217)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (382) (359) (23)
Other , net 43 39 4 
Total other income and (deductions) (339) (320) (19)
Income before income taxes 615 851 (236)
Income taxes 177 163 (14)
Net income $ 438 $ 688 $ (250)
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019 . Net income  decreased by $250 million  primarily
due to payments that ComEd made under the Deferred Prosecution Agreement, an impairment charge resulting from acquisition of
transmission assets, and lower allowed electric distribution ROE due to a decrease in treasury rates, partially offset by higher electric
distribution formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of higher rate base). See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Deferred Prosecution Agreement.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase
Energy ef ficiency $ 37 
Electric distribution 36 
Transmission 2 
Other 29
104 
Regulatory required programs 53
Total increase $ 157 
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electrici ty is affected by weather and customer usage. Operating revenues are not impacted
by abnormal weather , usage per customer , or number of customers as a result of revenue decoupling mechanisms implemented
pursuant to FEJA.
88
Table of Contents
ComEd
Energy Efficiency Revenue.  FEJA  provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Under FEJA, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being
recovered, and allowed ROE. Energy efficiency revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the
same period  in 2019, primarily due to increase d regulatory asset amortization which is fully recoverable. See Depreciation and
amortization expense discussions below and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
Distribution Revenue. EIMA  and FEJA  provide for a performance-based  formula rate, which requires an annual reconcil iation of the
revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the ICC determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year.
Electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm
restoration), investments  being recovered, and allowed ROE. During the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the same
period in 2019, electric distribution revenue increased due to the impact of higher rate base and higher fully recoverable costs, offset
by lower allowed ROE due to a decrease in treasury rates. See Note  3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs, capital investments being recov ered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, transmission revenues
remained relatively consistent. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
Other Revenue primarily includes assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs. The increase in Other
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, primarily reflects mutual assistance
revenues associated with storm restoration ef forts.
Regulatory Required Programs represents revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as recoveries under the credit loss expense tariff, environmental costs associate d with MGP  sites, and costs related
to electricity , ZEC, and REC procurement. The riders are designed to provide full and current  cost recovery . The costs of these
programs are included in Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense,
and Taxes other than income. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as ComEd remains the distribution service provider for all
customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose
to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, ComEd acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record Operating
revenues or Purchased power expense related  to the electricity . For customers that choose to purchase electric generation from
ComEd, ComEd is permitted to recover the electricity , ZEC, and REC procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records
equal and of fsetting amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased power expense related to the electricity , ZECs, and RECs.
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Stateme nts for the presentation of ComEd's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase of $57 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, in Purchased power
expense  is offset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
89
Table of Contents
ComEd
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Deferred Prosecution Agreement payme nts $ 200 
BSC costs 20 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 7 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense 5 
Storm-related cos ts (12)
Other (4)
216 
Regulatory required programs (1)
Total increase $ 215 
__________
(a)See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)For the year ended December 31, 2020, the decrease primarily reflects lower storm costs as a result of the August 2020 storm costs being
reclassified to a regulatory asset.
(c)For the year ended December 31, 2020, the decrease primarily reflects lower travel costs offset by an impairment charge related to acquisition
of transmission assets.
(d)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in
rates annually through a rider mechanism.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase
Regulatory asset amortization $ 64 
Depreciation and amortization expense 36 
Total increase $ 100 
__________
(a)Includes amortization of ComEd's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset and amortization related to the August 2020 storm regulatory
asset.
(b)Reflects ongoing capital expenditures.
Interest Expense, net increased $23 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019,
primarily due to the issuance of debt in February 2020.
Effective income tax rates  for the years ended December 31, 2020  and 2019, were 28.8% and 19.2%, respectively . See Note 14
— Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the components
of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a)
(b)
90
Table of Contents
PECO
Results of Operations—PECO
2020 2019(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 3,058 $ 3,100 $ (42)
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel expense 1,018 1,029 11 
Operating and maintenance 975 861 (114)
Depreciation and amortization 347 333 (14)
Taxes other than income taxes 172 165 (7)
Total operating expenses 2,512 2,388 (124)
Gain on sales of assets — 1 (1)
Operating income 546 713 (167)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (147) (136) (11)
Other , net 18 16 2 
Total other income and (deductions) (129) (120) (9)
Income before income taxes 417 593 (176)
Income taxes (30) 65 95 
Net income $ 447 $ 528 $ (81)
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019.  Net income  decreased by $81 million primarily
due to unfavorable weather conditions, higher storm costs due to the June and August 2020 storms net of tax repairs, increased
depreciation and amortization expense, and increased interest expense, partially offset by favorable volume and an increase in the
tax repairs deduction.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
(Decrease) Increase
Electric Gas Total
Weather $ (29) $ (21) $ (50)
Volume 12 (3) 9 
Pricing 2 6 8 
Transmission 11 — 11 
Other (7) (1) (8)
(11) (19) (30)
Regulatory required programs 65 (77) (12)
Total increase (decrease) $ 54 $ (96) $ (42)
Weather . The demand for electric ity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric business, very
warm weath er in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months
are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and
natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. For the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019, Opera ting revenu es related to weather decreased due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in PECO's service
territory .
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based  on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in
PECO’ s service territor y. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in PECO’ s service territory for the years ended
December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 and normal weather consisted of the following:
91
Table of Contents
PECO
 For the Years Ended December 31,  % Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2020 2019 Normal 2020 vs. 2019 2019 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 3,959 4,307 4,437 (8.1)% (10.8) %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,521 1,610 1,423 (5.5)% 6.9 %
Volume.  Electric volume, exclusi ve of the effects of weath er, for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019, increased due to an increase in usage for residential customers during COVID-19 further increased by customer growth.
Natural gas volume for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, decreased on a net basis due to a
decrease in usage for the commercial and industrial natural gas classes during COVID-19.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2020 2019% Change
2020 vs. 2019Weather -
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries
Residential 14,041 13,650 2.9 % 5.6 %
Small commercial & industrial 7,210 7,983 (9.7)% (8.2)%
Large commercial & industrial 13,669 14,958 (8.6)% (8.5)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 575 725 (20.7) % (20.7) %
Total electric retail deliveries 35,495 37,316 (4.9)% (3.5)%
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
 As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2020 2019
Residential 1,508,622 1,494,462 
Small commercial & industrial 154,421 154,000 
Large commercial & industrial 3,101 3,104 
Public authorities & electric railroads 10,206 10,039 
Total 1,676,350 1,661,605 
Natural Gas Deliveries to customers (in mmcf) 2020 2019% Change
2020 vs. 2019Weather -
Normal %
Change
Retail Deliveries
Residential 38,272 40,196 (4.8)% 1.6 %
Small commercial & industrial 19,341 23,828 (18.8) % (6.6)%
Large commercial & industrial 36 50 (28.0) % (11.9) %
Transportation 24,533 25,822 (5.0)% (2.9)%
Total natural gas deliveries 82,182 89,896 (8.6)% (1.8)%
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from PECO and customers purchasing electricity from a
competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
92
Table of Contents
PECO
 As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2020 2019
Residential 492,298 487,337 
Small commercial & industrial 44,472 44,374 
Large commercial & industrial 5 2 
Transportation 713 730 
Total 537,488 532,443 
Pricing for the year ended December 31, 2020 compa red to the same period in 2019 increased primarily due to higher overall
effective rates due to decreased usage across all major customer classes. Additionally , the increase represents revenue from higher
natural gas distribution rates.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. PECO's transmission formula rate filing was approved in the fourth
quarter of 2019.
Other Revenue primarily includes revenue related to late payment charges. Other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020
compared to the same period in 2019, decrea sed as PECO ceased new late fees for all customers and restored service to
customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months beginning March of 2020.
Regulatory Required Programs  repre sents revenues collected under approve d riders to recover costs incurred for regulator y
programs such as energ y efficiency , PGC, and the GSA. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as
a return. The costs of these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel expense, Operating and maintenance expense,
Depreciation and amortization expense, and Income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from
competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as
PECO rema ins the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is
recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive
suppliers, PECO acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense
related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from PECO,
PECO is permitted to recover the electricity , natural gas, and REC procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal
and offsettin g amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity , natural gas, and
RECs.
See Note 5—Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of PECO's
revenue disaggregation.
The decrease of $11 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, respectively , in
Purchased power and fuel expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
93
Table of Contents
PECO
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
 Increase (Decrease)
Storm-related costs $ 82 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 23 
Credit loss expense 12 
BSC costs 1 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (4)
Other 7 
121 
Regulatory Required Programs (7)
Total increase $ 114 
__________
(a)Reflects increased storm costs due to June and August 2020 storms.
(b)Increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in
2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to COVID-19. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
 Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 16 
Regulatory asset amortization (2)
Total increase $ 14 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Interest expense, net increased $11 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same perio d in 2019,
respectively , primarily due to the issuance of debt in June 2020.
Effective income tax rates  were (7.2)%  and 11.0% for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively . See Note 14 —
Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of the change in effective
income tax rates.(a)
(b)
(a)
94
Table of Contents
BGE
Results of Operations—BGE
2020 2019(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 3,098 $ 3,106 $ (8)
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel expense 991 1,052 61 
Operating and maintenance 789 760 (29)
Depreciation and amortization 550 502 (48)
Taxes other than income taxes 268 260 (8)
Total operating expenses 2,598 2,574 (24)
Operating income 500 532 (32)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (133) (121) (12)
Other , net 23 28 (5)
Total other income and (deductions) (110) (93) (17)
Income before income taxes 390 439 (49)
Income taxes 41 79 38 
Net income $ 349 $ 360 $ (11)
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019.  Net income  remained relatively consistent
primarily due to higher natural gas and electric distribution rates, partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization expense,
increased interest expen se, increased expense due to a commitment to a multi-year small business grants program, and a decrease
in other revenues.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Electric Gas Total
Distribution $ 30 $ 54 $ 84 
Transmission (3) — (3)
Other (14) (9) (23)
13 45 58 
Regulatory required programs (55) (11) (66)
Total (decrease) increase $ (42) $ 34 $ (8)
95
Table of Contents
BGE
Revenue Decoupling. The demand  for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating
revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) that
provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal
weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2020 2019
Residential 1,190,678 1,177,333 
Small commercial & industrial 114,173 114,504 
Large commercial & industrial 12,478 12,322 
Public authorities & electric railroads 267 268 
Total 1,317,596 1,304,427 
As of December 31,
Number of Gas Customers 2020 2019
Residential 647,188 639,426 
Small commercial & industrial 38,267 38,345 
Large commercial & industrial 6,101 6,037 
Total 691,556 683,808 
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the
impact of higher natural gas and electric distribution rates that became ef fective in December 2019.
Transmission Revenue.  Under a FERC-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019, primarily due to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by higher
fully recoverable costs. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
Other Revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance, off-system sales, and service application
fees. Other revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, as BGE temporarily
suspended customer disconnections for non-payment beginning March of 2020 and temporarily ceased new late fees for all
customers and restored service to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as conservation, demand respon se, STRIDE, and the POLR mechanism. The riders are designed to provide full and
current cost recovery , as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel
expense, Operating and maintenance expense , Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes.
Customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers.
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as BGE remains the distributio n service provider for all customers
and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to
purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, BGE acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record
Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natura l gas. For customers that choose to
purchase electric genera tion or natural gas from BGE, BGE is permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs
from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and/or natural gas in Operating revenues and Purchased
power and fuel expense. BGE recovers electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
96
Table of Contents
BGE
See Note 5 — Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of BGE's
revenue disaggregation.
The decrease of $61 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, respectively , in
Purchased power and fuel expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Small business grants commitment $ 15 
BSC costs 13 
Credit loss expense 7 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials (1)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (2)
32 
Regulatory required programs (3)
Total increase $ 29 
__________
(a)Reflects increased charitable contributions as a result of a commitment in 2020 to a multi-year small business grants program.
(b)Increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in
2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to COVID-19. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase
Depreciation and amortization $ 35 
Regulatory required programs 10 
Regulatory asset amortization 3 
Total increase $ 48 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other  than income increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to
higher property taxes.
Interest expense, net increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the
issuance of debt in September 2019 and June 2020.
Effective income tax rates  were 10.5% and 18.0% for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively . The change is
primarily related to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the components of the ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(b)
(a)
97
Table of Contents
PHI
Results of Operations—PHI
PHI’s Results of Operations include the results of its three reportable segments, Pepco, DPL, and ACE. PHI also has a business
services subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the
applicable subsidiaries. Additionally , the results of PHI's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities.
All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The following table sets forth PHI's
GAAP  consolidated Net Income by Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. See the
Results of Operations for Pepco, DPL, and ACE for additional information.
2020 2019Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
PHI $ 495 $ 477 $ 18 
Pepco 266 243 23 
DPL 125 147 (22)
ACE 112 99 13 
Other (8) (12) 4 
__________
(a)Primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, PHI's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and
investing activities.
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019. Net income  increased by $18 million primarily
due to higher electric distribution rates, higher transmission rates (net of the impact of the settlement agreement of ongoing
transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities), and decreased expense resulting from an absence of an increase in
environmental liabilities,  and a gain on sale of land at Pepco in the fourth quarter of 2020 , partially offset by an increase in
depreciation and amortization expense, an increase in DPL storm costs related to the August 2020 storms in Delaware, an increase
in credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in
2020 related to incremen tal credit loss expense due to COVID-19, and unfavorable weather conditions in ACE and DPL Delaware's
service territories.(a)
98
Table of Contents
Pepco
Results of Operations—Pepco
2020 2019(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 2,149 $ 2,260 $ (111)
Operating expenses
    Purchased power expense 602 665 63 
Operating and maintenance 453 482 29 
Depreciation and amortization 377 374 (3)
Taxes other than income taxes 367 378 11 
Total operating expenses 1,799 1,899 100 
Gain on sales of assets 9 — 9 
Operating income 359 361 (2)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (138) (133) (5)
Other , net 38 31 7 
Total other income and (deductions) (100) (102) 2 
Income before income taxes 259 259 — 
Income taxes (7) 16 23 
Net income $ 266 $ 243 $ 23 
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019.  Net income  increased by $23 million primarily
due to decreased expense resulting from an absence of an increase in environmental liabilities, increased electric distribution
revenues, and a gain on sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2020, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization
expense and an increase in credit loss expense  primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections partially offset by the
regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to COVID-19.
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Distribution 19 
Transmission (36)
Other (3)
(20)
Regulatory required programs (91)
Total decrease $ (111)
Revenue Decoupling.  The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in both Maryland and the District of Columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a
result of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While
Operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the number of
customers.
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2020 2019
Residential 832,190 817,770 
Small commercial & industrial 53,800 54,265 
Large commercial & industrial 22,459 22,271 
Public authorities & electric railroads 168 160 
Total 908,617 894,466 
99
Table of Contents
Pepco
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to
higher electric distribution rates in Maryland that became ef fective in August 2019 and customer growth in the District of Columbia.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019 primary due to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.  Other revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, as Pepco
temporarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment beginning March of 2020 and temporarily ceased new late fees for
all customers and restored services to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, DC PLUG, and SOS procurement and administrative costs. The riders are designed
to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of these programs are included in
Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and amortization expense, and Taxes other than
income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. Customer choice
programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as Pepco remains the distribution service provi der for all customers and charges a
regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customer s that choose to purchase electric
generation from compe titive suppliers, Pepco acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record Operating revenues or
Purchased power expense related to the electricity . For customers that choose to purchase elect ric generation from Pepco, Pepco is
permitted to recover the electricity and REC procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the
electricity and RECs in Operating revenues and Purchased power expense. Pepco recovers electricity and REC procurement costs
from customers with a slight mark-up.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of Pepco's
revenue disaggregation.
The decreas e of $63 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, in Purchased power
expense  is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
100
Table of Contents
Pepco
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
(Decrease) Increase
Change in environmental liabilities $ (22)
Expiration of lease arrangement (15)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (6)
BSC and PHISCO costs (4)
Storm related costs (2)
Credit loss expense 8 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 15 
Other (1)
(27)
Regulatory required programs (2)
Total decrease $ (29)
__________
(a)Increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in
2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to COVID-19. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation expense $ 18 
Regulatory asset amortization (2)
Regulatory required programs (13)
Total increase $ 3 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other than incom e decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to
lower taxes as part of regulatory required programs that are fully of fset within Operating revenues.
Interest expense , net increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to
issuance of debt in June 2019, February 2020, and June 2020.
Gain on sales of assets  for the year ended December 31, 2020 compare d to the year ended December 31, 2019 increased due the
sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Effective income tax rates were (2.7)%  and 6.2% for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively . The change is
primarily related to the settlement agreement of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
101
Table of Contents
DPL
Results of Operations—DPL
2020 2019(Unfavorable)
Favorable Variance
Operating revenues $ 1,271 $ 1,306 $ (35)
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel expense 503 526 23 
Operating and maintenance 361 323 (38)
Depreciation and amortization 191 184 (7)
Taxes other than income taxes 65 56 (9)
Total operating expenses 1,120 1,089 (31)
Operating income 151 217 (66)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (61) (61) — 
Other , net 10 13 (3)
Total other income and (deductions) (51) (48) (3)
Income before income taxes 100 169 (69)
Income taxes (25) 22 47 
Net income $ 125 $ 147 $ (22)
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019.  Net income decreased by $22 million primarily
due to an increase in storm costs related to the August 2020 storms in Delaware, an increase in credit loss expense primarily as a
result of suspending customer disconnections partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit
loss expense due to COVID-19, unfavorable weather conditions in DPL's Delaware electric service territory , and an increase in
depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by higher electric distribution rates and an increase in transmission rates (net
of the impact of the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities).
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
(Decrease) Increase
Electric Gas Total
Weather $ (9) $ — $ (9)
Volume 2 (5) (3)
Distribution 12 4 16 
Transmission (18) — (18)
Other 2 (1) 1 
(11) (2) (13)
Regulatory required programs (17) (5) (22)
Total decrease $ (28) $ (7) $ (35)
Revenue Decoupling. The demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. However , Operating revenues from
electric distribution in Maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization
adjustment (BSA) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. While Operating revenues from
electric distribution in Maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer , they are impacted by changes in the
number of customers.
Weather . The demand for electricity and natural gas in Delaware is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric
business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in
winter months are referr ed to as "favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditio ns result in increased deliveries of
electricity and natural gas. Conversely , mild weather reduces demand. During the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the
same period  in 2019, Operating revenues related to weather decreased primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions in DPL's
Delaware service territory .
102
Table of Contents
DPL
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree  days for a 20-year period in DPL's
Delaware electric service territory and a 30-year  period in DPL's Delaware natural gas service territory . The changes in heating and
cooling degree days in DPL’s Delaware service territory for the year ended December 31, 2020  compared to same period in 2019
and normal weather consisted of the following:
For the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Delaware Electric Service Territory 2020 2019 Normal 2020 vs. 2019 2020 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,146 4,475 4,652 (7.4)% (10.9) %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,264 1,476 1,239 (14.4) % 2.0 %
For the Years Ended December
31, % Change
Delaware Natural Gas Service Territory 2020 2019 Normal 2020 vs. 2019 2020 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,146 4,475 4,675 (7.4)% (11.3) %
Volume, exclusive of the effects of weather , remained relatively consistent for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the
same period in 2019.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in GWhs) 2020 2019% Change
2020 vs. 2019Weather -
Normal %
Change 
Residential 3,149 3,149 — % 4.8 %
Small commercial & industrial 1,255 1,320 (4.9)% (2.6)%
Large commercial & industrial 3,225 3,424 (5.8)% (4.8)%
Public authorities & electric railroads 32 34 (5.9)% (5.9)%
Total electric retail deliveries7,661 7,927 (3.4)% (0.7)%
As of December 31,
Number of Total Electric Customers (Maryland and Delaware) 2020 2019
Residential 472,621 468,162 
Small commercial & industrial 62,461 61,721 
Large commercial & industrial 1,223 1,411 
Public authorities & electric railroads 609 613 
Total 536,914 531,907 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from DPL and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Natural Gas Retail Deliveries to Delaware Customers (in mmcf) 2020 2019% Change
2020 vs. 2019Weather -
Normal %
Change
Residential 7,832 8,613 (9.1)% (2.5)%
Small commercial & industrial 3,718 4,287 (13.3) % (7.5)%
Large commercial & industrial 1,703 1,811 (6.0)% (6.0)%
Transportation 6,631 6,733 (1.5)% 0.2 %
Total natural gas deliveries 19,884 21,444 (7.3)% (3.0)%(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
103
Table of Contents
DPL
As of December 31,
Number of Delaware Natural Gas Customers 2020 2019
Residential 127,128 125,873 
Small commercial & industrial 10,017 9,999 
Large commercial & industrial 16 17 
Transportation 161 159 
Total 137,322 136,048 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from DPL and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive
natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to
higher electr ic distribution rates in Maryland that became effective in July 2020, higher electric and natural gas distribution rates in
Delaware that became effective in the second half of 2020, and the Distribution System Improvement Charge (DSIC) rate increases
during 2020.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the under lying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar years. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019 primar ily due to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by higher fully
recoverable costs. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of
other taxes.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energ y efficiency programs, DE Renewable Portfolio Standards, SOS procurement and administrative costs, and
GCR costs. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The costs of
these programs are included in Purchased power and fuel expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and
amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive
electric generation suppliers. Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveri es as DPL remains the distribution
service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For
customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers , DPL acts as the billing agent and
therefore does not record Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. For
customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from DPL, DPL is permitt ed to recover the electricity , natural
gas, and REC procurement costs from customer s and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity , natural gas, and RECs
in Operating revenues and Purchased power and fuel expense. DPL recovers electricity and REC procurement costs from
customers with a slight mark-up and natural gas costs without mark-up.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the presentation of DPL's
revenue disaggregation.
The decreas e of $23 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, in Purchased power and
fuel expense is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs .
104
Table of Contents
DPL
The changes in  Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase
(Decrease)
Storm-related costs $ 19 
Labor , other benefits, contracting, and materials 14 
Credit loss expense 8 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (4)
BSC and PHISCO costs (1)
Other (1)
35 
Regulatory required programs 3 
Total increase $ 38 
__________
(a)Increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in
2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to COVID-19. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase
(Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 10 
Regulatory asset amortization (1)
Regulatory required programs (2)
Total increase $ 7 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Taxes other  than income taxes  increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily
due to higher property taxes for Maryland and Delaware.
Effective income tax rates were (25.0)%  and 13.0% for the years ended December 31, 2020  and 2019, respec tively . The decrease
for the year ended Dece mber 31, 2020 is primarily related to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory
liabilities. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.(a)
(a)
105
Table of Contents
ACE
Results of Operations—ACE
2020 2019Favorable
(Unfavorable)
Variance
Operating revenues $ 1,245 $ 1,240 $ 5 
Operating expenses
Purchased power expense 609 608 (1)
Operating and maintenance 326 320 (6)
Depreciation and amortization 180 157 (23)
Taxes other than income taxes 8 4 (4)
Total operating expenses 1,123 1,089 (34)
Gain on sale of assets 2 — 2 
Operating income 124 151 (27)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (59) (58) (1)
Other , net 6 6 — 
Total other income and (deductions) (53) (52) (1)
Income before income taxes 71 99 (28)
Income taxes (41) — 41 
Net income $ 112 $ 99 $ 13 
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019 . Net income increased $13 million primarily due
to higher electric distrib ution rates and an increase in transmission rates (net of the impa ct of the settlement agreement of
transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities), partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense and
unfavorable weather conditions in ACE's service territory .
The changes in Operating revenues  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
(Decrease) Increase
Weather $ (8)
Volume (1)
Distribution 24 
Transmission (19)
Other 3 
(1)
Regulatory required programs 6 
Total increase $ 5 
Weather . The demand for electric ity is affected by weather conditions. With respect to the electric busine ss, very warm weather in
summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather
conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity . Conversely , mild weather reduces deman d. There was a decrease related to
weather for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 due to the impact of unfavorable weather
conditions in ACE's service territory .
106
Table of Contents
ACE
Heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or
business. Normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ACE’ s
service territory. The changes in heating and cooling degree days in ACE’ s service territory for the year ended December 31, 2020
compared to same period in 2019, and normal weather consisted of the following:
For the Years Ended December 31,
Normal% Change
Heating and Cooling Degree-Days 2020 2019 2020 vs. 2019 2020 vs. Normal
Heating Degree-Days 4,029 4,467 4,667 (9.8)% (13.7) %
Cooling Degree-Days 1,314 1,374 1,174 (4.4)% 11.9 %
Volume,  exclusive of the effects of weather , remained relatively consistent for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the
same period in 2019.
Electric Retail Deliveries to Customers (in GWhs) 2020 2019% Change
2020 vs. 2019Weather - Normal
% Change
Residential 4,029 3,966 1.6 % 4.7 %
Small commercial & industrial 1,277 1,346 (5.1)% (4.0)%
Large commercial & industrial 3,067 3,429 (10.6) % (10.0) %
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 47 — % (0.2)%
Total retail deliveries 8,420 8,788 (4.2)% (2.5)%
As of December 31,
Number of Electric Customers 2020 2019
Residential 497,672 494,596 
Small commercial & industrial 61,622 61,497 
Large commercial & industrial 3,282 3,392 
Public authorities & electric railroads 701 679 
Total 563,277 560,164 
__________
(a)Reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from ACE and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive
electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)Reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
Distribution Revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to
higher electric distribution rates that became ef fective in April 2019 and April 2020.
Transmission Revenue. Under a FERC-approved  formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations
in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in January
based on the prior calendar year. Generally , increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower
transmission revenue. Transmission revenue decreased for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019 primarily due to the settlement agreement for transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by higher
fully recoverable costs. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
Other Revenue  includes rental revenue, service connection fees, and mutual assistance revenues.
Regulatory Required Programs  represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory
programs such as energy efficiency programs, Societal Benefits Charge, Transition Bonds, and BGS procurement and
administrative costs. The riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. The
costs of these programs are included in Purchased power expense, Operating and maintenance expense, Depreciation and
amortization expense, and Taxes other than income taxes. Customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive
electric generation suppliers.(b)
(a)
107
Table of Contents
ACE
Customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as ACE remains the distributio n service provider for all customers
and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in Operating revenues. For customers that choose to
purchase electric gener ation from competitive suppliers, ACE acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record Operating
revenues or Purchased power expense related  to the electricity . For customers that choose to purchase electric generation from
ACE, ACE is permitted to recover the electricity , ZEC, and REC procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and
offsetting amounts in Operating revenues and Purchased power expense related to the electricity , ZECs, and RECs.
See Note 5 - Segment Information of the Com bined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statem ents for the presentation of ACE's
revenue disaggregation.
The increase  of $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to same period in 2019, in Purchased power expense
is fully of fset in Operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs .
The changes in Operating and maintenance expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Labor , other benefits, contracting and materials $ 6 
Storm-related costs 3 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (1)
Other (2)
6 
Regulatory required programs — 
Total increase $ 6 
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates
annually through the Societal Benefits Charge.
The changes in Depreciation and amortization  expense  consisted of the following:
2020 vs. 2019
Increase (Decrease)
Depreciation and amortization $ 17 
Regulatory asset amortization (2)
Regulatory required programs 8 
Total increase $ 23 
__________
(a)Depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
Gain on sale of assets  for year ended Decemb er 31, 2020 compared to same period in 2019 increased due to the sale of land in
the first quarter of 2020.
Effective income tax rates  were (57.7)% and 0.0%  for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively . The change is
primarily related to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the components of the change in ef fective income tax rates.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
All results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a GAAP  basis.
The Registrants’  operating and capital expenditu res requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations,
the sale of certain receivables, as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. The
Registrants’  businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. Each of the Registrants annually evaluates
its financing plan, dividend practices,(a)
(a)
108
Table of Contents
and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash  needs to fund capital requirements,
retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. A broad spectrum of
financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets
in the portfolio via proje ct financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners,
etc.). Each Registrant’ s access to external finan cing on reasonable terms depends on its credi t ratings and current overall capital
market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. If these condition s deteriorate to the extent that the
Registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the Registrants have access to credit facilities with
aggregate bank commitments of $10.6 billion. As a result of disruptions in the commercial paper markets due to COVID-19 in March
of 2020, Generation borrowed $1.5 billion on its revolving credit facility to refinance comme rcial paper . Generation repaid the
$1.5 billion borrowed on the revolving credit facility on April 3, 2020 using funds from short-term  loans issued in March 2020, cash
proceeds from the sale of certain customer accounts receivable, and borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. See
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable of the Combined  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the sale of
customer accounts receivable. See Executive Overview for additional information on COVID-19. The Registrants continue to utilize
their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings, and to issue letters of
credit. See the “Credit Matters” section below for additional information. The Registrants expect  cash flows to be sufficient to meet
operating expenses, financing costs, and capital expenditure requirements.
The Registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction
expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. The
Registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction proje cts that have a long-term return on
investment. Additionally , the Utility Registrants operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment
recovery may be delayed  or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. See Note 17 — Debt and
Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of the Registrants’  debt
and credit agreements.
Despite disruptions in the financial markets due to COVID-19, the Registrants issued long-term debt of $5.3 billion and were able to
successfully complete their planned long-term debt issuances in 2020.
NRC Minimum Funding Requirements (Exelon and Generation)
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be
available in certain minim um amounts to decommission the facility . These NRC minimum funding  levels are typically based upon the
assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed  life of each unit. If a unit fails the
NRC minimum funding test, then the plant’ s owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial
guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash  contributions to the NDT fund to
ensure sufficient funds are available. See Note 10 - Asset Retirement Obligations of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
If a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the NRC minimu m funding requirements due to the
earlier comm encement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the NDT funds could appreciate in value.
A shortfall could requir e that Generation address the shortfall by, among other things, obtaining a parental guarantee for
Generation’ s share of the funding assurance. However , the amount of any guarantees or other assurance will ultimately depend on
the decommissioning approach, the associated level of costs, and the NDT fund investment performance going forward. Within two
years after shutting down a plant, Generation must submit a PSDAR to the NRC that includes the planned option for
decommissioning the site. Upon retirement, Dresden will have adequate funding assurance, however , due to the earlier
commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the NDT fund investments could appreciate in
value, Byron  may no longer meet the NRC minimum funding requirements and, as a result, the NRC may require additional financial
assurance including possibly a parental guarante e from Exelon. Considering the different approaches to decommissioning available
to Generatio n, the most likely estimates currently anticipated could require financial assurance for radiological decommissioning at
Byron of up to $90 million.
109
Table of Contents
Upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective NDT funds for radiological
decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. However , under the regulations,
the NRC must approve an exemption in order for Generation to utilize the NDT funds to pay for non-radiological decommissioning
costs (i.e. spent fuel management and site restoration costs, if applicable). If a unit does not receive this exemption, those costs
would be borne by Generation without reimbursement from or access to the NDT funds. Accordingly , based on current projections of
the most likely decomm issioning approach, it is expected that Dresden would not require supp lemental cash from Generation, but
some portion of the Byron spent fuel managem ent costs would need to be funded through supplemental cash from Generation.
While the ultimate amou nts may vary and could be offset by reimbursement of certain spent fuel management costs under the DOE
settlement agreement, decommissioning for Byron may require supplemental cash from Generation of up to $185 million, net of
taxes, over a period of 10 years after permanent shutdown.
As of Decem ber 31, 2020, Exelon would not be required to post a parental guarantee for TMI Unit 1 under the SAFST OR scenario
which is the planned decommissioning option as described in the TMI Unit 1 PSDAR filed by Generation with the NRC on April 5,
2019. On October 16, 2019, the NRC granted Generation's exemption request to use the TMI Unit 1 NDT funds for spent fuel
management costs. An additional exemption request would be required to allow the funds to be spent on site restoration costs,
which are not expected to be incurred in the near term.
Project Financing (Exelon and Generation)
Project finan cing is used to help mitigate risk of specific generating assets. Project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial
structure, in which proje ct debt is paid back from the cash generated by the specific asset or portfolio of assets. Borrowings under
these agreem ents are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon
or Generation in the event of a default. If a specific project financing entity does not maintai n compliance with its specific debt
financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related
borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. In these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the
lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. The
potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments
due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful lives.
Additionally , project finance has credit facilities. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt and credit facilities.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities (All Registrants)
Generation’ s cash flows from operating activitie s primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and
services to customers. Generation’ s future cash flows from operating activities may be affected  by future demand for and market
prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from
customers.
The Utility Registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in
the case of PECO, BGE, and DPL, gas distribution services. The Utility Registrants' distrib ution services are provided to an
established and diverse base of retail customers. The Utility Registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy , weather
conditions, future legisla tive initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, and their ability to
achieve operating cost reductions.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
110
Table of Contents
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from operating activities for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019 by Registrant:
(Decrease) increase in cash flows from
operating activities Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Net income $(1,074)$ (638)$ (250)$ (81)$ (11)$ 18 $ 23 $(22)$ 13 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash:
Non-cash operating activities 273 328 156 (42) (33) (120) (123) 25 (3)
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit contributions (193) (80) (71) 10 (30) (14) 3 1 (1)
Income taxes 204 (116) (87) 65 127 (41) (10) (37) (3)
Changes in working capital and other
noncurrent assets and liabilities (2,456) (2,633) (93) 74 79 42 96 11 (68)
Option premiums paid, net (110) (110) — — — — — — — 
Collateral received (posted), net 932 960 (34) — 4 — — — — 
(Decrease) increase in cash flows from operating
activities$(2,424)$ (2,289)$ (379)$ 26 $ 136 $(115)$ (11)$(22)$(62)
Changes in the Registrants' cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each Registrant’ s respective
results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below . In
addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
•See Note 24 —Supplemental Financial Informat ion of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and
the Registrants’  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for additional information on non-cash operating activity .
•See Note 14 —Income  Taxes of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  and the Registrants'
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for additional information on income taxes.
•Depending upon whether Generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral  may be required to
be posted with or collected from its counterparties. In addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ
depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the OTC markets.
•During 2020, Exelon and Generation derecognized approximately $1.2 billion of accounts receivable. See Note 6 —
Accounts Receivable for additional information on the sales of customer  accounts receivable .
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100%
funded status on an ABO basis over time. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension
contributions. Based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change, Exelon’ s estimated annual
qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million in 2021. Unlike the qualified pension plans, Exelon’ s non-qualified
pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
While OPEB plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its plans. For
Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has historically
considered several facto rs in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, includin g liabilities management, levels of
benefit claims paid, and regulatory implication s (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
111
Table of Contents
The following table provides all Registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans , planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to OPEB plans in 2021:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 505 $ 51 $ 75 
Generation 196 27 24 
ComEd 170 2 23 
PECO 14 1 — 
BGE 57 1 16 
PHI 29 9 7 
Pepco 1 2 6 
DPL — 1 — 
ACE 3 — — 
To the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and OPEB plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual
pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. Conversely , to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the
pension and OPEB plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and OPEB contribution requirements in
future years could decrease. Additionally , expected contributions could change if Exelon changes its pension or OPEB funding
strategy .
Cash Flows from Investing Activities (All Registrants)
The following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019 by Registrant:
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from
investing activities Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Capital expenditures $ (800)$ 98 $ (302)$ (208)$(102)$(249)$ (147)$(76)$(26)
Proceeds from NDT fund sales, net (87) (87) — — — — — — — 
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net 41 41 — — — — — — — 
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses (7) (6) — — — — — — — 
Changes in intercompany money pool — — — 136 — — — — — 
Collection of DPP 3,771 3,771 — — — — — — — 
Other investing activities 6 8 (27) 8 (6) 10 (3) (4) 7 
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from investing
activities$ 2,924 $ 3,825 $ (329)$ (64)$(108)$(239)$ (150)$(80)$(19)
Significant investing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
•Variances in capital expenditures  are primaril y due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. Refer below
for additional information on projected capital expenditure spending.
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term borrowing needs. Refer to more information regarding
the intercompany money pool below .
112
Table of Contents
Capital Expenditure Spending
The Registra nts most recent estimates of capita l expenditures for plant additions and improvements for 2021 are approximately as
follows:
(in millions) Transmission Distribution Gas Total
Exelon N/A N/A N/A $ 7,775 
Generation N/A N/A N/A 1,150 
ComEd 475 1,925 N/A 2,400 
PECO 175 750 350 1,275 
BGE 325 450 425 1,200 
PHI 525 1,100 75 1,700 
Pepco 250 675 N/A 925 
DPL 125 225 75 425 
ACE 150 200 N/A 350 
Projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic
conditions and other factors.
Generation
Approximately 48% of projected 2021 capital expenditures at Generation are for the acquisition  of nuclear fuel, with the remaining
amounts primarily reflec ting additions and upgrades to existing generation facilities (including material condition improvements
during nuclear refueling outages). Generation anticipates that it will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and
borrowings.
Utility Registrants
Projected 2021 capital expenditures at the Utility Registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations,
including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as the Utility Registrants'
construction commitments under PJM’ s RTEP.
The Utility Registrants as transmission owner s are subject to NERC compliance requirements. NERC provides guidance to
transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. The results of these assessments could require the Utility
Registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet NERC
standards. In 2010, NERC provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the Utility Registrants perform
assessments of their transmission lines. ComEd , PECO, and BGE submitted their final bi-annual reports to NERC in January 2014.
PECO will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments.
Specific projects and expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. PECO’ s forecasted 2021 capital expenditures
above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2021. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE are complete
with their assessments and do not expect capital expenditures related to this guidance in 2021.
The Utility Registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and
borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
113
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Financing Activities (All Registrants)
The followin g tables provides a summary of the change in cash flows from financing activities for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019 by Registrant:
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from
financing activities Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Changes in short-term borrowings, net $ 5 $ 200 $ 63 $ — $(116)$ 131 $ (89)$ 34 $186 
Long-term debt, net 403 (958) 100 25 — 146 162 35 (53)
Changes in intercompany money pool — 385 — 40 — (3) — — — 
Dividends paid on common stock (84) — 9 18 (22) — (19) (2) 10 
Distributions to member — (835) — — — (27) — — — 
Contributions from parent/member — 23 462 60 218 96 102 49 (58)
Other financing activities (121) (19) 3 2 — (5) (3) (1) — 
Increase (decrease) in cash flows from financing
activities$ 203 $ (1,204)$ 637 $ 145 $ 80 $ 338 $ 153 $115 $ 85 
Significant financing cash flow impacts for the Registrants for 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
•Changes in short-term borrowings, net, is driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 365 days.
Refer to Note 17 - Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on short-term borrowings.
•Long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. Refer to debt issuances and
redemptions tables below for additional information.
•Changes in intercompany money pool  are driven by short-term borrowing needs. Refer to more information regarding
the intercompany money pool below .
•Exelon’ s ability to pay dividends  on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating
subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and
cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. See Note 19 - Commitments and Conting encies of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. See below for quarterly
dividends declared.
•For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, other financing activities primarily consists  of debt issuance costs.
See debt issuances table below for additional information on the Registrants’  debt issuances.
114
Table of Contents
Debt Issuances and Redemptions
See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  long-term debt. Debt activity for 2020 and 2019 by Registrant was as follows:
During 2020, the following long-term debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Exelon Notes 4.05 % April 15, 2030$ 1,250 Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Exelon Notes 4.70 % April 15, 2050 750Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation Senior Notes 3.25 % June 1, 2025 900Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation EGR IV Nonrecourse
DebtLIBOR + 2.75% December 15, 2027 750Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing3.95 % February 28, 2021 3Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Fort Meade project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing2.53 % March 31, 2021 3Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Fort AP Hill project.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1282.20 % March 1, 2030 350Repay a portion of outstanding
commercial paper obligations and fund
other general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1293.00 % March 1, 2050 650Repay a portion of outstanding
commercial paper obligations and fund
other general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds2.80 % June 15, 2050 350Funding for general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 2.90 % June 15, 2050 400Repay commercial paper obligations and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 2.53 % February 25, 2030 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.28 % September 23, 2050 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 2.53 % June 9, 2030 100Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
DPL Tax-Exempt Bonds 1.05 % January 1, 2031 78Refinance existing indebtedness.
ACE Tax-Exempt First
Mortgage Bonds2.25 % June 1, 2029 23Refinance existing indebtedness.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 3.24 % June 9, 2050 100Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
(b)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.
(c)The bonds have a 1.05% interest rate through July 2025.(a)
(b)
(b)
(c)
115
Table of Contents
During 2019, the following long-term debt was issued:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount Use of Proceeds
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing3.95 % February 28, 2021 $ 4 Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Fort Meade project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing3.46 % February 28, 2021 39Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Marine Corps. Logistics
Project.
Generation Energy Efficiency
Project Financing2.53 % March 31, 2021 2Funding to install energy conservation
measures for the Fort AP Hill project.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1264.00 % March 1, 2049 400Repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and fund
other general corporate purposes.
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds,
Series 1273.20 % November 15, 2049 300Repay a portion of ComEd’s outstanding
commercial paper obligations and fund
other general corporate purposes.
PECO First and Refunding
Mortgage Bonds3.00 % September 15, 2049 325Repay short-term borrowings and for
general corporate purposes.
BGE Senior Notes 3.20 % September 15, 2049 400Repay commercial paper obligations and
for general corporate purposes.
Pepco First Mortgage Bonds 3.45 % June 13, 2029 150Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
Pepco Unsecured Tax-Exempt
Bonds1.70 % September 1, 2022 110Refinance existing indebtedness.
DPL First Mortgage Bonds 4.14 % December 12, 2049 75Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 3.50 % May 21, 2029 100Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
ACE First Mortgage Bonds 4.14 % May 21, 2049 50Repay existing indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)For Energy Efficiency Project Financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective
customer assumes the outstanding debt.(a)
(a)
(a)
116
Table of Contents
During 2020, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount
Exelon Notes 2.85% June 15, 2020 $ 900 
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreement 3.95% May 1, 2024 24
Generation Senior Notes 2.95% January 15, 2020 1,000 
Generation Senior Notes 4.00% October 1, 2020 550
Generation Senior Notes 5.15% December 1, 2020 550
Generation Tax-Exempt Bonds 2.50% - 2.70%December 1, 2025 - June 1,
2036 412
Generation EGR IV Nonrecourse Debt3 month LIBOR +
3.00% November 30, 2024 796
Generation Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt 6.00% February 28, 2033 33
Generation Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt 2.29% - 3.56% January 5, 2037 23
Generation RPG Nonrecourse Debt 4.11% March 31, 2035 9
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 3.71% December 31, 2020 4
Generation NUKEM 3.15% September 30, 2020 3
Generation SolGen Nonrecourse Debt 3.93% September 30, 2036 3
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 4.12% November 30, 2020 1
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds 4.00% August 1, 2020 500
DPL Tax-Exempt Bonds 5.40% February 1, 2031 78
ACE Tax-Exempt First Mortgage Bonds 4.88% June 1, 2029 23
ACE Transition Bonds 5.55% October 20, 2023 20
__________
(a)The senior notes are legacy Constellation mirror debt that were previously held at Exelon and Generation. As part of the 2012 Constellation
merger, Exelon and Generation assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirrored the terms and amounts of external obligations held by
Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable at Generation.
(b)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
117
Table of Contents
During 2019, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
Company Type Interest Rate Maturity Amount
Exelon Long-Term Software License Agreement 3.95% May 1, 2024 $ 18 
Generation Antelope Valley DOE Nonrecourse Debt 2.33% - 3.56% January 5, 2037 23
Generation Kennett Square Capital Lease 7.83% September 20, 2020 5
Generation Continental Wind Nonrecourse Debt 6.00% February 28, 2033 32
Generation Pollution control notes 2.50% March 1, 2019 23
Generation RPG Nonrecourse Debt 4.11% March 31, 2035 10
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 3.46% April 30, 2019 39
Generation EGR IV Nonrecourse Debt3 month LIBOR +
3.00% November 30, 2024 38
Generation Hannie Mae, LLC Defense Financing 4.12% November 30, 2019 1
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 3.72% July 31, 2019 25
Generation NUKEM 3.15% September 30, 2020 36
Generation SolGen Nonrecourse Debt 3.93% September 30, 2036 6
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 4.17% October 31, 2019 1
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 3.53% March 31, 2020 1
Generation Energy Efficiency Project Financing 4.26% September 30, 2019 1
Generation Senior Notes 5.20% October 1, 2019 600
Generation Dominion Federal Corp 3.17% October 31, 2019 18
Generation Fort Detrick Project Financing 3.55% October 31, 2019 1
ComEd First Mortgage Bonds 2.15% January 15, 2019 300
Pepco Secured Tax-Exempt Bonds 6.20% - 7.49% 2021 - 2022 110
DPL Medium Term Notes, Unsecured 7.61% December 2, 2019 12
ACE Transition Bonds 5.55% October 20, 2023 18
__________
(a)See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of
nonrecourse debt.
From time to time and as market conditions warrant, the Registrants may engage in long-term  debt retirements via tender offers,
open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
Dividends
Quarterly dividends declared by the Exelon Board of Directors during the year ended December  31, 2020 and for the first quarter of
2021 were as follows:
Period Declaration Date Shareholder of Record Date Dividend Payable DateCash per
Share
First Quarter 2020 January 28, 2020 February 20, 2020 March 10, 2020 $ 0.3825 
Second Quarter 2020 April 28, 2020 May 15, 2020 June 10, 2020 $ 0.3825 
Third Quarter 2020 July 28, 2020 August 14, 2020 September 10, 2020 $ 0.3825 
Fourth Quarter 2020 November 2, 2020 November 16, 2020 December 10, 2020 $ 0.3825 
First Quarter 2021 February 21, 2021 March 8, 2021 March 15, 2021 $ 0.3825 
___________
(a)Exelon's Board of Directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2021. The 2021 quarterly dividend will remain the same as the 2020
dividend of $0.3825 per share.(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
118
Table of Contents
Credit Matters (All Registrants)
The Registr ants fund liquidity needs for capita l investment, working capital, energy hedging , and other financial commitments
through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets, and large, diversified credit
facilities. The credit facilities include $10.6 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.7 billion was available to support
additional commercial paper as of December 31, 2020, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate
commitments for the Registrants. The Registrants had access to the commercial paper mark ets and had availability under their
revolving credit facilities  during 2020 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary . The Registrants routinely review the
sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test
scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels, and the
impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. The Registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and
the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap
levels, capita l raising, and merger activity . See PART I. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for additional  information regarding the effects of
uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
The Registra nts believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets, and their credit facilities provide sufficient
liquidity . If Generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2020, it would have been required to provide
incremental collateral of approximately $1.5 billion to meet collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases
and normal sales contra cts, and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting
agreements, which is well within the $4.7 billion of available credit capacity of its revolver .
The following table presents the incremental collateral that each Utility Registrant would have been required to provide in the event
each Utility Registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at December 31, 2020 and availabl e credit facility capacity prior to any
incremental collateral at December 31, 2020:
PJM Credit Policy
CollateralOther Incremental Collateral
RequiredAvailable Credit Facility
Capacity Prior to Any
Incremental Collateral
ComEd $ 13 $ — $ 675 
PECO 2 34 600 
BGE 10 54 600 
Pepco 8 — 264 
DPL 4 9 154 
ACE — — 113 
__________
(a)Represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
Exelon Credit Facilities
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper . Generation and PECO meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and
borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily
through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-
term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the Exelon intercompany money pool. The
Registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding
requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
of the Registrants’  credit facilities and short term borrowing activity .(a)
119
Table of Contents
Capital Structure
At December 31, 2020, the capital structures of the Registrants consisted of the following:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Long-term debt 50 % 27 % 43 % 44 % 47 % 40 % 49 % 48 % 47 %
Long-term debt to
affiliates 1 % 1 % 1 % 2 % — % — % — % — % — %
Common equity 46 % — % 54 % 54 % 53 % — % 50 % 48 % 47 %
Member ’s equity — % 68 % — % — % — % 58 % — % — % — %
Commercial paper
and notes payable 3 % 4 % 2 % — % — % 2 % 1 % 4 % 6 %
__________ 
(a)Includes approximately $390 million, $205 million, and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of Exelon, ComEd, and PECO respectively.
These special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of ComEd and
PECO. See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the authoritative guidance for VIEs.
Security Ratings
The Registra nts’ access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those
markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
The Registrants’  borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a
downgrading of a Registrant’ s securities could increase fees and interest charges under that Registrant’ s credit agreements.
As part of the normal course of business, the Registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the
Registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for
doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the Registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency ,
it is possible  that a coun terparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making  a demand for adequate assurance
of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
The credit ratings for Exelon Corporate, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE did not change for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2020. On November 4, 2020, S&P revised its assessment of the strategic relationship between Exelon and
Generation and subsequently lowered Generat ion's senior unsecured debt rating to 'BBB' from 'BBB+'. On July 21, 2020, S&P
lowered ComEd's long-term issuer credit rating from 'A-' to a 'BBB+'. S&P also affirmed the current 'A' rating on ComEd's senior
secured debt and 'A-2' short-term rating, which influences long and short-term borrowing cost.(a)
120
Table of Contents
Intercompany Money Pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing, both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed
from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of December 31, 2020, are presented in the following
tables:
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 As of December 31, 2020
Exelon Intercompany Money PoolMaximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Exelon Corporate $ 1,364 $ — $ 598 
Generation 254 (980) (285)
PECO 292 (40) (40)
BSC 25 (563) (312)
PHI Corporate — (22) (21)
PCI 60 — 60 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 As of December 31, 2020
PHI Intercompany Money PoolMaximum
ContributedMaximum
Borrowed Contributed (Borrowed)
Pepco $ 166 $ (57) $ — 
DPL 62 (95) — 
ACE — (133) — 
Shelf Registration Statements
Exelon, Generation, and the Utility Registrants have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount,
filed with the SEC, that will expire in August 2022. The ability of each Registrant to sell securities  off the shelf registration statement
or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other
required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the Registrant, its securities ratings and market
conditions.
Regulatory Authorizations
The Utility Registrants are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from Federal and State Commissions as
follows:
As of December 31, 2020
Short-term Financing Authority Long-term Financing Authority
Commission Expiration Date Amount Commission Expiration Date Amount
ComEd FERC December 31, 2021 $ 2,500 ICC February 1, 2023 $ 893 
PECO FERC December 31, 2021 1,500 PAPUC December 31, 2021 1,225 
BGE FERC December 31, 2021 700 MDPSC N/A 1,100 
Pepco FERC December 31, 2021 500 MDPSC / DCPSC December 31, 2022 900 
DPL FERC December 31, 2021 500 MDPSC / DPSC December 31, 2022 297 
ACE NJBPU December 31, 2021 350 NJBPU December 31, 2022 600 
__________
(a)Generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from FERC in connection with its market-based rate authority.
(b)As of December 31, 2020, ComEd had $893 million in new money long-term debt financing authority from the ICC with an expiration date of
February 1, 2023. On January 20, 2021, ComEd received $350 million of long-term debt refinancing authority from the ICC approved with an
effective date of February 1, 2021 and an expiration date of February 1, 2024.
(c)On December 2, 2020, ACE received approval from the NJBPU for $600 million in new long-term debt financing authority with an effective date
of January 1, 2021.(a) (a)
(b)
(c)
121
Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The following tables summarize the Registrants’  future estimated cash payments as of December 31, 2020 under existing
contractual obligations, including payments due by period.
Exelon
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 36,839 $ 1,809 $ 3,933 $ 3,012 $ 28,085 
Interest payments on long-term debt 24,486 1,468 2,766 2,592 17,660 
Operating leases 1,213 141 224 193 655 
Purchase power obligations 1,613 512 823 264 14 
Fuel purchase agreements 5,667 1,183 1,584 1,237 1,663 
Electric supply procurement 3,170 1,909 1,253 8 — 
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 2,238 301 548 437 952 
Other purchase obligations 9,374 6,673 1,492 440 769 
DC PLUG obligation 100 30 60 10 — 
SNF obligation 1,208 — — — 1,208 
Pension contributions 3,030 505 1,010 1,010 505 
Total contractual obligations $ 88,938 $ 14,531 $ 13,693 $ 9,203 $ 51,511 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2020. Includes estimated interest payments due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(c)Capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $98 million, $55 million,
$44 million, $44 million, $44 million, and $179 million for 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, and thereafter, respectively and $464 million in total.
(d)Purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for REC purchases and payments associated with contracted generation
agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that
are contingent in nature.
(e)Represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services, including those
related to CENG.
(f)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between the Registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course
of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)These amounts represent Exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. Qualified pension contributions for years after 2026 are
not included.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
122
Table of Contents
Generation 
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 6,066 $ 195 $ 1,024 $ 900 $ 3,947 
Interest payments on long-term debt 3,536 270 474 443 2,349 
Operating leases 731 47 114 109 461 
Purchase power obligations 1,613 512 823 264 14 
Fuel purchase agreements 4,450 928 1,207 1,022 1,293 
Other purchase obligations 2,286 1,208 231 155 692 
SNF obligation 1,208 — — — 1,208 
Total contractual obligations $ 19,890 $ 3,160 $ 3,873 $ 2,893 $ 9,964 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2020.
(b)Capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $98 million, $55 million,
$44 million, $44 million, $44 million, and $179 million for 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, and thereafter, respectively and $464 million in total.
(c)Purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for REC purchases and capacity payments associated with contracted
generation agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. Expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation
contracts that are contingent in nature.
(d)Represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services, including those
related to CENG.
(e)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Generation and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
123
Table of Contents
ComEd
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 9,284 $ 350 $ — $ 250 $ 8,684 
Interest payments on long-term debt 7,207 360 720 711 5,416 
Operating leases 8 3 3 2 — 
Electric supply procurement 600 388 212 — — 
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 1,953 269 485 384 815 
Other purchase obligations 1,524 1,397 74 35 18 
ZEC commitments 1,127 176 351 351 249 
Total contractual obligations $ 21,703 $ 2,943 $ 1,845 $ 1,733 $ 15,182 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from ComEd financing trust.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the ComEd financing trust.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ComEd and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
PECO
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 3,984 $ 300 $ 400 $ 350 $ 2,934 
Interest payments on long-term debt 2,867 146 280 271 2,170 
Operating leases 1 1 — — — 
Fuel purchase agreements 405 138 183 41 43 
Electric supply procurement 536 431 105 — — 
Other purchase obligations 898 813 66 19 — 
Total contractual obligations $ 8,691 $ 1,829 $ 1,034 $ 681 $ 5,147 
__________
(a)Includes amounts from PECO financing trusts.
(b)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Includes estimated interest payments due to the PECO financing trusts.
(c)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between PECO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
124
Table of Contents
BGE
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 3,700 $ 300 $ 550 $ — $ 2,850 
Interest payments on long-term debt 2,450 127 240 220 1,863 
Operating leases 81 46 17 — 18 
Fuel purchase agreements 517 84 128 109 196 
Electric supply procurement 1,088 665 423 — — 
Other purchase obligations 1,372 976 364 26 6 
Total contractual obligations $ 9,208 $ 2,198 $ 1,722 $ 355 $ 4,933 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between BGE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
PHI
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 6,443 $ 339 $ 809 $ 700 $ 4,595 
Interest payments on long-term debt 4,135 266 517 447 2,905 
Finance leases 53 8 16 16 13 
Operating leases 306 40 77 69 120 
Fuel purchase agreements 295 33 66 65 131 
Electric supply procurement 1,791 1,051 732 8 — 
Long-term renewable energy and REC commitments 285 32 63 53 137 
Other purchase obligations 1,767 1,362 341 48 16 
DC PLUG obligation 100 30 60 10 — 
Total contractual obligations $ 15,175 $ 3,161 $ 2,681 $ 1,416 $ 7,917 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2020.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco, DPL, ACE, and PHISCO and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in
the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period
to period.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
125
Table of Contents
Pepco
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 3,185 $ — $ 309 $ 400 $ 2,476 
Interest payments on long-term debt 2,429 147 281 251 1,750 
Finance leases 18 3 6 6 3 
Operating leases 63 8 15 12 28 
Electric supply procurement 754 432 314 8 — 
Other purchase obligations 1,034 748 243 32 11 
DC PLUG obligation 100 30 60 10 — 
Total contractual obligations $ 7,583 $ 1,368 $ 1,228 $ 719 $ 4,268 
__________ 
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between Pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
DPL
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 1,666 $ 79 $ 500 $ — $ 1,087 
Interest payments on long-term debt 1,016 59 116 82 759 
Finance leases 21 3 6 6 6 
Operating leases 80 11 19 15 35 
Fuel purchase agreements 295 33 66 65 131 
Electric supply procurement 469 290 179 — — 
Long-term renewable energy and associated REC
commitments 285 32 63 53 137 
Other purchase obligations 419 349 63 7 — 
Total contractual obligations $ 4,251 $ 856 $ 1,012 $ 228 $ 2,155 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. Variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of
December 31, 2020.
(b)Represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between DPL and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(c)
126
Table of Contents
ACE
Payment due within
Total 20212022 -
20232024 -
20252026
and beyond
Long-term debt $ 1,407 $ 259 $ — $ 300 $ 848 
Interest payments on long-term debt 527 46 92 86 303 
Finance leases 14 2 4 4 4 
Operating leases 16 5 7 4 — 
Electric supply procurement 568 329 239 — — 
Other purchase obligations 267 236 25 6 — 
Total contractual obligations $ 2,799 $ 877 $ 367 $ 400 $ 1,155 
__________
(a)Interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at December 31, 2020 and do not reflect
anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)Represents the future estimated value at December 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-
cancellable, entered into between ACE and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of
business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. These estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information  of the Registrants’  other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
Additionally , see below for where to find addition al information regarding certain contractual obligations in the Combined Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements:
Item Location within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Long-term debt Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Interest payments on long-term debt Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Finance leases Note 11 — Leases
Operating leases Note 11 — Leases
SNF obligation Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
REC commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
ZEC commitments Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
DC PLUG obligation Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Pension contributions Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Sales of Customer Accounts Receivable
On April 8, 2020, Gene ration entered into an accounts receivable financing facility with a number of financial institutions and a
commercial paper conduit to sell certain receivables, which expires on April 7, 2021 unless renewed by the mutual consent of the
parties in accordance with its terms. The facility allows Generation to obtain financing at lower cost and diversify its sources of
liquidity . See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The Registrants are exposed to market risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, counterparty credit, interest
rates, and equity prices. Exelon’ s RMC approves risk management policies and objectives for risk assessment, control and
valuation, counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring and reporting of risk exposures. The RMC is chaired by the chief
executive officer and includes the chief risk officer, chief strategy officer, chief executive officer of Exelon Utilities, chief commercial
officer, chief financial officer, and chief executive officer of Constellation. The RMC reports to the Finance and Risk Committee of the
Exelon Board of Directors on the scope of the risk management activities.(a)
(b)
127
Table of Contents
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Commodity price risk is associated with price movements resulting from changes in supply and demand, fuel costs, market liquidity ,
weather conditions, governmental regulatory and environmental policies, and other factors. To the extent the total amount of energy
Exelon gene rates and purchases differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell, Exelon is exposed to market fluctuations
in commodit y prices. Exelon seeks to mitigate its commodity price risk through the sale and purchase of electricity , fossil fuel, and
other commodities.
Generation
Electricity available from Generation’ s owned or contracted generation supply in excess of Generation’ s obligations to customers,
including portions of the Utility Registrants' retail load, is sold into the wholesale markets. To reduce commodity price risk caused by
market fluctuations, Generation enters into non-derivative contracts as well as derivative contracts, including swaps, futures,
forwards, and options, with approved counterparties to hedge anticipated exposures. Generation uses derivative instruments as
economic hedges to mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. Generation expects  the settlement of the majority of its
economic hedges will occur during 2021 through 2023.
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions which have not been hedged. Exelon's hedging program involves the hedging of
commodity price risk for Exelon's expected generation, typically on a ratable basis over three -year periods. As of December 31,
2020, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York, and ERCOT  reportable segments is
94%-97% for 2021. The percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of equiva lent sales divided by the expected
generation. Expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned
or contracted generation based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which
are calibrated to market quotes for power , fuel, load following products, and options. Equivalent sales represent all hedging products,
which include economic hedges and certain non-derivative contracts, including Generation’ s sales to ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE to serve their retail load.
A portion of Generation’ s hedging strategy may be accomplished with fuel products based on assumed correlations between power
and fuel prices, which routinely change in the market. Market price risk exposure is the risk of a change in the value of unhedged
positions. The forecasted market price risk exposure for Generation’ s entire economic hedge portfolio associated with a $5 reduction
in the annual average around-the-clock energy price based on December 31, 2020 market condi tions and hedged position would be
a decrease in pre-tax net income of approximately $15 million for 2021. Power price sensitivit ies are derived by adjusting power
price assumptions while keeping all other price inputs constant. Generation actively manages its portfolio to mitigate market price
risk exposure for its unhedged position. Actual results could differ depending on the specific timin g of, and markets affected by, price
changes, as well as future changes in Generation’ s portfolio. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Fuel Procurement
Generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts, and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies
are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted
enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for uranium
concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. Supply market conditions
may make Generation’ s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to
deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. Approximately 60% of Generation’ s uranium concentrate
requirements from 2021 through 2025 are supplied by three suppliers. In the event of non-perfo rmance by these or other suppliers,
Generation believes that replacement uranium concentrates can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when
compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. Non-performance by these counterparties could have a material
adverse impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements.
128
Table of Contents
Utility Registrants
ComEd entered into 20-year floating-to-fixed renewable energy swap contracts beginning in June 2012, which are considered an
economic hedge and have changes in fair value recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset or liability . ComEd has block energy
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process, which are considered derivatives
and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accoun ted for on an accrual basis of accounting. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have
contracts to procure electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process . BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE have
certain full requirements contracts, which are considered derivatives and qualify for NPNS, and as a result are accounted for on an
accrual basis of accounting. Other full requirements contracts are not derivatives.
PECO, BGE , and DPL also have executed derivative natural gas contracts, which either qualify for NPNS or have no mark-to-market
balances because the derivatives are index priced, to hedge their long-term price risk in the natural gas market. The hedging
programs for natural gas procurement have no direct impact on their financial statements. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE do
not execute derivatives for speculative or proprietary trading purposes.
For additional information on these contracts, see Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Trading and Non-Trading Marketing Activities
The followin g table detailing Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, and ComEd’ s trading and non-trading marketing activities are included to
address the recommended disclosures by the energy industry’ s Committee of Chief Risk Of ficers (CCRO).
The following table provides detail on changes in Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, and ComEd’ s commodity mark-to-market net asset or
liability balance sheet position from December  31, 2018 to December 31, 2020. It indicates the drivers behind changes in the
balance sheet amounts. This table incorporates the mark-to-market activities that are immediately recorded in earnings. This table
excludes all NPNS contr acts and does not segregate proprietary trading activity . See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of
the Combine d Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the balance sheet classification of the mark-
to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) recorded as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.
129
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation ComEd
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2018 $ 299 $ 548 $ (249)
Total change in fair value during 2019 of contracts recorded in result of operations (427) (427) — 
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations 226 226 — 
Changes in fair value—recorded through regulatory assets (52) — (52)
Changes in allocated collateral 572 572 — 
Net option premium received 29 29 — 
Option premium amortization (22) (22) — 
Upfront payments and amortizations (58) (58) — 
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2019 567 868 (301)
Total change in fair value during 2020 of contracts recorded in result of operations (203) (203) — 
Reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts recorded in results of operations 469 469 — 
Changes in allocated collateral (513) (513) — 
Net option premium paid 139 139 — 
Option premium amortization (104) (104) — 
Upfront payments and amortizations 73 73 — 
Total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2020 $ 428 $ 729 $ (301)
__________
(a)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties.
(b)For ComEd, the changes in fair value are recorded as a change in regulatory assets. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, ComEd recorded a
regulatory liability of $301 million and $301 million, respectively, related to its mark-to-market derivative liabilities with Generation and unaffiliated
suppliers. ComEd recorded $78 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $26 million in
purchased power expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31,
2019. ComEd recorded $33 million of decrease in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $33 million recorded in
purchased power expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31,
2020.
(c)Includes derivative contracts acquired or sold by Generation through upfront payments or receipts of cash, excluding option premiums, and the
associated amortizations.
Fair Values
The following tables present maturity and source of fair value for Exelon, Generation, and ComEd mark-to-market commodity
contract net assets (liabilities). The tables provide two fundamental pieces of information. First, the tables provide the source of fair
value used in determin ing the carrying amoun t of the Registrants’  total mark-to-market net assets (liabilities), net of allocated
collateral. Second, the tables show the maturi ty, by year, of the Registrants’  commodity contract net assets (liabilities), net of
allocated collateral, giving an indication of when these mark-to-market amounts will settle and either generate or require cash. See
Note 18 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding fair value measurements and the fair value hierarchy .(a)
(b)
(c) 
(a) 
(c) 
(a) 
130
Table of Contents
Exelon
Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value 2021 2022 2023 2024 20252026 and
Beyond
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative contracts :
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $(48) $ 8 $ 8 $ 11 $ 17 $ — $ (4)
Prices provided by external sources (Level 2) 212 78 13 (1) 1 — 303 
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3) 182 80 47 (7) (16) (157) 129 
Total $346 $166 $ 68 $ 3 $ 2 $ (157) $ 428 
__________
(a)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in results of operations.
(b)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $416
million at December 31, 2020.
(c)Includes ComEd’s net assets (liabilities) associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
Generation
Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value 2021 2022 2023 2024 20252026 and
Beyond
Normal Operations, Commodity derivative contracts :
Actively quoted prices (Level 1) $(48) $ 8 $ 8 $ 11 $ 17 $ — $ (4)
Prices provided by external sources (Level 2) 212 78 13 (1) 1 — 303 
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3) 215 109 75 20 10 1 430 
Total $379 $195 $ 96 $ 30 $ 28 $ 1 $ 729 
__________
(a)Mark-to-market gains and losses on other economic hedge and trading derivative contracts that are recorded in the results of operations.
(b)Amounts are shown net of collateral paid to and received from counterparties (and offset against mark-to-market assets and liabilities) of $416
million at December 31, 2020.
ComEd
Maturities Within
Total Fair
Value 2021 2022 2023 2024 20252026 and
Beyond
Commodity derivative contracts:
Prices based on model or other valuation
methods (Level 3) $(33) $(29) $(28) $(27) $(26) $ (158) $ (301)
__________
(a)Represents ComEd’s net liabilities associated with the floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
Credit Risk (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties that execute derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date. See Note 16—Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a
detailed discussion of credit risk.(a)(b)
(c)
(a)(b)
(a)
(a)
131
Table of Contents
Generation
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, normal purchases and normal
sales agreements, and payables and receivables , net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as
of December 31, 2020. The tables further delineate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the
concentration of credit risk to individual counterparties and an indication of the duration of a company’ s credit risk by credit rating of
the counterp arties. The figures in the table below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail customers, uranium procurement
contracts, and exposure through R TOs, ISOs, and commodity exchanges, which are discussed below .
Rating as of December 31, 2020Total
Exposure
Before Credit
CollateralCredit
CollateralNet
ExposureNumber of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net ExposureNet Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 577 $ 27 $ 550 — $ — 
Non-investment grade 32 — 32 — — 
No external ratings
Internally rated—investment
grade 165 1 164 — — 
Internally rated—non-investment
grade 80 28 52 — — 
Total $ 854 $ 56 $ 798 — $ — 
Maturity of Credit Risk Exposure
Rating as of December 31, 2020Less than
2 Years2-5
YearsExposure
Greater than
5 YearsTotal Exposure
Before Credit
Collateral
Investment grade $ 520 $ 36 $ 21 $ 577 
Non-investment grade 32 — — 32 
No external ratings
Internally rated—investment grade 128 25 12 165 
Internally rated—non-investment grade 67 10 3 80 
Total $ 747 $ 71 $ 36 $ 854 
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty As of December 31, 2020
Financial institutions $ 15 
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 607 
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 138 
Other 38 
Total $ 798 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2020, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $31 million of cash and $25
million of letters of credit.
The Utility Registrants
Credit risk for the Utility Registrants is gove rned by credit and collection policies, which are aligned with state regulatory
requirements. The Utility Registrants are currently obligated to provide service to all electric customers within their franchised
territories. The Utility Registrants record an allowance for credit losses on customer receivables, based upon historical loss
experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors, to provide for the potential loss from nonpayment by these
customers. The Utility Registrants will monitor nonpayment from customers and will make any necessary adjustments to the
allowance for credit losses on customer receiv ables. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for the allowance for credit losses policy . The Utility Registrants did not have any customers
representing over 10% of their revenues as of December 31, 2020. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the(a)
132
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the regulatory recovery of credit losses
on customer accounts receivable.
As of December 31, 2020, the Utility Registrants net credit exposure to suppliers was immaterial. See Note 16 — Derivative
Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features (All Registrants)
Generation
As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physical or financial contracts for the sale and purchase of
electricity , natural gas, and other commodities. In accordance with the contracts and applicable law, if Generation is downgraded by
a credit rating agency , especially if such downg rade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would
attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance. Depending on
Generation’ s net position with a counterparty , the demand could be for the posting of collateral. In the absence of expressly agreed-
to provisions  that specify the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circumstances of
the situation  at the time of the demand. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding collateral requirements and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of
the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the letters of credit supporting the
cash collateral.
Generation transacts output through bilateral contracts. The bilateral contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of
counterparties to meet their contractual payment obligations. Any failure to collect these payments from counterparties could have a
material impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements. As market prices rise above or fall below contracted price levels,
Generation is required to post collateral with purchasers; as market prices fall below contracted price levels, counterparties are
required to post collatera l with Generation. To post collateral, Generation depends on access to bank credit facilities, which serve as
liquidity sources to fund collateral requirements. See ITEM 7. Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Matters — Exelon Credit
Facilities for additional information.
The Utility Registrants
As of December 31, 2020, the Utility Registrants were not required to post collateral under their energy and/or natural gas
procurement contracts. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
RTOs and ISOs (All Registrants)
All Registran ts participat e in all, or some, of the established, wholesale spot energy markets that are administered by PJM, ISO-NE,
NYISO, CAISO, MISO, SPP, AESO, OIESO, and ERCOT . ERCOT  is not subject to regulation by FERC but performs a similar
function in Texas to that performed by RTOs in markets regulated by FERC. In these areas, power is traded through bilateral
agreements between buyers and sellers and on the spot energy markets that are administered by the RTOs or ISOs, as applicable.
In areas where there is no spot energy market, electricity is purchased and sold solely through bilateral agreements. For sales into
the spot markets admini stered by an RTO or ISO, the RTO or ISO maintains financial assurance policies that are established and
enforced by those admin istrators. The credit policies of the RTOs and ISOs may, under certain circumstances, require that losses
arising from the default of one member on spot energy market transactions be shared by the remaining participants. Non-
performance or non-payment by a major counterparty could result in a material adverse impact on the Registrants’  financial
statements.
Exchange T raded T ransactions (Exelon, Generation, PHI, and DPL)
Generation enters into commodity transactions on NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX, and the Nodal exchange ("the Exchanges"). DPL
enters into commodity transactions on ICE. The Exchange clearinghouses act as the counterpart y to each trade. Transactions on the
Exchanges must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. As a result, transactions on Exchanges are
significantly collateralized and have limited counterparty credit risk.
133
Table of Contents
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation use a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to manage interest rate exposure. Exelon and
Generation may also utilize interest rate swaps to manage their interest rate exposure. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in the
interest rates  associated with unhedged variable -rate debt (excluding Commercial Paper) and fixed-to-floating swaps would result in
approximately a $2 millio n decrease in Exelon pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2020. To manage foreign exchange
rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, Generation utilizes foreign
currency derivatives, which are typically designated as economic hedges. See Note 16—Derivative Financial Instruments of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Equity Price Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation maintain trust funds, as required by the NRC, to fund certain costs of decommissioning its nuclear plants. As
of Decembe r 31, 2020, Generation’ s NDT funds are reflected at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The mix of securities
in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to compensate Generation for inflationary
increases in decommissioning costs; however , the equity securities in the trust funds are exposed to price fluctuations in equity
markets, and the value of fixed-rate, fixed-income securities are exposed to changes in interest  rates. Generation actively monitors
the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocation in acco rdance with Generation’ s NDT fund
investment policy . A hypothetical 25 basis points increase in interest rates and 10% decrease in equity prices would result in a $851
million reduc tion in the fair value of the trust assets. This calculation holds all other variables constant and assumes only the
discussed changes in interest rates and equity prices. See Liquidity and Capital Resources section of ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS for additional information of equity
price risk as a result of the current capital and credit market conditions.
134
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Generation
General
Generation’ s integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery , and marketing of power across multiple geographical
regions through its customer-facing business, Constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. Generation has five reportable
segments consisting of the Mid-Atlantic, Midwes t, New York, ERCOT , and Other Power Regions. These segments are discussed in
further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Exelon Generation Company , LLC of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s executive overview is set forth under ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS — Exelon Corporation — Executive Overview of this
Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion  of Generation’ s results of operation s for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under  Results of Operations—Generation
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Generation’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. Generation’ s capital resources are primarily
provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , extern al financing, including the issuance
of long-term debt, commercial paper , particip ation in the intercompany money pool, or capital contributions from Exelon.
Generation’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as
well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deteriorate to where Generation no longer has access to the capital
markets at reasonable terms, Generation has credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.3 billion that currently support its commercial
paper program and issuances of letters of credit. 
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund Generation’ s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. Genera tion spends a significant amount of
cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
135
Table of Contents
A discussion of items pertinent to Generation’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to Gener ation is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of Generation’ s contractual obliga tions, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth
under Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of Generation’ s critical accounting policies
and estimates. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Generation
Generation is exposed to market risks associated with credit, interest rates, and equity price. These risks are described above under
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk — Exelon.
136
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
ComEd
General
ComEd operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision of distribu tion and transmission services to retail customers in northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago. This
segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—ComEd of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION—Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion of ComEd ’s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under  Results of Operations—ComEd in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
ComEd’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ComEd’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper, or credit facility borrowings. ComEd’ s access to external financing  at reasonable terms is dependent
on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in gene ral. At December 31, 2020, ComEd
had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund ComEd’ s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. ComEd spends a significant amount of cash
on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , ComEd operates in rate-
regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over
an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash  flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ComEd’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing
Activities in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
137
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to ComEd is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of ComEd’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of ComEd’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
ComEd
ComEd is exposed to market risks associated with commodity price and credit. These risks are described above under Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
138
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
PECO
General
PECO opera tes in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern Pennsylvania including the City of Philadelphia, and the
purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in Pennsylvania in the counties surrounding
the City of Philadelphia. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—PECO of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to PECO’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION—Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion of PECO’ s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth unde r Results of Operations—PECO in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
PECO’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. PECO’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper , or participation in the intercompany money pool. PECO’ s access  to external financing at reasonable
terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these
conditions deteriorate to where PECO no longer has access to the capital markets at reasona ble terms, PECO has access to a
revolving credit facility . At December 31, 2020, PECO had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of
$600 million.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund PECO’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. PECO spends a significant amount of cash
on capital improvements and construction proje cts that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , PECO operates in a
rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place
over an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PECO’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
139
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to PECO is set forth under Credit Matters in “EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of PECO’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of PECO’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
PECO
PECO is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
140
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
BGE
General
BGE operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services in central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore, and the purchase and
regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore. This
segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—BGE of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to BGE’ s execut ive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPO RATION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion of BGE’ s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under Results of Operations—BGE in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
BGE’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. BGE’ s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper . BGE’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general
business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deteri orate to where BGE no longer has
access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, BGE has access to a revolving credit facility . At December 31, 2020, BGE had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund BGE’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. BGE spends a significant amount of cash
on capital improvements and construction projec ts that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , BGE operates in a rate-
regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over
an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Investing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to BGE’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
141
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to BGE is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of BGE’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of BGE’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
BGE
BGE is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are desc ribed above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
142
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
PHI
General
PHI has three reportab le segments Pepco, DPL, and ACE. Its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of
electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale
and supply of natural gas in Delaware. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — PHI of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion of PHI’s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under Resu lts of Operations—PHI in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
PHI’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. PHI’s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper , borrowings from the Exelon money pool, or capital contributions from Exelon. PHI’s access to external
financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions,  as well as that of the utility industry
in general.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund PHI’s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. PHI spends a significant amount of cash on
capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “Cas h Flows from Investing Activities” in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to PHI’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “Cash Flows from Financing Activities”
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
143
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to PHI is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON COR PORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of PHI’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of PHI’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
PHI
PHI is exposed to mark et risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk — Exelon.
144
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
Pepco
General
Pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and
the provision  of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in District of Columbia and major portions of Prince
George’ s County and Montgomery County in Maryland. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — Pepco
of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion of items pertinent to Pepco’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPO RATION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K. 
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion  of Pepco’ s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under Results of Operations—Pepco in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Pepco’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. Pepco’ s capital resources are primarily provided
by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-
term debt, commercial paper, or credit facility borrowings. Pepco’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on
its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.  At December 31, 2020, Pepco had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund Pepco’ s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. Pepco spends a significant amount of cash
on capital improvements  and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , Pepco operates in rate-
regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over
an extended period of time. 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to Pepco’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
145
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to Pepco is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON  CORPORA TION — Liquidity and
Capital Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of Pepco’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of Pepco’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Pepco
Pepco is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are desc ribed above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
146
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
DPL
General
DPL operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of Maryland and Delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale
and supply of natural gas in New Castle County , Delaware. This segment is discussed in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — DPL
of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to DPL’s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion  of DPL’s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under Results of Operations—DPL  in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
DPL’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. DPL’s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt or commercial paper . DPL’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general
business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. If these conditions deter iorate to where DPL no longer has
access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, DPL has access to a revolving credit facilit y. At December 31, 2020, DPL had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund DPL’s capital requirements, including construc tion expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. DPL spends a significant amount of cash on
capital impro vements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , DPL operates in a rate-
regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over
an extended period of time. 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to DPL’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
147
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion of credit matters pertinent to DPL is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON COR PORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K. 
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion  of DPL’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of DPL’s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
DPL
DPL is expo sed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Exelon.
148
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF
OPERA TIONS
ACE
General
ACE operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the
provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern New Jersey . This segment is discussed
in further detail in ITEM 1. BUSINESS — ACE of this Form 10-K.
Executive Overview
A discussion  of items pertinent to ACE’ s executive overview is set forth under EXELON CORPORA TION — Executive Overview of
this Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2019
A discussion of ACE’ s results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under Resul ts of Operations—ACE in EXELON
CORPORA TION — Results of Operations of this Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
ACE’ s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ACE’ s capital resources are primarily provided by
internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary , external financing, including the issuance of long-term
debt, commercial paper , or credit facility borrow ings. ACE’ s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its
credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general . At December 31, 2020, ACE had
access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
See EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital resources are used primarily to fund ACE’s capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay
dividends, fund pension and OPEB obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. ACE spends a significant amount of cash
on capital improvements and construction proje cts that have a long-term return on investment. Additionally , ACE operates in rate-
regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over
an extended period of time.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Operating Activities
in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
A discussion  of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Investing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
A discussion of items pertinent to ACE’ s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under Cash Flows from Financing Activities in
EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Form 10-K.
149
Table of Contents
Credit Matters
A discussion  of credit matters pertinent to ACE is set forth under Credit Matters in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital
Resources of this Form 10-K.
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
A discussion of ACE’ s contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in EXELON CORPORA TION — Liquidity and Capital Resources of
this Form 10-K.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
See All Registrants — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates above for a discussion of ACE’ s critical accounting policies and
estimates.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding
new accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTIT ATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
ACE
ACE is exposed to market risks associated with credit and interest rates. These risks are described above under Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk— Exelon.
150
Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The manage ment of Exelon Corporation (Exelo n) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Exelon’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Exelon’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
The effectiv eness of Exelon’ s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
 
February 24, 2021
151
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Exelon Generation Comp any, LLC (Generation) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reaso nable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Generation’ s manageme nt conducted an assess ment of the effectiveness of Generation’ s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2020.  In making this assessment, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integra ted Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment,
Generation’ s management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, Generation’ s internal control over financial reporting was
effective.
 
February 24, 2021
152
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The manage ment of Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd) is responsible for establishing  and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ComEd’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ComEd’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, ComEd’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 24, 2021
153
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of PECO Energy Company (PECO) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PECO’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PECO’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, PECO’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 24, 2021
154
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
BGE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, BGE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, BGE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 24, 2021
155
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Pepco Holdings LLC (PHI) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
PHI’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of PHI’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, PHI’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, PHI’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 24, 2021
156
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Potomac Electric Power Company (Pepco) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Pepco’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, Pepco’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, Pepco’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
  
February 24, 2021
157
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Delmarva Power & Light Company (DPL) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal  control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
DPL’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of DPL’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, DPL’s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, DPL ’s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 24, 2021
158
Table of Contents
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 
The management of Atlantic City Electric Company (ACE) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may beco me inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
ACE’ s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020. In making this assessm ent, management used the criteria in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
(2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, ACE’ s
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, ACE’ s internal control over financial reporting was ef fective.
 
February 24, 2021
159
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Exelon Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(1)(i), and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1)(ii), of Exelon Corporation and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). W e also have audited the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, ef fective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in
2019.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining ef fective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the ef fectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions
on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated  financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether ef fective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating ef fectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. W e believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’ s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’ s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
160
Table of Contents
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’ s assets that
could have a material ef fect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of ef fectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below  are matters  arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below , providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Annual Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) Assessment
As described in Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a legal obligation to decommission its
nuclear generation stations following the expiration of their operating licenses. To estimate its decommissioning obligation related to
its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes, management uses a probability-weighted cash flow
model, which on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple scenarios that include significant estimates and assumptions such as
decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates, probabilistic cash flow models and discount rates. Management updates its
ARO annually unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its review of updated cost studies and its annual
evaluation of cost escalation factors and probabilities assigned to various scenarios. As of December 31, 2020, the nuclear
decommissioning ARO was approximately $11.9 billion.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company’ s annual ARO assessment is
a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when estimating its decommissioning obligation; this in turn led to
a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity , and ef fort in performing procedures and evaluating the reasonableness of
management’ s cash flow model and significant assumptions related to decommissioning cost studies. In addition, the audit ef fort
involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used in management’ s ARO assessment. These procedures also included,
among others, testing management’ s process for developing the ARO estimates by evaluating the appropriateness of the cash flow
model, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s
significant assumptions related to decommissioning cost studies. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to
assist in evaluating the results of decommissioning cost studies.
Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Generation Assets
As described in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived
assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those
assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to,
declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life.
Management determines if long-lived assets and asset groups are impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future cash
flows to the carrying value. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable,
the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset
group over its fair value. The expected future cash flows include significant unobservable inputs including revenue and generation
forecasts, projected capital and maintenance expenditures and discount rates. As of December 31, 2020, the total carrying value of
long-lived generation assets subject to this evaluation was approximately $22.2 billion.
161
Table of Contents
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company’ s impairment assessment of
long-lived generation assets is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in assessing the recoverability of
these asset groups; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and ef fort in performing procedures and
evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s significant assumptions related to revenue and generation forecasts. In addition,
the audit ef fort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used to estimate the recoverability and fair value of the Company’ s long-lived
generation asset groups. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’ s process for developing expected
future cash flows for long-lived generation asset groups by evaluating the appropriateness of the future cash flow model, testing the
completeness and accuracy of the data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s significant
assumptions related to revenue and generation forecasts. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
evaluating the reasonableness of revenue forecasts.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in their consolidated financial statements the ef fects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of
December 31, 2020, there were approximately $10.0 billion of regulatory assets and approximately $10.1 billion of regulatory
liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based
on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since 2000.
162
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Exelon Generation Company , LLC
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(2)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(ii), of Exelon Generation Company , LLC
and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2020  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in
2019.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the  consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated  financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated  financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below , providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Annual Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) Assessment
As described in Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a legal obligation to decommission its
nuclear generation stations following the expiration of their operating licenses. To estimate its decommissioning obligation related to
its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes, management uses a probability-weighted cash flow
model, which on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple scenarios that include significant estimates and assumptions such as
decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates, probabilistic cash flow models and discount rates. Management updates its
ARO annually
163
Table of Contents
unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its review of updated cost studies and its annual evaluation of cost
escalation factors and probabilities assigned to various scenarios. As of December 31, 2020, the nuclear decommissioning ARO was
approximately $11.9 billion.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company’ s annual ARO assessment is
a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when estimating its decommissioning obligation; this in turn led to
a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity , and ef fort in performing procedures and evaluating the reasonableness of
management’ s cash flow model and significant assumptions related to decommissioning cost studies. In addition, the audit ef fort
involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used in management’ s ARO assessment. These procedures also included,
among others, testing management’ s process for developing the ARO estimates by evaluating the appropriateness of the cash flow
model, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s
significant assumptions related to decommissioning cost studies. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to
assist in evaluating the results of decommissioning cost studies.
Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Generation Assets
As described in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived
assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those
assets may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to,
declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life.
Management determines if long-lived assets and asset groups are impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future cash
flows to the carrying value. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable,
the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset
group over its fair value. The expected future cash flows include significant unobservable inputs including revenue and generation
forecasts, projected capital and maintenance expenditures and discount rates. As of December 31, 2020, the total carrying value of
long-lived generation assets subject to this evaluation was approximately $22.2 billion.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company’ s impairment assessment of
long-lived generation assets is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in assessing the recoverability of
these asset groups; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and ef fort in performing procedures and
evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s significant assumptions related to revenue and generation forecasts. In addition,
the audit ef fort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to management’ s
development of the inputs, assumptions, and model used to estimate the recoverability and fair value of the Company’ s long-lived
generation asset groups. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’ s process for developing expected
future cash flows for long-lived generation asset groups by evaluating the appropriateness of the future cash flow model, testing the
completeness and accuracy of the data used by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s significant
assumptions related to revenue and generation forecasts. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
evaluating the reasonableness of revenue forecasts.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001.
164
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholders of Commonwealth Edison Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(3)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(3)(ii), of  Commonwealth Edison Company
and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2020  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the  consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the  consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in their consolidated financial statements the ef fects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will
165
Table of Contents
be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2020, there were approximately $2.0 billion of regulatory
assets and approximately $6.7 billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based
on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chicago, Illinois
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000.
166
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of PECO Energy Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(4)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(4)(ii), of PECO Energy Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These  consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the  consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated  financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in their consolidated financial statements the ef fects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company
accounts for its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and
legislative proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is
probable that its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will
167
Table of Contents
be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2020, there were approximately $801 million of regulatory
assets and approximately $624 million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based
on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1932.
168
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Shareholder of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(5)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(5)(ii), of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (the
“Company”) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly , in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the  financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in their financial statements the ef fects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
169
Table of Contents
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2020, there were
approximately $649 million of regulatory assets and approximately $1,139 million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the
Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding regulatory
guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based on
provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company’ s auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
170
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the  Board of Directors and Member of Pepco Holdings LLC
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing un der Item 15(a)
(6)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(6)(ii), of Pe pco Holdings LLC and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in
2019.
Basis for Opinion
These  consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated  financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in their consolidated financial statements the ef fects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company
accounts for
171
Table of Contents
its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction
under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative
proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that
its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31,
2020, there were approximately $2.4 billion of regulatory assets and approximately $1.6 billion of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based
on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001.
172
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Potomac Electric Power Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(7)(ii), of Potomac Electric Power Company (the
“Company”) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly , in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the  financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the  financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the  financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in their financial statements the ef fects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
173
Table of Contents
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2020, there were
approximately $784 million of regulatory assets and approximately $690 million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the
Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding regulatory
guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based on
provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
174
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Delmarva Power & Light Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(i), and the
financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(8)(ii), of Delmarva Power & Light Company (the
“Company”) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly , in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.
Basis for Opinion
These  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’ s financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the  financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the  financial
statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the  financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain
types of regulation, which requires management to record in their financial statements the ef fects of cost-based rate regulation for
entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (ii)
rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there is a reasonable expectation that rates
designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company accounts for its regulated operations in
175
Table of Contents
accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction under state public utility laws
and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative proceedings, where applicable,
management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that its currently recorded
regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31, 2020, there were
approximately $280 million of regulatory assets and approximately $540 million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for regulatory
matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the
Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding regulatory
guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based on
provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1993. W e have not been able to determine the specific year we began
serving as auditor of the Company .
176
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Atlantic City Electric Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)
(9)(i), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(9)(ii), of Atlantic City Electric Company and
its subsidiary (the “Company”) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly , in all material respects, the financial position of the Company  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020  in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Change in Accounting Principle
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in
2019.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated  financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’ s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. W e are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits of these consolidated  financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the ef fectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly , we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated  financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated  financial statements. W e believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the  consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated  financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below , providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Accounting for the Effects of Rate Regulation
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for
accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires management to record in their consolidated financial statements the ef fects
of cost-based rate regulation for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria, (i) rates are established or
approved by a third-party regulator; (ii) rates are designed to recover the entity’ s cost of providing services or products; and (iii) there
is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. The Company
accounts for
177
Table of Contents
its regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction
under state public utility laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Upon updates in material regulatory and legislative
proceedings, where applicable, management will record new regulatory assets or liabilities and will assess whether it is probable that
its currently recorded regulatory assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively , in future rates. As of December 31,
2020, there were approximately $470 million of regulatory assets and approximately $318 million of regulatory liabilities.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to management’ s accounting for the ef fects of
rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the high degree of audit ef fort to assess the impact of regulation on accounting for
regulatory assets and liabilities and to evaluate the complex audit evidence related to whether the regulatory assets and liabilities will
be recovered and settled.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the ef fectiveness of controls relating to accounting for
regulatory matters and evaluation of existing regulatory assets and liabilities. These procedures also included, among others,
obtaining the Company’ s correspondence with regulators, evaluating the reasonableness of management’ s judgments regarding
regulatory guidance and proceedings and the related accounting implications, and calculating regulatory assets and liabilities based
on provisions outlined in rate orders and other correspondence with regulators.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 24, 2021
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998.
178
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Incom e
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions, except per share data) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Competitive businesses revenues $ 16,400  $ 17,754  $ 19,168  
Rate-regulated utility revenues 16,633  16,839  16,879  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 6 (155) (69)
Total operating revenues 33,039  34,438  35,978  
Operating expenses
Competitive businesses purchased power and fuel 9,592  10,849  11,679  
Rate-regulated utility purchased power and fuel 4,512  4,648  4,991  
Operating and maintenance 9,408  8,615  9,337  
Depreciation and amortization 5,014  4,252  4,353  
Taxes other than income taxes 1,714  1,732  1,783  
     Total operating expenses 30,240  30,096  32,143  
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 24 31 56 
Gain on deconsolidation of business — 1 — 
Operating income 2,823  4,374  3,891  
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (1,610 ) (1,591 ) (1,529 )
Interest expense to af filiates (25) (25) (25)
Other , net 1,145  1,227  (112)
      Total other (deductions) (490) (389) (1,666 )
Income before income taxes 2,333  3,985  2,225  
Income taxes 373 774 118 
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (6) (183) (28)
Net income 1,954  3,028  2,079  
Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (9) 92 74 
Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 1,963  $ 2,936  $ 2,005  
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes
Net income $ 1,954  $ 3,028  $ 2,079  
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost (40) (65) (66)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost 190 149 247 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation adjustment (357) (289) (143)
Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges (3) — 12 
Unrealized gain on investments in unconsolidated af filiates — 1 2 
Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency translation 4 6 (10)
Other comprehensive income (loss) (206) (198) 42 
Comprehensive income 1,748  2,830  2,121  
Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (9) 93 75 
Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders $ 1,757  $ 2,737  $ 2,046  
Average shares of common stock outstanding:
Basic 976 973 967 
Assumed exercise and/or distributions of stock-based awards 1 1 2 
Diluted 977 974 969 
Earnings per average common share:
Basic $ 2.01 $ 3.02 $ 2.07 
Diluted $ 2.01 $ 3.01 $ 2.07 
__________
(a) The number of stock options not included in the calculation of diluted common shares outstanding due to their antidilutive ef fect was less than 1 million
for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and approximately 3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
179
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 1,954  $ 3,028  $ 2,079  
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization 6,527  5,780  5,971  
Asset impairments 591 201 50 
Gain on sales of assets and businesses (24) (27) (56)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 309 681 (108)
Net fair value changes related to derivatives (268) 222 294 
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on NDT  funds (461) (663) 303 
Unrealized gain on equity investments (186) — — 
Other non-cash operating activities 592 613 1,131  
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable 697 (243) (565)
Inventories (85) (87) (37)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (129) (425) 551 
Option premiums (paid), net (139) (29) (43)
Collateral received (posted), net 494 (438) 82 
Income taxes 140 (64) 340 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (601) (408) (383)
Other assets and liabilities (5,176 ) (1,482 ) (965)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 4,235  6,659  8,644  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (8,048 ) (7,248 ) (7,594 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales 3,341  10,051  8,762  
Investment in NDT  funds (3,464 ) (10,087 ) (8,997 )
Collection of DPP 3,771  — — 
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net — (41) (154)
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses 46 53 91 
Other investing activities 18 12 58 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (4,336 ) (7,260 ) (7,834 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 161 781 (338)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 500 — 126 
Repayments on short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — (125) (1)
Issuance of long-term debt 7,507  1,951  3,115  
Retirement of long-term debt (6,440 ) (1,287 ) (1,786 )
Dividends paid on common stock (1,492 ) (1,408 ) (1,332 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans 45 112 105 
Other financing activities (136) (82) (108)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 145 (58) (219)
 Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 44 (659) 591 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 1,122  1,781  1,190  
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 1,166  $ 1,122  $ 1,781  
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 194 $ (7)$ (69)
Increase in DPP 4,441  — — 
Increase (decrease) in PP&E related to ARO update 850 968 (107)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
180
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 663 $ 587 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 438 358 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 3,597 4,835
Customer allowance for credit losses (366) (243)
Customer accounts receivable, net 3,231  4,592  
Other accounts receivable 1,469 1,631
Other allowance for credit losses (71) (48)
Other accounts receivable, net 1,398  1,583  
Mark-to-market derivative assets 644 679 
Unamortized energy contract assets 38 47 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 297 312 
Materials and supplies 1,425  1,456  
Regulatory assets 1,228  1,170  
Renewable energy credits 633 348 
Assets held for sale 958 — 
Other 1,609  905 
Total current assets 12,562  12,037  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$26,727  and $ 23,979  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 82,584  80,233  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 8,759  8,335  
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 14,464  13,190  
Investments 440 464 
Goodwill 6,677  6,677  
Mark-to-market derivative assets 555 508 
Unamortized energy contract assets 294 336 
Other 2,982  3,197  
Total deferred debits and other assets 34,171  32,707  
Total assets $ 129,317  $ 124,977  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
181
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 2,031  $ 1,370  
Long-term debt due within one year 1,819  4,710  
Accounts payable 3,562  3,560  
Accrued expenses 2,078  1,981  
Payables to af filiates 5 5 
Regulatory liabilities 581 406 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 295 247 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 100 132 
Renewable energy credit obligation 661 443 
Liabilities held for sale 375 — 
Other 1,264  1,331  
Total current liabilities 12,771  14,185  
Long-term debt 35,093  31,329  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 390 390 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 13,035  12,351  
Asset retirement obligations 12,300  10,846  
Pension obligations 4,503  4,247  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 2,011  2,076  
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,208  1,199  
Regulatory liabilities 9,485  9,986  
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 473 393 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 238 338 
Other 2,942  3,064  
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 46,195  44,500  
Total liabilities 94,449  90,404  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock (No par value, 2,000  shares authorized, 976 shares and 973 shares
outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 19,373  19,274  
Treasury stock, at cost ( 2 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 16,735  16,267  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (3,400 ) (3,194 )
Total shareholders’  equity 32,585  32,224  
Noncontrolling interests 2,283  2,349  
Total equity 34,868  34,573  
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 129,317  $ 124,977  
__________
(a)Exelon’s consolidated assets include $10,200 million and $9,532 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, of certain VIEs that can
only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Exelon’s consolidated liabilities include $3,598 million and $3,473 million at December 31, 2020
and 2019, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Exelon. See Note 23–Variable Interest Entities for
additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
182
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Shareholders' Equity
(In millions, shares in thousands)Issued
SharesCommon
StockTreasury
StockRetained
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
LossNoncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 965,168 $18,964 $ (123)$14,063 $ (3,026)$ 2,291 $ 32,169 
Net income — — — 2,005 — 74 2,079 
Long-term incentive plan activity 3,534 41 — — — — 41 
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 1,318 105 — — — — 105 
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 6 — — — — 6 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (60) (60)
Common stock dividends
($1.38/common share) — — — (1,339) — — (1,339)
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — — — 41 1 42 
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and
Liabilities standard — — — 14 (10) — 4 
Balance, December 31, 2018 970,020 $19,116 $ (123)$14,743 $ (2,995)$ 2,306 $ 33,047 
Net income — — — 2,936 — 92 3,028 
Long-term incentive plan
activity 3,111 40 — — — — 40 
Employee stock purchase
plan issuances 1,285 112 — — — — 112 
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 6 — — — — 6 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (48) (48)
Common stock dividends
($1.45/common share) — — — (1,412) — — (1,412)
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — — — (199) (1) (200)
Balance, December 31, 2019 974,416 $19,274 $ (123)$16,267 $ (3,194)$ 2,349 $ 34,573 
Net income (loss) — — — 1,963 — (9) 1,954 
Long-term incentive plan activity 1,570 40 — — — — 40 
Employee stock purchase plan
issuances 1,480 56 — — — — 56 
Sale of noncontrolling interests — 3 — — — — 3 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — — — (57) (57)
Common stock dividends
($1.53/common share)
— — — (1,495) — — (1,495)
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — — — (206) — (206)
Balance, December 31, 2020 977,466 $19,373 $ (123)$16,735 $ (3,400)$ 2,283 $ 34,868 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
183
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Operating revenues $ 16,392  $ 17,752  $ 19,169  
Operating revenues from af filiates 1,211  1,172  1,268  
Total operating revenues 17,603  18,924  20,437  
Operating expenses
Purchased power and fuel 9,592  10,849  11,679  
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates (7) 7 14 
Operating and maintenance 4,613  4,131  4,803  
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 555 587 661 
Depreciation and amortization 2,123  1,535  1,797  
Taxes other than income taxes 482 519 556 
Total operating expenses 17,358  17,628  19,510  
Gain on sales of assets and businesses 11 27 48 
Operating income 256 1,323  975 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (328) (394) (396)
Interest expense to af filiates (29) (35) (36)
Other , net 937 1,023  (178)
Total other income and (deductions) 580 594 (610)
Income before income taxes 836 1,917  365 
Income taxes 249 516 (108)
Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates (8) (184) (30)
Net income 579 1,217  443 
Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (10) 92 73 
Net income attributable to membership interest $ 589 $ 1,125  $ 370 
Comprehensive income, net of income taxes
Net income $ 579 $ 1,217  $ 443 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes
Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges (2) — 12 
Unrealized gain on investments in unconsolidated af filiates — 1 1 
Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency translation 4 6 (10)
Other comprehensive income 2 7 3 
Comprehensive income $ 581 $ 1,224  $ 446 
Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (10) 93 74 
Comprehensive income attributable to membership interest $ 591 $ 1,131  $ 372 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
184
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 579 $ 1,217  $ 443 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion, including nuclear fuel and energy contract amortization 3,636  3,063  3,415  
Asset impairments 563 201 50 
Gain on sales of assets and businesses (11) (27) (48)
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 78 361 (451)
Net fair value changes related to derivatives (270) 228 307 
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on NDT  fund investments (461) (663) 303 
Unrealized gain on equity investments (186) — — 
Other non-cash operating activities 18 (124) 298 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable 1,125  (186) (359)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 24 (52) 8 
Inventories (77) (47) (12)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (343) (248) 376 
Option premiums paid, net (139) (29) (43)
Collateral received (posted), net 479 (481) 64 
Income taxes 186 302 (193)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (255) (175) (139)
Other assets and liabilities (4,362 ) (467) (158)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 584 2,873  3,861  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,747 ) (1,845 ) (2,242 )
Proceeds from NDT  fund sales 3,341  10,051  8,762  
Investment in NDT  funds (3,464 ) (10,087 ) (8,997 )
Collection of DPP 3,771  — — 
Proceeds from sales of assets and businesses 46 52 90 
Acquisitions of assets and businesses, net — (41) (154)
Other investing activities 11 3 10 
Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 1,958  (1,867 ) (2,531 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Change in short-term borrowings 20 320 — 
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days 500 — — 
Issuance of long-term debt 3,155  42 15 
Retirement of long-term debt (4,334 ) (813) (141)
Retirement of long-term debt to af filiate (550) — — 
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 285 (100) 46 
Distributions to member (1,734 ) (899) (1,001 )
Contributions from member 64 41 155 
Other financing activities (70) (51) (55)
Net cash flows used in financing activities (2,664 ) (1,460 ) (981)
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (122) (454) 349 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 449 903 554 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 327 $ 449 $ 903 
Supplemental cash flow information
Decrease in capital expenditures not paid $ (88)$ (34)$ (199)
Increase in DPP 4,441  — — 
Increase (decrease) in PP&E related to ARO update 850 959 (130)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
185
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 226 $ 303 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 89 146 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 1,330 2,973
Customer allowance for credit losses (32) (80)
      Customer accounts receivable, net 1,298  2,893  
Other accounts receivable 352 619
      Other accounts receivable, net 352 619 
Mark-to-market derivative assets 644 675 
Receivables from af filiates 153 190 
Unamortized energy contract assets 38 47 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel and emission allowances 233 236 
Materials and supplies 978 1,026  
Renewable energy credits 621 336 
Assets held for sale 958 — 
Other 1,357  605 
Total current assets 6,947  7,076  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$13,370  and $ 12,017  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 22,214  24,193  
Deferred debits and other assets
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 14,464  13,190  
Investments 184 235 
Goodwill 47 47 
Mark-to-market derivative assets 555 508 
Prepaid pension asset 1,558  1,438  
Unamortized energy contract assets 293 336 
Deferred income taxes 6 12 
Other 1,826  1,960  
Total deferred debits and other assets 18,933  17,726  
Total assets $ 48,094  $ 48,995  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
186
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company, LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 840 $ 320 
Long-term debt due within one year 197 2,624  
Long-term debt to af filiates due within one year — 558 
Accounts payable 1,253  1,692  
Accrued expenses 788 786 
Payables to af filiates 107 117 
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 285 — 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 262 215 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 7 17 
Renewable energy credit obligation 661 443 
Liabilities held for sale 375 — 
Other 444 517 
Total current liabilities 5,219  7,289  
Long-term debt 5,566  4,464  
Long-term debt to affiliates 324 328 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 3,656  3,752  
Asset retirement obligations 12,054  10,603  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 858 878 
Spent nuclear fuel obligation 1,208  1,199  
Payables to af filiates 3,017  3,103  
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 205 123 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 3 11 
Other 1,308  1,415  
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 22,309  21,084  
Total liabilities 33,418  33,165  
Commitments and contingencies
Equity
Member ’s equity
Membership interest 9,624  9,566  
Undistributed earnings 2,805  3,950  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (30) (32)
Total member ’s equity 12,399  13,484  
Noncontrolling interests 2,277  2,346  
Total equity 14,676  15,830  
Total liabilities and equity $ 48,094  $ 48,995  
__________
(a)Generation’s consolidated assets include $10,182 million and $9,512 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, of certain VIEs that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. Generation’s consolidated liabilities include $3,572 million and $3,429 million at
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, of certain VIEs for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Generation. See Note 23–
Variable Interest Entities for additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
187
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company, LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Member’s Equity
Noncontrolling
InterestsTotal
Equity (In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Loss, net
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 9,357  $ 4,349  $ (37)$ 2,290  $ 15,959  
Net income — 370 — 73 443 
Sale of noncontrolling interests 6 — — — 6 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (60) (60)
Distributions to member — (1,001 ) — — (1,001 )
Contributions from member 155 — — — 155 
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — 2 1 3 
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and
Liabilities standard — 6 (3) — 3 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,518  $ 3,724  $ (38)$ 2,304  $ 15,508  
Net income — 1,125  — 92 1,217  
Sale of noncontrolling interests 7 — — — 7 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (48) (48)
Distributions to member — (899) — — (899)
Contributions from member 41 — — — 41 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net
of income taxes — — 6 (2) 4 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 9,566  $ 3,950  $ (32)$ 2,346  $ 15,830  
Net income — 589 — (10) 579 
Sale of noncontrolling interests 3 — — — 3 
Changes in equity of noncontrolling
interests — — — (59) (59)
Distribution to member of deferred
taxes associated with net retirement
benefit obligation (9) — — — (9)
Distributions to member — (1,734 ) — — (1,734 )
Contributions from member 64 — — — 64 
Other comprehensive income, net of
income taxes — — 2 — 2 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 9,624  $ 2,805  $ (30)$ 2,277  $ 14,676  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
188
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 5,914  $ 5,850  $ 5,884  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (47) (133) (29)
Operating revenues from af filiates 37 30 27 
Total operating revenues 5,904  5,747  5,882  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,653  1,565  1,626  
Purchased power from af filiates 345 376 529 
Operating and maintenance 1,231  1,041  1,068  
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 289 264 267 
Depreciation and amortization 1,133  1,033  940 
Taxes other than income taxes 299 301 311 
Total operating expenses 4,950  4,580  4,741  
Gain on sales of assets — 4 5 
Operating income 954 1,171  1,146  
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (369) (346) (334)
Interest expense to af filiates (13) (13) (13)
Other , net 43 39 33 
Total other income and (deductions) (339) (320) (314)
Income before income taxes 615 851 832 
Income taxes 177 163 168 
Net income $ 438 $ 688 $ 664 
Comprehensive income $ 438 $ 688 $ 664 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
189
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 438 $ 688 $ 664 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 1,133  1,033  940 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 228 109 259 
Other non-cash operating activities 202 265 242 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
     Accounts receivable (10) (34) (136)
     Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (1) (12) 26 
     Inventories (13) (16) 1 
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses 63 (51) 70 
     Counterparty received (posted), net 14 48 11 
     Income taxes 8 95 62 
     Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (148) (77) (42)
     Other assets and liabilities (590) (345) (348)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,324  1,703  1,749  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (2,217 ) (1,915 ) (2,126 )
Other investing activities 2 29 29 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (2,215 ) (1,886 ) (2,097 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 193 130 — 
Issuance of long-term debt 1,000  700 1,350  
Retirement of long-term debt (500) (300) (840)
Dividends paid on common stock (499) (508) (459)
Contributions from parent 712 250 500 
Other financing activities (13) (16) (17)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 893 256 534 
Increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 2 73 186 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 403 330 144 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 405 $ 403 $ 330 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 109 $ (37)$ 11 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
190
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 83 $ 90 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 279 150 
Accounts receivable
       Customer accounts receivable 656 604
       Customer allowance for credit losses (97) (59)
          Customer accounts receivable, net 559 545 
       Other accounts receivable 239 306
       Other allowance for credit losses (21) (20)
          Other accounts receivable, net 218 286 
Receivables from af filiates 22 28 
Inventories, net 170 159 
Regulatory assets 279 281 
Other 49 44 
Total current assets 1,659  1,583  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization o f
$5,672  and $5,168  as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively) 24,557  23,107  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 1,749  1,480  
Investments 6 6 
Goodwill 2,625  2,625  
Receivables from af filiates 2,541  2,622  
Prepaid pension asset 1,022  995 
Other 307 347 
Total deferred debits and other assets 8,250  8,075  
Total assets $ 34,466  $ 32,765  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
191
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
 
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 323 $ 130 
Long-term debt due within one year 350 500 
Accounts payable 683 527 
Accrued expenses 390 385 
Payables to af filiates 96 103 
Customer deposits 86 118 
Regulatory liabilities 289 200 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 33 32 
Other 143 122 
Total current liabilities 2,393  2,117  
Long-term debt 8,633  7,991  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 205 205 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 4,341  4,021  
Asset retirement obligations 126 128 
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 173 180 
Regulatory liabilities 6,403  6,542  
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities 268 269 
Other 595 635 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 11,906  11,775  
Total liabilities 23,137  22,088  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Commo n stock ($ 12.50  par value, 250 shares authorized, 127 shares outstanding at
December 31, 2020 and 2019) 1,588  1,588  
Other paid-in capital 8,285  7,572  
Retained deficit unappropriated (1,639 ) (1,639 )
Retained earnings appropriated 3,095  3,156  
Total shareholders’  equity 11,329  10,677  
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 34,466  $ 32,765  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
192
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity
(In millions)Common
StockOther
Paid-In
CapitalRetained Deficit
UnappropriatedRetained
Earnings
AppropriatedTotal
Shareholders’
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,588  $ 6,822  $ (1,639 )$ 2,771  $ 9,542  
Net income — — 664 — 664 
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (664) 664 — 
Common stock dividends — — — (459) (459)
Contributions from parent — 500 — — 500 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,588  $ 7,322  $ (1,639 )$ 2,976  $ 10,247  
Net income — — 688 — 688 
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (688) 688 — 
Common stock dividends — — — (508) (508)
Contributions from parent — 250 — — 250 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,588  $ 7,572  $ (1,639 )$ 3,156  $ 10,677  
Net income — — 438 — 438 
Appropriation of retained earnings for future
dividends — — (438) 438 — 
Common stock dividends — — — (499) (499)
Contributions from parent — 713 — — 713 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,588  $ 8,285  $ (1,639 )$ 3,095  $ 11,329  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
193
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,519  $ 2,505  $ 2,469  
Natural gas operating revenues 514 610 568 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 16 (21) (7)
Operating revenues from af filiates 9 6 8 
Total operating revenues 3,058  3,100  3,038  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 645 610 734 
Purchased fuel 185 262 230 
Purchased power from af filiates 188 157 126 
Operating and maintenance 816 707 742 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 159 154 156 
Depreciation and amortization 347 333 301 
Taxes other than income taxes 172 165 163 
Total operating expenses 2,512  2,388  2,452  
Gain on sales of assets — 1 1 
Operating income 546 713 587 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (136) (124) (115)
Interest expense to af filiates, net (11) (12) (14)
Other , net 18 16 8 
Total other income and (deductions) (129) (120) (121)
Income before income taxes 417 593 466 
Income taxes (30) 65 6 
Net income $ 447 $ 528 $ 460 
Comprehensive income $ 447 $ 528 $ 460 
    
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
194
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 447 $ 528 $ 460 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 347 333 301 
Gain on sale of assets — (1) — 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax
credits (23) 20 (5)
Other non-cash operating activities 24 38 51 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (88) (29) (74)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (6) (5) 7 
Inventories (1) 4 (14)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 63 (11) (3)
Income taxes 31 (34) 15 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (18) (28) (28)
Other assets and liabilities 1 (64) 29 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 777 751 739 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,147 ) (939) (849)
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 68 (68) — 
Other investing activities 7 (1) 9 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,072 ) (1,008 ) (840)
Cash flows from financing activities
Issuance of long-term debt 350 325 700 
Retirement of long-term debt — — (500)
Dividends paid on common stock (340) (358) (306)
Contributions from parent 248 188 89 
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool 40 — — 
Other financing activities (4) (6) (22)
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 294 149 (39)
Decrease in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (1) (108) (140)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 27 135 275 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 26 $ 27 $ 135 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 55 $ 40 $ (12)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
195
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 19 $ 21 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 7 6 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 511 412
Customer allowance for credit losses (116) (55)
Customer accounts receivable, net 395 357 
Other accounts receivable 130 145
Other allowance for credit losses (8) (7)
Other accounts receivable, net 122 138 
Receivables from af filiates 2 1 
Receivable from Exelon intercompany money pool — 68 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 33 36 
Materials and supplies 38 35 
Regulatory assets 25 41 
Other 21 19 
Total current assets 662 722 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,843  and $ 3,718  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 10,181  9,292  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 776 554 
Investments 30 27 
Receivables from af filiates 475 480 
Prepaid pension asset 375 365 
Other 32 29 
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,688  1,455  
Total assets $ 12,531  $ 11,469  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
196
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year $ 300 $ — 
Accounts payable 479 387 
Accrued expenses 129 101 
Payables to af filiates 50 55 
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 40 — 
Customer deposits 59 69 
Regulatory liabilities 121 91 
Other 30 19 
Total current liabilities 1,208  722 
Long-term debt 3,453  3,405  
Long-term debt to financing trusts 184 184 
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,242  2,080  
Asset retirement obligations 29 28 
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 286 288 
Regulatory liabilities 503 510 
Other 93 74 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 3,153  2,980  
Total liabilities 7,998  7,291  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ( No par value, 500 shares authorized, 170 shares outstanding at
December 31, 2020 and 2019) 3,014  2,766  
Retained earnings 1,519  1,412  
Total shareholder's equity 4,533  4,178  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 12,531  $ 11,469  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
197
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsAccumulated
Other
Comprehensive
IncomeTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 2,489  $ 1,087  $ 1 $ 3,577  
Net income — 460 — 460 
Common stock dividends — (306) — (306)
Contributions from parent 89 — — 89 
Impact of adoption of Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities
standard — 1 (1) — 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 2,578  $ 1,242  $ — $ 3,820  
Net income — 528 — 528 
Common stock dividends — (358) — (358)
Contributions from parent 188 — — 188 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 2,766  $ 1,412  $ — $ 4,178  
Net income — 447 — 447 
Common stock dividends — (340) — (340)
Contributions from parent 248 — — 248 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 3,014  $ 1,519  $ — $ 4,533  
 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
198
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,323  $ 2,368  $ 2,428  
Natural gas operating revenues 739 700 738 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 16 12 (26)
Operating revenues from af filiates 20 26 29 
Total operating revenues 3,098  3,106  3,169  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 509 585 671 
Purchased fuel 171 181 254 
Purchased power and fuel from af filiates 311 286 257 
Operating and maintenance 617 600 615 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 172 160 162 
Depreciation and amortization 550 502 483 
Taxes other than income taxes 268 260 254 
Total operating expenses 2,598  2,574  2,696  
Gain on sales of assets — — 1 
Operating income 500 532 474 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (133) (121) (106)
Other , net 23 28 19 
Total other income and (deductions) (110) (93) (87)
Income before income taxes 390 439 387 
Income taxes 41 79 74 
Net income $ 349 $ 360 $ 313 
Comprehensive income $ 349 $ 360 $ 313 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
199
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 349 $ 360 $ 313 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 550 502 483 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 37 130 76 
Other non-cash operating activities 97 85 58 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (165) 25 8 
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (8) 1 12 
Inventories 10 (1) 2 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 102 (43) (1)
Collateral (posted) received, net — (4) 4 
Income taxes 60 (67) (20)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (78) (48) (54)
Other assets and liabilities (70) (192) (92)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 884 748 789 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,247 ) (1,145 ) (959)
Other investing activities 2 8 9 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,245 ) (1,137 ) (950)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (76) 40 (42)
Issuance of long-term debt 400 400 300 
Dividends paid on common stock (246) (224) (209)
Contributions from parent 411 193 109 
Other financing activities (8) (8) (2)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 481 401 156 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 120 12 (5)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 25 13 18 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 145 $ 25 $ 13 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 53 $ 6 $ 50 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
200
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 144 $ 24 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 1 1 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 487 329
Customer allowance for credit losses (35) (12)
Customer accounts receivable, net 452 317 
Other accounts receivable 117 152
Other allowance for credit losses (9) (5)
Other accounts receivable, net 108 147 
Receivables from af filiates 3 1 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 25 30 
Materials and supplies 41 46 
Prepaid utility taxes — 78 
Regulatory assets 168 183 
Other 6 6 
Total current assets 948 833 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$4,034  and $ 3,834  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 9,872  8,990  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 481 454 
Investments 10 7 
Prepaid pension asset 270 264 
Other 69 86 
Total deferred debits and other assets 830 811 
Total assets $ 11,650  $ 10,634  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
201
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ — $ 76 
Long-term debt due within one year 300 — 
Accounts payable 346 243 
Accrued expenses 205 152 
Payables to af filiates 61 66 
Customer deposits 110 120 
Regulatory liabilities 30 33 
Other 91 63 
Total current liabilities 1,143  753 
Long-term debt 3,364  3,270  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,521  1,396  
Asset retirement obligations 23 22 
Non-pension postretirement benefits obligations 189 199 
Regulatory liabilities 1,109  1,195  
Other 104 116 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,946  2,928  
Total liabilities 7,453  6,951  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ( No par value, 0 shares  authorized, 0 shares  outstanding at
December 31, 2020 and 2019) 2,318  1,907  
Retained earnings 1,879  1,776  
Total shareholder's equity 4,197  3,683  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 11,650  $ 10,634  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,500 authorized and 1,000 outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019.(a) (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
202
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions)Common
StockRetained
EarningsTotal
Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,605  $ 1,536  $ 3,141  
Net income — 313 313 
Common stock dividends — (209) (209)
Contributions from parent 109 — 109 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,714  $ 1,640  $ 3,354  
Net income — 360 360 
Common stock dividends — (224) (224)
Contributions from parent 193 — 193 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,907  $ 1,776  $ 3,683  
Net income — 349 349 
Common stock dividends — (246) (246)
Contributions from parent 411 — 411 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 2,318  $ 1,879  $ 4,197  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
203
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 4,463  $ 4,639  $ 4,609  
Natural gas operating revenues 162 167 181 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 21 (14) (7)
Operating revenues from af filiates 17 14 15 
Total operating revenues 4,663  4,806  4,798  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 1,279  1,371  1,387  
Purchased fuel 69 75 89 
Purchased power from af filiates 366 352 355 
Operating and maintenance 940 939 978 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 159 143 152 
Depreciation and amortization 782 754 740 
Taxes other than income taxes 450 450 455 
Total operating expenses 4,045  4,084  4,156  
Gain on sales of assets 11 — 1 
Operating income 629 722 643 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (268) (263) (261)
Other , net 57 55 43 
Total other income and (deductions) (211) (208) (218)
Income before income taxes 418 514 425 
Income taxes (77) 38 33 
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate — 1 1 
Net income $ 495 $ 477 $ 393 
Comprehensive income $ 495 $ 477 $ 393 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
204
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 495 $ 477 $ 393 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 782 754 740 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (97) (7) 30 
Other non-cash operating activities 103 161 150 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (159) (39) (2)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 3 3 8 
Inventories (6) (27) (14)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 49 (17) 45 
Income taxes (25) 16 34 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (39) (25) (74)
Other assets and liabilities (104) (179) (178)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,002  1,117  1,132  
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (1,604 ) (1,355 ) (1,375 )
Other investing activities 7 (3) 4 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,597 ) (1,358 ) (1,371 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings 160 154 (296)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — — 125 
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — (125) — 
Issuance of long-term debt 602 485 750 
Retirement of long-term debt (128) (157) (299)
Change in Exelon intercompany money pool 9 12 — 
Distributions to member (553) (526) (326)
Contributions from member 494 398 385 
Other financing activities (10) (5) (9)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 574 236 330 
(Decrease) increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents (21) (5) 91 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 181 186 95 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 160 $ 181 $ 186 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 54 $ 2 $ 93 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
205
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 111 $ 131 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 39 36 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 611 516
Customer allowance for credit losses (86) (37)
Customer accounts receivable, net 525 479 
Other accounts receivable 260 190
Other allowance for credit losses (33) (16)
Other accounts receivable, net 227 174 
Receivable from af filiates 8 1 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 6 8 
Materials and supplies 198 190 
Regulatory assets 440 412 
Other 45 49 
Total current assets 1,599  1,480  
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,811  and $ 1,213  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 15,377  14,296  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 1,933  2,061  
Investments 140 135 
Goodwill 4,005  4,005  
Prepaid pension asset 365 406 
Deferred income taxes 10 13 
Other 307 323 
Total deferred debits and other assets 6,760  6,943  
Total assets $ 23,736  $ 22,719  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
206
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 368 $ 208 
Long-term debt due within one year 347 103 
Accounts payable 539 462 
Accrued expenses 299 296 
Payables to af filiates 104 98 
Borrowings from Exelon intercompany money pool 21 12 
Customer deposits 106 117 
Regulatory liabilities 137 70 
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 92 115 
Other 141 131 
Total current liabilities 2,154  1,612  
Long-term debt 6,659  6,460  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 2,439  2,278  
Asset retirement obligations 59 57 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 86 93 
Regulatory liabilities 1,438  1,707  
Unamortized energy contract liabilities 235 327 
Other 622 577 
  Total deferred credits and other liabilities 4,879  5,039  
Total liabilities 13,692  13,111  
Commitments and contingencies
Member's equity
Membership interest 10,112  9,618  
Undistributed (losses) gains (68) (10)
Total member's equity 10,044  9,608  
Total liabilities and member's equity $ 23,736  $ 22,719  
_____________
(a)PHI’s consolidated total assets include $18 million and $20 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. PHI’s consolidated total liabilities include $26 million and $44 million at December 31, 2020
and 2019, respectively, of PHI's consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to PHI. See Note 23 - Variable Interest
Entities for additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
207
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(In millions)Membership
InterestUndistributed
(Losses)/GainsTotal
Member's Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 8,835  $ (28)$ 8,807  
Net income — 393 393 
Distribution to member — (326) (326)
Contributions from member 385 — 385 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 9,220  $ 39 $ 9,259  
Net Income — 477 477 
Distribution to member — (526) (526)
Contributions from member 398 — 398 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 9,618  $ (10)$ 9,608  
Net income — 495 495 
Distribution to member — (553) (553)
Contributions from member 494 — 494 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 10,112  $ (68)$ 10,044  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
208
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 2,102  $ 2,258  $ 2,233  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs 40 (3) (7)
Operating revenues from af filiates 7 5 6 
Total operating revenues 2,149  2,260  2,232  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 324 401 448 
Purchased power from af filiate 278 264 206 
Operating and maintenance 248 273 275 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 205 209 226 
Depreciation and amortization 377 374 385 
Taxes other than income taxes 367 378 379 
Total operating expenses 1,799  1,899  1,919  
Gain on sales of assets 9 — — 
Operating income 359 361 313 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (138) (133) (128)
Other , net 38 31 31 
Total other income and (deductions) (100) (102) (97)
Income before income taxes 259 259 216 
Income taxes (7) 16 11 
Net income $ 266 $ 243 $ 205 
Comprehensive income $ 266 $ 243 $ 205 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
209
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 266 $ 243 $ 205 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 377 374 385 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (46) 1 (20)
Other non-cash operating activities (23) 56 67 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (67) (22) (5)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net (12) 5 (17)
Inventories 1 (19) (6)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 41 (39) 59 
Income taxes (1) 9 (13)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (11) (14) (17)
Other assets and liabilities (24) (82) (164)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 501 512 474 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (773) (626) (656)
Other investing activities — 3 2 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (773) (623) (654)
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (47) 42 14 
Issuance of long-term debt 300 260 200 
Retirement of long-term debt (3) (125) (14)
Dividends paid on common stock (232) (213) (169)
Contributions from parent 262 160 166 
Other financing activities (6) (3) (4)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 274 121 193 
Increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 2 10 13 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 63 53 40 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 65 $ 63 $ 53 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase in capital expenditures not paid $ 1 $ 39 $ 20 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
210
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 30 $ 30 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 35 33 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 279 244
Customer allowance for credit losses (32) (13)
Customer accounts receivable, net 247 231 
Other accounts receivable 131 98
Other allowance for credit losses (13) (7)
Other accounts receivable, net 118 91 
Receivables from af filiates 2 — 
Inventories, net 111 112 
Regulatory assets 214 188 
Other 13 11 
Total current assets 770 696 
Property , plant, and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$3,697  and $ 3,517  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 7,456  6,909  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 570 584 
Investments 115 110 
Prepaid pension asset 284 296 
Other 69 66 
Total deferred debits and other assets 1,038  1,056  
Total assets $ 9,264  $ 8,661  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
211
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 35 $ 82 
Long-term debt due within one year 3 2 
Accounts payable 226 195 
Accrued expenses 164 156 
Payables to af filiates 55 66 
Customer deposits 51 57 
Regulatory liabilities 46 8 
Merger related obligation 33 39 
Current portion of DC PLUG obligation 30 30 
Other 31 22 
Total current liabilities 674 657 
Long-term debt 3,162  2,862  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 1,189  1,131  
Asset retirement obligations 39 41 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 13 20 
Regulatory liabilities 644 746 
Other 340 297 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 2,225  2,235  
Total liabilities 6,061  5,754  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 0.01 par value, 200 shares authorized, 0 shares  outstanding at
December 31, 2020 and 2019) 2,058  1,796  
Retained earnings 1,145  1,111  
Total shareholder's equity 3,203  2,907  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 9,264  $ 8,661  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 100 outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
212
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 1,470  $ 1,045  $ 2,515  
Net income — 205 205 
Common stock dividends — (169) (169)
Contributions from parent 166 — 166 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 1,636  $ 1,081  $ 2,717  
Net income — 243 243 
Common stock dividends — (213) (213)
Contributions from parent 160 — 160 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,796  $ 1,111  $ 2,907  
Net income — 266 266 
Common stock dividends — (232) (232)
Contributions from parent 262 — 262 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 2,058  $ 1,145  $ 3,203  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
213
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 1,107  $ 1,143  $ 1,139  
Natural gas operating revenues 162 167 181 
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (7) (11) 4 
Operating revenues from af filiates 9 7 8 
Total operating revenues 1,271  1,306  1,332  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 359 381 352 
Purchased fuel 69 75 89 
Purchased power from af filiates 75 70 120 
Operating and maintenance 208 171 182 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 153 152 162 
Depreciation and amortization 191 184 182 
Taxes other than income taxes 65 56 56 
Total operating expenses 1,120  1,089  1,143  
Gain on sales of assets — — 1 
Operating income 151 217 190 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (61) (61) (58)
Other , net 10 13 10 
Total other income and (deductions) (51) (48) (48)
Income before income taxes 100 169 142 
Income taxes (25) 22 22 
Net income $ 125 $ 147 $ 120 
Comprehensive income $ 125 $ 147 $ 120 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
214
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 g 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 125 $ 147 $ 120 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization 191 184 182 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (13) (7) 24 
Other non-cash operating activities 51 27 24 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (34) (5) 8 
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 8 (5) (9)
Inventories (5) (6) (3)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 4 3 11 
Income taxes (25) 12 2 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions — (1) — 
Other assets and liabilities (30) (55) (7)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 272 294 352 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (424) (348) (364)
Other investing activities (3) 1 2 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (427) (347) (362)
Cash flows from financing activities
Change in short-term borrowings 90 56 (216)
Issuance of long-term debt 178 75 200 
Retirement of long-term debt (80) (12) (4)
Dividends paid on common stock (141) (139) (96)
Contributions from parent 112 63 150 
Other financing activities (2) (1) (2)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 157 42 32 
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 2 (11) 22 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 13 24 2 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 15 $ 13 $ 24 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 20 $ (4)$ 22 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
215
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 15 $ 13 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 176 152
Customer allowance for credit losses (22) (11)
Customer accounts receivable, net 154 141 
Other accounts receivable 68 42
Other allowance for credit losses (9) (4)
Other accounts receivable, net 59 38 
Receivables from af filiates 1 — 
Inventories, net
Fossil fuel 6 8 
Materials and supplies 51 44 
Prepaid utility taxes 11 18 
Regulatory assets 58 52 
Renewable energy credits 10 9 
Other 3 2 
Total current assets 368 325 
Property , plant, and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,533  and $ 1,425  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 4,314  4,035  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 222 222 
Goodwill 8 8 
Prepaid pension asset 162 171 
Other 66 69 
Total deferred debits and other assets 458 470 
Total assets $ 5,140  $ 4,830  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
216
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 146 $ 56 
Long-term debt due within one year 82 80 
Accounts payable 126 112 
Accrued expenses 46 46 
Payables to af filiates 36 32 
Customer deposits 32 36 
Regulatory liabilities 47 37 
Other 20 15 
Total current liabilities 535 414 
Long-term debt 1,595  1,487  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 715 655 
Asset retirement obligations 14 12 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 15 16 
Regulatory liabilities 493 574 
Other 97 92 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 1,334  1,349  
Total liabilities 3,464  3,250  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($2.25 par value, 0 shares  authorized , 0 shares  outstanding  at
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 1,089  977 
Retained earnings 587 603 
Total shareholder's equity 1,676  1,580  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 5,140  $ 4,830  
_____________
(a)In millions, shares round to zero. Number of shares is 1,000 authorized and 1,000 outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019.(a) (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
217
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 764 $ 571 $ 1,335  
Net income — 120 120 
Common stock dividends — (96) (96)
Contributions from parent 150 — 150 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 914 $ 595 $ 1,509  
Net income — 147 147 
Common stock dividends — (139) (139)
Contributions from parent 63 — 63 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 977 $ 603 $ 1,580  
Net income — 125 125 
Common stock dividends — (141) (141)
Contributions from parent 112 — 112 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,089  $ 587 $ 1,676  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
218
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues
Electric operating revenues $ 1,253  $ 1,237  $ 1,237  
Revenues from alternative revenue programs (12) — (4)
Operating revenues from af filiates 4 3 3 
Total operating revenues 1,245  1,240  1,236  
Operating expenses
Purchased power 596 589 587 
Purchased power from af filiate 13 19 29 
Operating and maintenance 192 187 188 
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 134 133 142 
Depreciation and amortization 180 157 136 
Taxes other than income taxes 8 4 5 
Total operating expenses 1,123  1,089  1,087  
Gain on sale of assets 2 — — 
Operating income 124 151 149 
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (59) (58) (64)
Other , net 6 6 2 
Total other income and (deductions) (53) (52) (62)
Income before income taxes 71 99 87 
Income taxes (41) — 12 
Net income $ 112 $ 99 $ 75 
Comprehensive income $ 112 $ 99 $ 75 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
219
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income $ 112 $ 99 $ 75 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 180 157 136 
Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits (37) 3 25 
Other non-cash operating activities 36 22 24 
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable (55) (13) (8)
Receivables from and payables to af filiates, net 6 (6) 1 
Inventories (3) (1) (4)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 5 26 (7)
Income taxes (1) 2 (2)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions (2) (1) (6)
Other assets and liabilities (42) (27) (6)
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 199 261 228 
Cash flows from investing activities
Capital expenditures (401) (375) (335)
Other investing activities 6 (1) 1 
Net cash flows used in investing activities (395) (376) (334)
Cash flows from financing activities
Change in short-term borrowings 117 56 (94)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — — 125 
Repayments of short-term borrowings with maturities greater than 90 days — (125) — 
Issuance of long-term debt 123 150 350 
Retirement of long-term debt (44) (18) (281)
Dividends paid on common stock (114) (124) (59)
Contributions from parent 117 175 67 
Other financing activities (1) (1) (3)
Net cash flows provided by financing activities 198 113 105 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 2 (2) (1)
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 28 30 31 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 30 $ 28 $ 30 
Supplemental cash flow information
Increase (decrease) in capital expenditures not paid $ 33 $ (29)$ 46 
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
220
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 17 $ 12 
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 3 2 
Accounts receivable
Customer accounts receivable 156 121
Customer allowance for credit losses (32) (13)
Customer accounts receivable, net 124 108 
Other accounts receivable 72 53
Other allowance for credit losses (11) (5)
Other accounts receivable, net 61 48 
Receivables from af filiates 6 4 
Inventories, net 37 34 
Regulatory assets 75 57 
Other 3 5 
Total current assets 326 270 
Property , plant, and equipment, (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of
$1,303  and $ 1,210  as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 3,475  3,190  
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 395 368 
Prepaid pension asset 40 52 
Other 50 53 
Total deferred debits and other assets 485 473 
Total assets $ 4,286  $ 3,933  (a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
221
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 187 $ 70 
Long-term debt due within one year 261 20 
Accounts payable 177 144 
Accrued expenses 46 42 
Payables to af filiates 31 25 
Customer deposits 23 25 
Regulatory liabilities 44 25 
Other 11 9 
Total current liabilities 780 360 
Long-term debt 1,152  1,307  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Deferred income taxes and unamortized investment tax credits 624 577 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 17 17 
Regulatory liabilities 274 357 
Other 48 39 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 963 990 
Total liabilities 2,895  2,657  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholder's equity
Common stock ($ 3 par value, 25 shares authorized, 9 shares outstanding at December
31, 2020 and 2019) 1,271  1,154  
Retained earnings 120 122 
Total shareholder's equity 1,391  1,276  
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity $ 4,286  $ 3,933  
_____________
(a)ACE’s consolidated assets include $13 million and $17 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE that
can only be used to settle the liabilities of the VIE. ACE’s consolidated liabilities include $21 million and $41 million at December 31, 2020 and
2019, respectively, of ACE’s consolidated VIE for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to ACE. See Note 23 - Variable Interest Entities
for additional information.(a)
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
222
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity
(In millions) Common Stock Retained EarningsTotal Shareholder's
Equity
Balance, December 31, 2017 $ 912 $ 131 $ 1,043  
Net income — 75 75 
Common stock dividends — (59) (59)
Contributions from parent 67 — 67 
Balance, December 31, 2018 $ 979 $ 147 $ 1,126  
Net income — 99 99 
Common stock dividends — (124) (124)
Contributions from parent 175 — 175 
Balance, December 31, 2019 $ 1,154  $ 122 $ 1,276  
Net income — 112 112 
Common stock dividends — (114) (114)
Contributions from parent 117 — 117 
Balance, December 31, 2020 $ 1,271  $ 120 $ 1,391  
See the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
223
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
1. Significant Accounting Policies (All Registrants)
Description of Business (All Registrants)
Exelon is a utility servic es holding company engaged in the generation, delivery and marketing  of energy through Generation and
the energy distribution and transmission businesses through ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
Name of Registrant   Business   Service Territories
Exelon Generation
Company, LLCGeneration, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple
geographical regions through its customer-facing business,
Constellation, which sells electricity to both wholesale and retail
customers. Generation also sells natural gas, renewable energy, and
other energy-related products and services.Five reportable segments: Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New York,
ERCOT, and Other Power Regions
Commonwealth Edison
CompanyPurchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Northern Illinois, including the City of Chicago
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
PECO Energy Company Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Southeastern Pennsylvania, including the City of
Philadelphia (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customersPennsylvania counties surrounding the City of Philadelphia
(natural gas)
Baltimore Gas and Electric
CompanyPurchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Central Maryland, including the City of Baltimore (electricity
and natural gas)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customers
Pepco Holdings LLC Utility services holding company engaged, through its reportable
segments Pepco, DPL, and ACEService Territories of Pepco, DPL, and ACE
Potomac Electric 
Power Company  Purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity   District of Columbia, and major portions of Montgomery and
Prince George’s Counties, Maryland.
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Delmarva Power &  Light
CompanyPurchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity)
Transmission and distribution of electricity and distribution of natural gas
to retail customersPortions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural gas)
Atlantic City Electric
CompanyPurchase and regulated retail sale of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey
Transmission and distribution of electricity to retail customers
Basis of Presentation (All Registrants)
This is a combined annual report of all Registrants. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements apply to the Registrants as
indicated parenthetically next to each corresponding disclosure. When appropriate, the Registrants are named specifically for their
related activities and disclosures. Each of the Registrant’ s Consolidated Financial Statements includes the accounts of its
subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
Through its business services subsidiary , BSC, Exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including
legal, human resources, financial, information technology , and supply management services. PHI also has a business services
subsidiary , PHISCO, which provides a variety  of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer
operations, distribution and transmission plannin g, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to PHI operating
companies. The costs of BSC and PHISCO are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. The results of Exelon’ s
corporate operations are presented as “Other” within the consolidated financial statements and include intercompany eliminations
unless otherwise disclosed.
Exelon owns 100% of Generation, PECO , BGE, and PHI and more than 99% of ComEd. PHI owns 100% of Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
Generation owns 100% of its significant consolidated subsidiaries, either directly or
224
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
indirectly , except for certain consolidated VIEs, including CENG and EGRP , of which Generation  holds a 50.01 % and 51% interest,
respectively . The remaining interests in these  consolidated VIEs are included in noncontrolling interests on Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities for additional information of Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s consolidated VIEs.
The Registra nts consolid ate the accounts of entities in which a Registrant has a controlling financial interest, after the elimination of
intercompany transactions. Where the Registrants do not have a controlling financial interest in an entity , proportionate
consolidation, equity method accounting, or accounting for investments in equity securities with or without readily determinable fair
value is applied. The Registrants apply proportionate consolidation when they have an undivided interest in an asset and are
proportionately liable for their share of each liability associated with the asset. The Registrants proportionately consolidate their
undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and transmission facilities. Under proportionate consolidation, the
Registrants separately record their proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses related to the undivided
interest in the asset. The Registrants apply equity method accounting when they have significan t influence over an investee through
an ownership in common stock, which generally approximates a 20% to 50% voting interest. The Registrants apply equity method
accounting to certain investments and joint ventures. Under equity method accounting, the Registrants report their interest in the
entity as an investment and the Registrants’  percentage share of the earnings from the entity as single line items in their financial
statements. The Registrants use accounting for investments in equity securities with or without readily determinable fair values if
they lack significant influence, which generally results when they hold less than 20% of the common stock of an entity . Under
accounting for investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair values, the Registrants report their investment values
based on quoted prices in active markets and realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in earnings. Under accounting
for investme nts in equity securities without readi ly determinable fair values, the Registrants report their investments at cost adjusted
for changes from observ able transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issue r, less impairment, and changes in
measurement are reported in earnings.
The accompanying consolidated financial statem ents have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for annual financial statements
and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-K and Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC.
COVID-19 (All Registrants)
The Registrants have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbre ak (pandemic) of the 2019 novel
coronavirus (COVID-19). The Registrants provide a critical service to their customers and have taken measures to keep employees
who operate the busines s safe and minimize unnecessary risk of exposure to the virus, includi ng extra precautions for employees
who work in the field. The Registrants have implemented work from home policies where appropriate and imposed travel limitations
on employees. In addition, the Registrants have updated their existing business continuity plans.
Management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and accompanying notes, and the amounts of revenues
and expenses reported during the periods cover ed by those financial statements and accompanying notes. Management assessed
certain accounting matters that require consideration of forecasted financial information, including, but not limited to, the Registrants'
allowance for credit losses and the carrying value of goodwill and other long-lived assets, in context with the information reasonably
available to the Registrants and the unknown future impacts of COVID-19 as of December 31, 2020 and through the date of this
report. The Registrants' future assessment of their current expectations of the magnitude and duration of COVID-19, as well as other
factors, could result in material impacts to their consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.
Use of Estimates (All Registrants)
The prepara tion of financial statements of each of the Registrants in conformity with GAAP  requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanyin g notes. Areas in which significant
estimates have been made include, but are not limited to, the accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs and other AROs,
pension and OPEB, inventory reserves, allow ance for credit losses, goodwill and asset impairment assessments, derivative
instruments, unamortized
225
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
energy contracts, fixed asset depreciation, environmental costs and other loss contingencies, taxes, and unbilled energy revenues.
Actual results could dif fer from those estimates.
Accounting for the Effects of Regulation (Exelon and the Utility Registrants)
For their regulated electric and gas operations, Exelon and the Utility Registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in
their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: 1) rates are
established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’  cost of providing services or
products; and (3) there is a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from
customers. Exelon and the Utility Registrants account for their regulated operations in accordance with regulatory and legislative
guidance from the regulatory authorities having jurisdiction, principally the ICC, PAPUC, MDP SC, DCPSC, DPSC, and NJBPU,
under state public utility  laws and the FERC under various Federal laws. Regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized and the
related expe nse or revenue is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the recovery or refund
included in customer rates. Exelon's regulatory assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date are probable of being recovered or
settled in future rates. If a separable portion of the Registrants' business was no longer able to meet the criteria discussed above,
the affected entities would be required to eliminate from their consolidated financial statements the effects of regulation for that
portion, which could have a material impact on their financial statements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional
information.
With the exception of income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities, Exelon and the Utility Registrants classify regulatory assets
and liabilities with a recovery or settlement period greater than one year as both current and non-current in their Consolidated
Balance Sheets, with the current portion represe nting the amount expected to be recovered from or refunded to customers over the
next twelve- month period as of the balance sheet date.  Income tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities are classified entirely as
non-current in Exelon's and the Utility Registr ants’ Consolidated Balance Sheets to align with the classification of the related
deferred income tax balances.
Exelon and the Utility Registrants treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the
issuance of the financial statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and
distinct event that has future impacts on the parties af fected by the order .
Revenues (All Registrants)
Operating Revenues. The Registrants’  operating revenues generally consist of revenues from contracts with customers involving
the sale and delivery of energy commodities and related products and services, utility revenues from ARP, and realized and
unrealized revenues recognized under mark-to-market energy commodity derivative contracts. The Registrants recognize revenue
from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that the entities expect to be
entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue include competitive sales of power ,
natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary sources of revenue include regulated
electric and natural gas tariff sales, distribution,  and transmission services. At the end of each month, the Registrants accrue an
estimate for the unbilled amount of energy delivered or services provided to customers.
ComEd records ARP revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency , and transmission revenue impacts
resulting from future changes in rates that Com Ed believes are probable of approval by the ICC and FERC in accordance with its
formula rate mechanisms. BGE, Pepco, and DPL record ARP revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas
distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable  of approval by the MDPSC and/or
DCPSC in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE record ARP revenue for their
best estimat e of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval
by FERC in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
Option Contracts, Swaps, and Commodity Derivatives. Certain optio n contracts and swap arrangements  that meet the definition
of derivative instruments are recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recog nized as revenue or expense. The
classification of revenue or expense is based on the intent of the transaction. To the extent a Utility Registrant receives full cost
recovery for energy procurement and related costs from retail customers, it records the fair value of its energy swap contracts with
unaffiliated suppliers as well as
226
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
an offsetting regulatory asset or liability in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 16 —
Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information.
Taxes Directly Imposed on Revenue-Producing Transactions. The Registrants collect certain taxes from customers such as
sales and gross receipts taxes, along with other taxes, surcharges, and fees, that are levied by state or local governments on the
sale or distribution of electricity and gas. Some  of these taxes are imposed on the customer , but paid by the Registrants, while
others are imposed on the Registrants. Where these taxes are imposed on the customer , such as sales taxes, they are reported on
a net basis with no impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. However , where these taxes
are imposed  on the Registrants, such as gross receipts taxes or other surcharges or fees, they are reported on a gross basis.
Accordingly , revenues are recognized for the taxes collected from customers along with an offsetting expense. See Note 24 —
Supplemental Financial Information for Generation’ s and the Utility Registrants' utility taxes that are presented on a gross basis.
Leases (All Registrants)
The Registrants adopted new accounting guida nce issued by the FASB related to leases as of January 1, 2019. The Registrants
recognize a ROU asset and lease liability for operating and finance leases with a term of greater than one year. Operating lease
ROU assets are include d in Other deferred debits and other assets and operating lease liabilities are included in Other current
liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet s. Finance lease ROU assets are
included in Plant, proper ty, and equipment, net and finance lease liabilities are included in Long -term debt due within one year and
Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ROU asset is measured as the sum of (1) the present value of all
remaining fixed and in-substance fixed payments using each Registrant’ s incremental borrowing rate, (2) any lease payments made
at or before the commen cement date (less any lease incentives received), and (3) any initial direct costs incurred. The lease liability
is measured the same as the ROU asset, but excludes any payments made before the commencement date and initial direct costs
incurred. Lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain they will be exercised. The
Registrants include non-lease components for most asset classes, which are service-related costs that are not integral to the use of
the asset, in the measurement of the ROU asset and lease liability .
Expense for operating leases and leases with a term of one year or less is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease, unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the derivation of benefit from use of the leased
property . Variable lease payments are recogniz ed in the period in which the related obligation is incurred and consist primarily of
payments for purchases of electricity under contracted generation and are based on the electr icity produced by those generating
assets. Operating lease expense and variable lease payments are recorded to Purchased power and fuel expense for contracted
generation or Operating and maintenance expen se for all other lease agreements on the Registrants’  Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income. Expense for finance leases is primarily recorded to Operating and maintenance on the Utility Registrants’
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Income from operating leases, including subleases, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, unless another
systematic and rational basis is more represent ative of the pattern in which income is earned over the term of the lease. Variable
lease payme nts are recognized in the period in which the related obligation is performed and consist primarily of payments received
from sales of electricity  under contracted generation and are based on the electricity produced by those generating assets.
Operating lease income and variable lease payments are recorded to Operating revenues on the Registrants’  Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The Registrants’  operating and finance leases consist primarily of contracted generation, real estate including office buildings, and
vehicles and equipment. The Registrants genera lly account for contracted generation in which the generating asset is not renewable
as a lease if the customer has dispatch rights and obtains substantially all of the economic benefits. For new agreements entered
after January 1, 2019, the Registrants generally do not account for contracted generation in which the generating asset is renewable
as a lease if the customer does not design the generating asset. The Registrants account for land right arrangements that provide
for exclusive use as leases while shared use land arrangements are generally not leases. The Registrants do not account for
secondary use pole attachments as leases.
See Note 11 — Leases for additional information.
227
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Income T axes (All Registrants)
Deferred Federal and state income taxes are recorded on significant temporary differences between the book and tax basis of
assets and liabilities and for tax benefits carried forward. Investment tax credits have been defer red in the Registrants’  Consolidated
Balance Sheets and are recognized in book income over the life of the related property . The Registrants account for uncertain
income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach; a more-likely- than-not recognition criterion; and a
measurement approach  that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax positi on will be sustained on its technical
merits, no benefit is recorded. Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are
considered to have met the recognition threshold . The Registrants recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in
Interest expense, net or Other , net (interest income) and recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in Other , net in
their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
The Registrants consider investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents (All Registrants)
Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent funds that are restricted to satisfy designated current liabilities. As of December 31,
2020 and 2019, the Registrants' restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented the following items:
Registrant Description
ExelonPayment of medical, dental, vision, and long-term disability benefits, in addition to the items listed for Generation and the
Utility Registrants.
Generation Project-specific nonrecourse financing structures for debt service and financing of operations of the underlying entities.
ComEdCollateral held from suppliers associated with energy and REC procurement contracts, any over-recovered RPS costs and
alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA, and costs for the remediation of an MGP site.
PECO Proceeds from the sales of assets that were subject to PECO’s mortgage indenture.
BGEProceeds from the loan program for the completion of certain energy efficiency measures and collateral held from energy
suppliers.
PHIPayment of merger commitments, collateral held from its energy suppliers associated with procurement contracts, and
repayment of Transition Bonds.
Pepco Payment of merger commitments and collateral held from energy suppliers.
DPL Collateral held from energy suppliers.
ACE Repayment of Transition Bonds and collateral held from energy suppliers.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents not available to satisfy current liabilities are classified as noncurrent assets. As of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Registrants ' noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily represented ComEd’ s
over-recovered RPS costs and alternative compliance payments received from RES pursuant to FEJA  and costs for the remediation
of an MGP  site, and ACE’ s repayment of Transition Bonds.
See Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivables (All Registrants)
The allowance for credit  losses reflects the Registrants’  best estimates of losses on the custom ers' accounts receivable balances
based on historical experience, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
The allowance for credit losses for Generation’ s retail customers is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience
coupled with specific identification through a credit monitoring process, which considers current conditions and forward-looking
information such as industry trends, macroeconomic factors, changes in the regulatory environm ent, external credit ratings, publicly
available news, payment status, payment history , and the
228
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
exercise of collateral calls. The allowance for credit losses for Generation wholesale custo mers is developed using a credit
monitoring process, similar to that used for retail  customers. When a wholesale customer ’s risk characteristics are no longer aligned
with the pooled population, Generation uses specific identification to develop an allowance for credit losses. Adjustments to the
allowance for credit losses are recorded in Operating and maintenance expense on Genera tion’s Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The allowan ce for credit losses for the Utility Registrants’  customers is developed by applying loss rates for each Utility Registrant,
based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors, to the outstanding receivable balance by
customer risk segment. Utility Registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements.
Adjustments to the allowance for credit losses are primarily recorded to Operating and maintenance expense on the Utility
Registrants' Consolidate d Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income or Regulatory  assets and liabilities on the Utility
Registrants' Consolidate d Balance Sheets. See Note 3 - Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding the regulatory
recovery of credit losses on customer accounts receivable.
The Registrants have certain non-customer receivables in Other deferred debits and other assets which primarily are with
governmental agencies and other high-quality counterparties with no history of default.  As such, the allowance for credit losses
related to these receiva bles is not material.  The Registrants monitor these balances and will record an allowance if there are
indicators of a decline in credit quality .
Variable Interest Entities (Exelon, Generation, PHI, and ACE)
Exelon accounts for its investments in and arrangements with VIEs based on the following specific requirements:
•requires an entity to qualitatively assess whether it should consolidate a VIE based on whether the entity has a controlling
financial interest,
•requires an ongoing reconsideration of this assessment instead of only upon certain triggering events, and
•requires the entity that consolidates a VIE (the primary beneficiary) to disclose (1) the assets of the consolidated VIE, if they
can be used to only settle specific obligations of the consolidated VIE, and (2) the liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which
creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary .
See Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities for additional information.
Inventories (All Registrants)
Inventory is recorded at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value. Provisions are recorded for excess and obsolete
inventory . Fossil fuel, materials and supplies, and emissions allowances are generally included in inventory when purchased. Fossil
fuel and emissions allowances are expensed to purchased power and fuel expense when used or sold. Materials and supplies
generally includes trans mission, distribution, and generating plant materials and are expensed to operating and maintenance or
capitalized to property , plant, and equipment, as appropriate, when installed or used.
Debt and Equity Security Investments (Exelon and Generation)
Debt Security Investments. Debt securities are reported at fair value and classified as available-for-sale securities. Unrealized
gains and losses, net of tax, are reported in OCI.
Equity Security Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values. Exelon has certain equity securities without readily
determinable fair values. Exelon has elected to use the practicability exception to measure these investments, defined as cost
adjusted for changes from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer , less impairment. Changes
in measurement are reported in earnings.
Equity Security Investments with Readily Determinable Fair Values. Exelon has certain equity securities with readily
determinable fair values. For equity securities held in NDT funds, realized and unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on
Generation’ s NDT funds associated with the Regulatory Agreement Units are included in regulato ry liabilities at Exelon, ComEd, and
PECO, in Noncurrent payables to af filiates at Generation and in
229
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Noncurrent receivables from affiliates at ComEd and PECO. Realized and unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on Generation’ s
NDT funds associated with the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are included in earnings at Exelon and Generation. Exelon's and
Generation's NDT funds are classified as current or noncurrent assets, depending on the timing of the decommissioning activities
and income taxes on trust earnings. For all other equity securities with readily determinable fair values, realized and unrealized gains
and losses are included in earnings at Exelon and Generation.  See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters for additional information regarding
ComEd’ s and PECO’ s regulatory assets and liabilities and Note 18 — Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Note 10 —
Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information.
Property , Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
Property , plant, and equipment is recorded at original cost. Original cost includes construction-related direct labor and material costs.
The Utility Registrants also include indirect construction costs including labor and related costs of departments associated with
supporting construction activities. When appropriate, original cost also includes capitalize d interest for Generation, Exelon
Corporate, and PHI and AFUDC for regulated property at the Utility Registrants. The cost of repairs and maintenance, including
planned major maintenance activities and minor replacements of property , is charged to Operating and maintenance expense as
incurred.
Third parties reimburse the Utility Registrants for all or a portion of expenditures for certain capital projects. Such contributions in aid
of construction costs (CIAC) are recorded as a reduction to Property , plant, and equipment, net. DOE SGIG and other funds
reimbursed to the Utility Registrants have been accounted for as CIAC.
For Generation, upon retirement, the cost of property is generally charged to accumulated depreciation in accordance with the
composite and group methods of depreciation. Upon replacement of an asset, the costs to remove the asset, net of salvage, are
capitalized to gross plant when incurred as part of the cost of the newly-installed asset and recorded to depreciation expense over
the life of the new asset. Removal costs, net of salvage, incurred for property that will not be replaced is charged to Operating and
maintenance expense as incurred.
For the Utility Registran ts, upon retirement, the cost of property , net of salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation consistent
with the composite and group methods of depre ciation. Depreciation expense at ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE includes the
estimated cost of disman tling and removing plant from service upon retirement. Actual incurred removal costs are applied against a
related regulatory liability  or recorded to a regulatory asset if in excess of previously collected removal costs. PECO’ s removal costs
are capitaliz ed to accumulated depreciation when incurred and recorded to depreciation expe nse over the life of the new asset
constructed consistent with PECO’ s regulatory recovery method.
Capitalized Software. Certain costs, such as design, coding, and testing incurred during the application development stage of
software projects that are internally developed or purchased for operational use are capitalized within Property , plant, and
equipment. Similar costs incurred for cloud-based solutions treated as service arrangements are capitalized within Other Current
Assets and Deferred Debits and Other Assets . Such capitalized amounts are amortized ratably over the expected lives of the
projects when they become operational, gener ally not to exceed five years. Certain other capitalized software costs are being
amortized over longer lives based on the expected life or pursuant to prescribed regulatory requirements.
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC. During cons truction, Exelon and Generation capitalize the costs of debt funds used to finance
non-regulated construction projects. Capitalization of debt funds is recorded as a charge to construction work in progress and as a
non-cash credit to interest expense.
AFUDC is the cost, during the period of construction, of debt and equity funds used to finance construction projects for regulated
operations. AFUDC is recorded to construction work in progress and as a non-cash credit to an allowance that is included in interest
expense for debt-related  funds and other income and deductions for equity-related funds. The rates used for capitalizing AFUDC are
computed under a method prescribed by regulatory authorities.
See Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment, Note 9 — Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant and Note 24 — Supplemental Financial
Information for additional information regarding property , plant and equipment.
230
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Nuclear Fuel (Exelon and Generation)
The cost of nuclear fuel is capitalized within Property , plant, and equipment and charged to fuel expense using the unit-of-production
method. Any potential future SNF disposal fees will be expensed through fuel expense. Additi onally , certain on-site SNF storage
costs are being reimbursed by the DOE since a DOE (or government-owned) long-term storage facility has not been completed.  See
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding the cost of SNF storage and disposal.
Nuclear Outage Costs (Exelon and Generation)
Costs associated with nuclear outages, including planned major maintenance activities, are expensed to Operating and maintenance
expense or capitalized to Property , plant, and equipment (based on the nature of the activities) in the period incurred.
Depreciation and Amortization (All Registrants)
Except for the amortizati on of nuclear fuel, depreciation is generally recorded over the estimated  service lives of property , plant, and
equipment on a straight-line basis using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. The group approach is typically for
groups of similar assets that have approximately  the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for dissimilar assets that
have different lives. Under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE's depreciation expense includes the estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from
service upon retirement, which is consistent with each utility's regulatory recovery method. PECO's removal costs are capitalized to
accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent
with PECO's  regulatory recovery method. The estimated service lives for the Registrants are based on a combination of depreciation
studies, historical retirements, site licenses, and management estimates of operating costs and expected future energy market
conditions. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information on the impacts of early plant retirements.
See Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment for additional information regarding depreciation.
Amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded over the recovery or refund period specified in the related legislation or
regulatory order or agreement. When the recove ry or refund period is less than one year, amortization is recorded to the line item in
which the deferred cost or income would have originally been recorded in the Utility Registrants’  Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. Amortiz ation of ComEd’ s electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate regulatory
assets and the Utility Registrants' transmission formula rate regulatory assets is recorded to Operating revenues.
Amortization of income tax related regulatory assets and liabilities is generally recorded to Incom e tax expense. With the exception
of the regul atory assets and liabilities discussed above, when the recovery period is more than one year, the amortization is
generally recorded to Depreciation and amortiza tion in the Registrants’  Consolidated Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for additional information regarding
Generation’ s nuclear fuel and ARC, and the amortization of the Utility Registrants' regulatory assets.
Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Generation estimates and recognizes a liability for its legal obligation to perform asset retireme nt activities even though the timing
and/or methods of settlement may be conditional on future events. Generation generally updates its nuclear decommissioning ARO
annually , unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates, based on its annual evaluation of cost escalation factors and
probabilities assigned to the multiple outcome scenarios within its probability-weighted discoun ted cash flow models. Generation’ s
multiple outcome scenarios are generally based on decommissioning cost studies which are updated, on a rotational basis, for each
of Generatio n’s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. AROs are accreted
throughout each year to reflect the time value of money for these present value obligations through a charge to Operating and
maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for Non-Regulatory Agreement
Units and through a decrease to regulatory liabilities for Regulatory Agreement Units or, in the case of the Utility Registrants'
accretion, through an increase to regulatory assets.  See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information.
231
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
Guarantees (All Registrants)
If necessary , the Registrants recognize a liability at the time of issuance of a guarantee for the fair market value of the obligations
they have undertaken by issuing the guarantee. The liability is reduced or eliminated as the Registrants are released from risk under
the guarantee. Depending on the nature of the guarantee, the release from risk of the Registrant may be recognized only upon the
expiration or settlement of the guarantee or by a systematic and rational amortization method over the term of the guarantee.  See
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.
Asset Impairments
Long-Lived Assets (All Registrants). The Registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets and
asset groups  for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may
not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in
energy price s, condition of the asset, specific regulatory disallowance, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before
the end of its useful life. The Registrants determine if long-lived assets and asset groups are impaired by comparing the
undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value. When the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived
asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying
amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. See Note 12 — Asset Impairments for additional information.
Goodwill (Exelon, ComEd, and PHI). Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair value of the
net assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of a business. Goodwill is not amortized, but is assessed for
impairment at least annually or on an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not
reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. See Note 13 — Intangible Assets for additional information.
Equity Method Investments (Exelon and Generation). Exelon and Generation regularly monitor and evaluate equity method
investments to determine whether they are impaired. An impairment is recorded when the inves tment has experienced a decline in
value that is other-than -temporary in nature. Additionally , if the entity in which Generation holds an investment recognizes an
impairment loss, Exelon  and Generation would record their proportionate share of that impairme nt loss and evaluate the investment
for an other-than-temporary decline in value.
Debt Security Investments (Exelon and Gene ration). Declines in the fair value of debt security investments below the cost basis
are reviewed  to determine if such declines are other-than-temporary . If the decline is determin ed to be other-than-temporary , the
amount of the impairment loss is included in earnings.
Equity Security Investments (Exelon and Generation). Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured
and recorde d at fair value with any changes in fair value recorded through earnings. Investment s in equity securities without readily
determinable fair values are qualitatively assessed for impairment each reporting period. If it is determined that the equity security is
impaired on the basis of the qualitative assessm ent, an impairment loss will be recognized in earnings to the amount by which the
security’ s carrying amount exceeds its fair value.
Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
All derivative s are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value unless they qualify for certain exceptions, including the NPNS.
For derivativ es intended to serve as economic hedges, changes in fair value are recognized  in earnings each period. Amounts
classified in earnings are included in Operatin g revenue, Purchased power and fuel, Interest expense, or Other , net in the
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Comprehensive Income based on the activity the transaction is economically hedging.
While the majority of the derivatives serve as economic hedges, there are also derivatives entered into for proprietary trading
purposes, subject to Exelon’ s Risk Management  Policy , and changes in the fair value of those derivatives are recorded in revenue in
the Consolid ated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. At the Utility Registrants, changes in fair value may be
recorded as a regulatory asset or liability if there is an ability to recover or return the associate d costs. Cash inflows and outflows
related to derivative instruments are included as a component of operating, investing, or financ ing cash flows in the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, depending on the nature of each transaction. On July 1, 2018, Exelon and Generation de-designated its
fair value and cash flow
232
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies
hedges. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information.
As part of Generation’ s energy marketing business, Generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the
requirements of its customers. These contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and
energy-related products  in the energy markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical
commodity . NPNS are contracts where physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course
of business over a reasonable period of time and will not be financially settled. Revenues and expenses on derivative contracts that
qualify , and are designated, as NPNS are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. While these contracts
are considered derivative financial instruments, they are not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather are recorded on an
accrual basis of accounting.  See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information.
Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for essentially all current employees.
The plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under these plans are measured as of December 31. The measurement
involves various factors, assumptions, and accounting elections. The impact of assumption changes or experience different from that
assumed on pension and OPEB obligations is recognized over time rather than immediately recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Gains or losses in excess of the greater of ten percent of the projected
benefit oblig ation or the MRV of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
See Note 15 — Retirement Benefits for additional information.
New Accounting Standards (All Registrants)
New Accou nting Standards Adopted in 2020:  In 2020, the Registrants adopted the followin g new authoritative accounting
guidance issued by the F ASB.
Impairment of Financial Instruments (Issued June 2016).  Provides for a new Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) impairment
model for specified financial instruments including loans, trade receivables, debt securities classified as held-to-maturity
investments, and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor . Under the new guidance, on initial recognition and at each
reporting period, an entity is required to recognize an allowance that reflects its current estim ate of credit losses expected to be
incurred over the life of the financial instrument based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable
forecasts. The standard was effective January 1, 2020 and requires a modified retrospective transition approach through a
cumulative-ef fect adjustm ent to retained earning s as of the beginning of the period of adoption. This standard is primarily applicable
to Generation's and the Utility Registrants' trade accounts receivables balances. The guidance did not have a significant impact on
the Registrants' consolidated financial statements.
Goodwill Impairment (Issued January 2017).  Simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairme nt by removing Step 2 of the current
impairment assessment model, which requires calculation of a hypothetical purchase price allocation. Under the revised guidance,
goodwill impairment will be measured as the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed
the carrying amount of goodwill (currently Step 1 of the two-step impairment assessment). Entities will continue to have the option to
perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment assessment is necessary . The standard was effective
January 1, 2020 and must be applied on a prospective basis. Exelon, ComEd, and PHI adopted the new guidance in 2020. The new
guidance did not impact Exelon's, ComEd's, and PHI's 2020 annual goodwill impairment assessments as they performed a
qualitative assessment.
2. Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions (Exelon and Generation)
CENG Put Option (Exelon and Generation)
Generation owns a 50.01 % mem bership interest in CENG, a joint venture with EDF, which wholly owns the Calvert Cliffs and Ginna
nuclear stations and Nine Mile Point Unit 1, in addition to an 82% undivided ownership
233
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions
interest in Nine Mile Point Unit 2. CENG is 100% consolidated in Exelon's and Generation's financial statements. See Note 23 —
Variable Interest Entities for additional information.
On April 1, 2014, Genera tion and EDF entered into various agreements including a NOSA, an amended LLC Operating Agreement,
an Employee Matters Agreement, and a Put Option Agreement, among others. Under the amended LLC Operating Agreement,
CENG made a $400 million special distributio n to EDF and committed to make preferred distributions to Generation until Generation
has received  aggregate distributions of $400 million plus a return of 8.50% per annum. Under the Put Option Agreement , EDF has
the option to sell its 49.99 % equity interest in CENG to Generation exercisable beginning on January 1, 2016 and therea fter until
June 30, 2022. On November 20, 2019, Genera tion received notice of EDF’ s intention to exercis e the put option to sell its interest in
CENG to Generation, and the put automatically exercised on January 19, 2020 at the end of the sixty-day advance notice period.
Under the terms of the Put Option Agreement, the purchase price is to be determined by agree ment of the parties, or absent such
agreement, by a third-pa rty arbitration process. The third parties determining fair market value of EDF’ s 49.99 % interest are to take
into conside ration all rights and obligations under the LLC Operating Agreement and Employee Matters Agreement including but not
limited to Generation’ s rights with respect to any unpaid aggregate preferred distributions and the related return. As of December 31,
2020, the total unpaid aggregate preferred distributions and related return owed to Generation is $619 million. At this time,
Generation cannot reasonably predict the ultimate purchase price that will be paid to EDF for its interest in CENG. The transaction
will require approval by the NYPSC and the FERC. The FERC approval was obtained on July 30, 2020. The process and regulatory
approvals are expected to close in the second half of 2021.
Agreement for Sale of Generation’ s Solar Business (Exelon and Generation)
On December 8, 2020, Generation entered into an agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield Renewable, for the sale of a significant
portion of Generation’ s solar business, including 360 megawatts of generatio n in operation or under construction across more than
600 sites across the United States. Under the terms of the transaction, the purchase price is $810 million, subject to certain working
capital and other post-closing adjustments. Generation will retain certain solar assets not included in this agreement, primarily
Antelope V alley.
As a result of the transaction, in the fourth quarter of 2020, Exelon and Generation reclassified the solar assets and liabilities on
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets as held for sale. The transaction is expected to result in an estimated pre-
tax gain ranging from $75 million to $125 million. The gain will be recorded in Gain on sales of assets and businesses in Exelon’ s
and Genera tion’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income upon completion of the transaction.
Completion of the transaction contemplated by the sale agreement is subject to the satisfaction of several closing conditions and is
expected to occur in the first half of 2021. See Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information on the SolGen
nonrecourse debt included as part of the transaction.
Disposition of Oyster Creek (Exelon and Generation)
On July 31, 2018, Generation entered into an agreement with Holtec and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary , OCEP , for the sale and
decommissioning of Oyster Creek located in Forked River , New Jersey , which permanently ceased generation operations on
September 17, 2018. Completion of the transac tion contemplated by the sale agreement was subject to the satisfaction of several
closing cond itions, includ ing approval of the license transfer from the NRC and other regulatory approvals, and a private letter ruling
from the IRS, which were satisfied in the second quarter 2019. The sale was completed on July 1, 2019. Exelon and Generation
recognized a loss on the sale in the third quarter of 2019, which was immaterial.
Under the terms of the transaction, Generation transferred to OCEP  substantially all the assets associated with Oyster Creek,
including assets held in NDT funds, along with the assumption of liability for all responsibility for the site, including full
decommissioning and ongoing management of spent fuel until the spent fuel is moved offsite. The terms of the transaction also
include various forms of performance assurance for the obligations of OCEP  to timely complete the required decommissioning,
including a parental guaranty from Holtec for all performance and payment obligations of OCEP , and a requirement for Holtec to
deliver a letter of credit to Generation upon the occurrence of specified events.
234
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions
Upon remea surement of the Oyster Creek ARO, Exelon and Generation recognized an $84 million and a $9 million pre-tax charge to
Operating and maintena nce expense in 2018 and in 2019, respectively . See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional
information.
Disposition of Electrical Contracting Business (Exelon and Generation)
On February 28, 2018, Generation completed the sale of its interest in an electrical contracting business that primarily installs,
maintains, and repairs underground and high-voltage cable transmission and distribution systems for $87 million, resulting in a pre-
tax gain which is include d within Gain on sales of assets and businesses in Exelon's and Gene ration's Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2018.
3.  Regulatory Matters (All Registrants)
The following matters below discuss the status of material regulatory and legislative proceedings of the Registrants.
Utility Regulatory Matters (Exelon, PHI, and the Utility Registrants)
Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
The following tables show the completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2020.
Completed Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
Revenue
Requirement
(Decrease)
IncreaseApproved
ROE Approval DateRate Effective
Date
ComEd - Illinois April 8, 2019 Electric $ (6)$ (17) 8.91 %December 4,
2019January 1,
2020
ComEd - Illinois April 16, 2020 Electric (11) (14) 8.38 %December 9,
2020January 1,
2021
BGE - MarylandMay 15, 2020
(amended
September 11,
2020)Electric 137 81 9.50 %December 16,
2020January 1,
2021 Natural
Gas91 21 9.65 %
DPL - MarylandDecember 5, 2019
(amended April
23, 2020)Electric 17 12 9.60 % July 14, 2020July 16,
2020
DPL - DelawareFebruary 21, 2020
(amended October
9, 2020)Natural
Gas7 2 9.60 %January 6,
2021September
21, 2020
__________
(a)Pursuant to EIMA and FEJA, ComEd’s electric distribution rates are established through a performance-based formula, which sunsets at the end
of 2022. The electric distribution formula rate includes decoupling provisions and, as a result, ComEd's electric distribution formula rate
revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per customer, or number of customers. ComEd is required to file an annual update to its
electric distribution formula rate on or before May 1, with resulting rates effective in January of the following year. ComEd’s annual electric
distribution formula rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year revenue
requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred
from the year (annual reconciliation).
ComEd’s 2020 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $51 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2020 and a
decrease of $68 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2018. The revenue requirement for 2020 and the revenue requirement for 2018
provides for a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate(a)
(a)
(b)
st
235
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
base of 6.51% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.91%, reflecting the monthly average yields for 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis points.
ComEd’s 2021 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $50 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2021 and a
decrease of $64 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2019. The revenue requirement for 2021 and the revenue requirement for 2019
provide for a weighted average debt and equity return on distribution rate base of 6.28% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.38%, reflecting the
monthly average yields for 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated with its
electric distribution formula rate.
(b) Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for 2021 through 2023. The MDPSC awarded BGE electric revenue requirement increases of
$59 million, $39 million, and $42 million in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively, and natural gas revenue requirement increases of $53 million,
$11 million, and $10 million in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. However, the MDPSC utilized certain tax benefits to fully offset the increases
in 2021 so that customer rates will remain unchanged from 2020 to 2021. The MDPSC has deferred a decision on whether to use certain tax
benefits to offset the revenue requirement increases in 2022 and 2023 and BGE cannot predict the outcome.
Pending Distribution Base Rate Case Proceedings
Registrant/Jurisdiction Filing Date ServiceRequested Revenue
Requirement Increase Requested ROE Expected Approval Timing
PECO - Pennsylvania September 30, 2020 Natural Gas $ 69 10.95  %Second quarter of 2021
Pepco - District of
ColumbiaMay 30, 2019
(amended June 1,
2020)Electric 136 9.7 %Second quarter of 2021
Pepco - Maryland October 26, 2020 Electric 110 10.2 %Second quarter of 2021
DPL - DelawareMarch 6, 2020
(amended February
2, 2021)Electric 23 10.3 % Third quarter of 2021
ACE - New Jersey December 9, 2020 Electric 67 10.3 %Fourth quarter of 2021
_________
(a)Pepco filed the multi-year plan enhanced proposal as an alternative to address the impacts of COVID-19. Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-
year plan for 2020 through 2022 and requested revenue requirement increases of $73 million in 2022 and $63 million in 2023, to recover capital
investments made during 2018 through 2020 and planned capital investments through the end of 2022.
(b)Reflects a three-year cumulative multi-year plan for April 1, 2021 through March 31, 2024 and total requested revenue requirement increases of
$56 million effective April 1, 2023 and $54 million effective April 1, 2024 to recover capital investments made in 2019 and 2020 and planned
capital investments through March 31, 2024.
(c)The rates went into effect on October 6, 2020, subject to refund.
(d)Requested increases are before New Jersey sales and use tax. ACE intends to put rates into effect on September 8, 2021, subject to refund.
Transmission Formula Rates  (Exelon, PHI, and the Utility Registrants)
The Utility Registrants' transmission rates are each established based on a FERC-approved formula. ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE are required to file an annual update to the FERC-approved formula on or before May 15, and PECO is required to file on
or before May 31, with the resulting rates effective on June 1 of the same year. The annual upda te for ComEd, BGE, DPL, and ACE
is base d on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions (initial year revenue requirement). The annual update
for PECO is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital addition s, accumulated depreciation, and
accumulated deferred income taxes. The annua l update for Pepco is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected
capital addit ions, accum ulated depreciation, depreciation and amortization expense, and accumulated deferred income taxes. The
update for ComEd, BGE , DPL, and ACE also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect beginning June 1
of the prior year and actual costs incurred for that year (annual reconciliation). The update for PECO and Pepco also reconciles any
differences between the actual costs and actual revenues for the calendar year (annual reconciliation).(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
236
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
For 2020, the following total increases/(decreases) were included in the Utility Registrants'  electric transmission formula rate
updates:
RegistrantInitial Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Annual Reconciliation
DecreaseTotal Revenue
Requirement
Increase/(Decrease)Allowed Return on
Rate Base Allowed ROE
ComEd $ 18 $ (4)$ 14 8.17 % 11.50  %
PECO 5 (28) (23) 7.47 % 10.35  %
BGE 16 (3) 4 7.26 % 10.50  %
Pepco 2 (46) (44) 7.81 % 10.50  %
DPL (4) (40) (44) 7.20 % 10.50  %
ACE 5 (25) (20) 7.40 % 10.50  %
__________
(a)All rates are effective June 30, 2020 - May 31, 2021, subject to review by interested parties pursuant to review protocols of each Utility
Registrant's tariff.
(b)The decrease in PECO's transmission revenue requirement relates to refunds from December 1, 2017, in accordance with the settlement
agreement dated July 22, 2019. The increase in BGE's transmission revenue requirement includes a $9 million reduction related to a FERC
approved dedicated facilities charge to recover the costs of providing transmission service to specifically designated load by BGE. ComEd,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE’s transmission revenue requirement include a decrease related to the April 24, 2020 settlement agreement related
to excess deferred income taxes. Refer to Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory assets below for additional information.
(c)Represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(d)As part of the FERC-approved settlement of ComEd’s 2007 and PECO's 2017 transmission rate cases, the rate of return on common equity is
11.50% and 10.35%, respectively inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO, and the common equity
component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at
55% and 55.75%, respectively. As part of the FERC-approved settlement of the ROE complaint against BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the rate of
return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a RTO.
Other State Regulatory Matters
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Energy Efficiency Formula Rate (Exelon and ComEd).  FEJA allows ComEd to defer energy efficienc y costs (except for any
voltage optim ization costs which are recovered through the electric distribution formula rate) as a separate regulatory asset that is
recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life, as approved by the ICC, of the related
energy efficiency measures. ComEd earns a return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset at a rate equal to its weighted average
cost of capital, which is based on a year-end capital structure and calculated using the same methodology applicable to ComEd’ s
electric distribution formula rate. Beginning Janu ary 1, 2018 through December 31, 2030, the ROE that ComEd earns on its energy
efficiency regulatory asset is subject to a maxi mum downward or upward adjustment of 200 basis points if ComEd’ s cumulative
persisting annual MWh savings falls short of or exceeds specified percentage benchmarks of its annual incremental savings goal.
ComEd is required to file an update to its energy  efficiency formula rate on or before June 1 each year, with resulting  rates effective
in January of the follow ing year. The annual update is based on projected current year energy efficiency costs, PJM capacity
revenues, and the projected year-end regulatory asset balance less any related deferred income taxes (initial year revenue
requirement). The update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement in effect for the prior year and actual
costs incurred from the year (annual reconciliation). The approved energy efficiency formula rate also provides for revenue
decoupling provisions similar to those in ComEd’ s electric distribution formula rate.
During 2020, the ICC approved the following total increases in ComEd's requested energy ef ficiency revenue requirement:(a) (b) (c) (d)
st
237
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Filing DateRequested Revenue
Requirement IncreaseApproved Revenue
Requirement Increase Approved ROE Approval Date Rate Effective Date
May 21, 2020 $ 48 $ 48 8.38 % December 2, 2020 January 1, 2021
_________
(a)ComEd’s 2021 approved revenue requirement above reflects an increase of $45 million for the initial year revenue requirement for 2021 and an
increase of $3 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2019. The revenue requirement for 2021 provides for a weighted average debt and
equity return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset and rate base of 6.28% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.38%, reflecting the monthly
average yields for 30-year treasury bonds plus 580 basis points. The revenue requirement for 2019 provides for a weighted average debt and
equity return on the energy efficiency regulatory asset and rate base of 6.56% inclusive of an allowed ROE of 8.96%, which includes an upward
performance adjustment that can either increase or decrease the ROE. See table below for ComEd's regulatory assets associated with its
energy efficiency formula rate.
Maryland Regulatory Matters
The Maryland Strategic Infrastructure Develo pment and Enhancement Program (Exelon and BGE). On December 1, 2017 (as
amended on January 22, 2018), BGE filed an application with the MDPSC seeking approval for a new gas infrastructure
replacement plan and associated surcharge, effective for the five-year period from 2019 through 2023. On May 30, 2018, the
MDPSC approved with modifications a new infrastructure plan and associated surcharge, subjec t to BGE's acceptance of the Order .
On June 1, 2018, BGE accepted the MDPSC Order and the associated surcharge became effective January 2019. The five-year
plan calls for capital expenditures over the 2019-2023 timeframe of $732 million with an associated revenue requirement of $200
million.
Cash Working Capital Order (Exelon and BGE).  On November 17, 2016, the MDPSC rendered a decision in the proceeding to
review BGE’ s request to recover its cash working capital (CWC) requirement for its POLR service, also known as SOS, as well as
other components that make up the Administrative Charge, the mechanism that enables BGE to recover its SOS-related costs. The
Administrative Charge is comprised of five components: CWC, uncollectibles, incremental costs, return, and an administrative
adjustment, which acts as a proxy for retail suppliers’  costs. The MDPSC accepted BGE's positions on recovery of CWC and pass-
through recovery of BGE’ s actual uncollectibles and incremental costs. The order also grants BGE a return on the
SOS. Subsequently , the MDPSC Staff and residential consumer advocate sought clarification and appealed the amount of return
awarded to BGE on the SOS. On July 27, 2020, the Maryland Court of Special Appeals affirmed the circuit court’ s judgment affirming
the MDPSC’ s decision. No party appealed the decision to the Maryland Court of Appeals. Also, in BGE’ s 2019 electric and gas
distribution base rate proceeding, the MDPSC established a normalized administrative adjustment. However , a group of electric
suppliers appealed the MDPSC’ s decision to the Circuit Court for Baltimore City . BGE cannot predict the outcome of this appeal.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
ACE Infrast ructure Investment Program Filing (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On February 28, 2018,  ACE filed with the NJBPU the
company’ s IIP proposing  to seek recovery of a series of investments through a new rider mecha nism, totaling $338 million, between
2019-2022 to provide safe and reliable service for its customers. The IIP will allow for more timely recovery of investments made to
modernize and enhance ACE’ s electric system. On April 15, 2019, ACE entered into a settlement agreement with other parties,
which allows for a recovery totaling $96 million of reliability related capital investments from July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2023. On
April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the settlement agreement.
Advanced Metering Infrastructure Filing (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On August 26, 2020, ACE filed an application with the NJBPU
as was required seeking  approval to deploy a smart energy network in alignment with New Jersey’ s Energy Master Plan and Clean
Energy Act. The propo sal consists of estima ted costs totaling $220 millio n, with deployme nt taking place over a 3-year
implementation period from approximately 2021 to 2024 that involves the installation of an integ rated system of smart meters for all
customers accompanied by the requisite communications facilities and data management systems. ACE is seeking authority to
recover these estimated investments through a combination of the ACE IIP rider mechanism and future distribution base rates. ACE
currently expects a decision in this matter in the third quarter of 2021 but cannot predict if the NJBPU will approve the application as
filed.(a)
238
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
New Jersey  Clean Energy Legislation (Exelon, PHI, and ACE).  On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that
established and modified New Jersey’ s clean energy and energy efficiency programs and solar and RPS. On the same day, New
Jersey enac ted legislatio n that established a ZEC program that provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the
NJBPU that they meet certain requirements, including that they make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their
revenues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Electric distribution utilities in New Jersey , including ACE, began collecting
from retail distribution customers, through a non-bypassable charge, all costs associated with the utility’ s procurement of the ZECs
effective April 18, 2019. See Generation Regulatory Matters below for additional information.
Other Federal Regulatory Matters
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory  Assets (Exelon, ComEd, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE). On December 13,
2016 (and as amended on March 13, 2017), BGE filed with FERC to begin recovering certain existing and future transmission-
related income tax regulatory assets through its transmission formula rate. BGE’ s existing regulatory assets included (1) amounts
that, if BGE’ s transmission formula rate provided for recovery , would have been previously amort ized and (2) amounts that would be
amortized and recovered prospectively . On November 16, 2017, FERC issued an order rejecting BGE’ s proposed revisions to its
transmission formula rate to recover these trans mission-related income tax regulatory assets. In the fourth quarter of 2017, ComEd,
BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE fully impaired their associated transmission-related income tax regulatory assets for the portion of the
income tax regulatory assets that would have been previously amortized.
On Februar y 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018), ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each filed with FERC to revise their
transmission formula rate mechanisms to permit recovery of transmission-related income tax regulatory assets, including those
amounts that would have been previously amortized and recovered through rates had the transmission formula rate provided for
such recovery .
On September 7, 2018, FERC issued orders rejecting 1) BGE’ s rehearing request of FERC's November 16, 2017 order and 2) the
February 23, 2018 (as amended on July 9, 2018) filing by ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE for similar recovery .
On November 2, 2018, BGE filed an appeal of FERC's September 7, 2018 order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. On
March 27, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court denied BGE’ s November 2, 2018 appeal.
On October 1, 2018, ComEd, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE submitted filings to recover ongoing non-TCJA  amortization amounts and
credit TCJA  transmission -related income tax regulatory liabilities to customers for the prospective  period starting on October 1, 2018.
On April 26, 2019, FERC issued an order accepting ComEd's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's October 1, 2018 filings, effective
October 1, 2018, subject to refund and established hearing and settlement judge procedures.  On April 24, 2020, ComEd, BGE,
Pepco, DPL, ACE, and other parties filed a settlement agreement with FERC, which FERC approved on September 24, 2020. The
settlement agreement provides for the recovery of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and establishes the
amount and amortization period for excess deferred income taxes resulting from TCJA. The settlement resulted in a reduction to
Operating revenues and an of fsetting reduction to Income tax expense in the second quarter of 2020.
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities
Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers
through regulated rates. Regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits that have been deferred
because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates or represent billings in advance of
expenditures for approved regulatory programs.
239
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
The following tables provide information about the regulatory assets and liabilities of Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019:
December 31, 2020 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory assets
Pension and OPEB $3,010  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Pension and OPEB - merger related 1,014  — — — — — — — 
Deferred income taxes 715 — 705 — 10 10 — — 
AMI programs - deployment costs 174 — — 109 65 35 30 — 
AMI programs - legacy meters 219 90 — 37 92 68 24 — 
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations (14) (14) — — — — — — 
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 117 117 — — — — — — 
Energy ef ficiency costs 982 982 — — — — — — 
Fair value of long-term debt 598 — — — 478 — — — 
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 328 — — — 328 — — — 
Asset retirement obligations 135 92 21 18 4 3 — 1 
MGP  remediation costs 285 271 10 4 — — — — 
Renewable energy 301 301 — — — — — — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 95 — — 23 72 37 5 30 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 5 — — 2 3 — 2 1 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 572 — — 289 283 203 80 — 
Under-recovered revenue
decoupling 113 — — 20 93 93 — — 
Stranded costs 25 — — — 25 — — 25 
Removal costs 701 — — 107 594 151 105 339 
DC PLUG charge 100 — — — 100 100 — — 
Deferred storm costs 50 — — — 50 5 4 41 
COVID-19 81 22 38 10 11 7 4 — 
Under-recovered credit loss expense 107 89 — — 18 — — 18 
Other 274 78 27 30 147 72 26 15 
Total regulatory assets 9,987  2,028  801 649 2,373  784 280 470 
        Less: current portion 1,228  279 25 168 440 214 58 75 
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,759  $1,749  $ 776 $ 481 $ 1,933  $ 570 $ 222 $ 395 
240
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2020 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory liabilities
Deferred income taxes $4,502  $2,205  $ — $1,001  $ 1,296  $ 621 $ 404 $ 271 
Nuclear decommissioning 3,016  2,541  475 — — — — — 
Removal costs 1,649  1,482  — 47 120 20 100 — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 175 34 97 6 38 24 10 4 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 52 2 12 — 38 23 9 6 
Renewable portfolio standards costs 427 427 — — — — — — 
Stranded costs 24 — — — 24 — — 24 
Other 221 1 40 85 59 2 17 13 
Total regulatory liabilities 10,066  6,692  624 1,139  1,575  690 540 318 
        Less: current portion 581 289 121 30 137 46 47 44 
Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities $9,485  $6,403  $ 503 $1,109  $ 1,438  $ 644 $ 493 $ 274 
241
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
December 31, 2019 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory assets
Pension and OPEB $2,784  $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Pension and OPEB - merger related 1,138  — — — — — — — 
Deferred income taxes 528 — 518 — 10 10 — — 
AMI programs - deployment costs 207 — — 129 78 43 35 — 
AMI programs - legacy meters 276 113 12 45 106 79 27 — 
Electric distribution formula rate
annual reconciliations 34 34 — — — — — — 
Electric distribution formula rate
significant one-time events 66 66 — — — — — — 
Energy ef ficiency costs 746 746 — — — — — — 
Fair value of long-term debt 650 — — — 523 — — — 
Fair value of PHI's unamortized
energy contracts 443 — — — 443 — — — 
Asset retirement obligations 127 85 23 16 3 2 — 1 
MGP  remediation costs 302 287 11 4 — — — — 
Renewable energy 301 301 — — — — — — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 110 — 6 36 68 43 5 20 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 11 — — 1 10 1 2 7 
Energy ef ficiency and demand
response programs 572 — — 303 269 196 73 — 
Merger integration costs 32 — — 2 30 15 8 7 
Under-recovered revenue
decoupling 37 — — 8 29 29 — — 
Stranded costs 37 — — — 37 — — 37 
Removal costs 641 — — 67 574 152 100 324 
DC PLUG charge 126 — — — 126 126 — — 
Other 337 129 25 26 167 76 24 29 
Total regulatory assets 9,505  1,761  595 637 2,473  772 274 425 
        Less: current portion 1,170  281 41 183 412 188 52 57 
Total noncurrent regulatory assets $8,335  $1,480  $ 554 $ 454 $ 2,061  $ 584 $ 222 $ 368 
December 31, 2019 Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Regulatory liabilities
Deferred income taxes $4,944  $2,297  $ — $1,089  $ 1,558  $ 725 $ 477 $ 356 
Nuclear decommissioning 3,102  2,622  480 — — — — — 
Removal costs 1,621  1,435  — 58 128 20 108 — 
Electric energy and natural gas costs 109 45 56 — 8 — 8 — 
Transmission formula rate annual
reconciliations 34 6 28 — — — — — 
Other 582 337 37 81 83 9 18 26 
Total regulatory liabilities 10,392  6,742  601 1,228  1,777  754 611 382 
        Less: current portion 406 200 91 33 70 8 37 25 
Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities $9,986  $6,542  $ 510 $1,195  $ 1,707  $ 746 $ 574 $ 357 
242
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Descriptions of the regulatory assets and liabiliti es included in the tables above are summarized  below , including their recovery and
amortization periods.
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Pension and OPEBPrimarily reflects the Utility Registrants' portion of
deferred costs, including unamortized actuarial
losses (gains) and prior service costs (credits),
associated with Exelon's pension and OPEB plans,
which are recovered through customer rates once
amortized through net periodic benefit cost. Also,
includes the Utility Registrants' non–service cost
components capitalized in Property , plant and
equipment, net on their Consolidated Balance
Sheets.The deferred costs are
amortized over the plan
participants' average
remaining service periods
subject to applicable
pension and OPEB cost
recognition policies. See
Note 15 — Retirement
Benefits for additional
information. The
capitalized non–service
cost components are
amortized over the lives
of the underlying assets.No
Pension and OPEB -
merger relatedThe deferred costs are amortized over the plan
participants' average remaining service periods
subject to applicable pension and OPEB cost
recognition policies. See Note 15 — Retirement
Benefits for additional information. The capitalized
non–service cost components are amortized over
the lives of the underlying assets.Legacy Constellation -
2038
Legacy PHI - 2032No
Deferred income taxesDeferred income taxes that are recoverable or
refundable through customer rates, primarily
associated with accelerated depreciation, the equity
component of AFUDC, and the ef fects of income tax
rate changes, including those resulting from the
TCJA. These amounts include transmission-related
regulatory liabilities that require FERC approval
separate from the transmission formula rate. See
Transmission-Related Income Tax Regulatory
Assets section above for additional information.Over the period in which
the related deferred
income taxes reverse,
which is generally based
on the expected life of the
underlying assets. For
TCJA, generally refunded
over the remaining
depreciable life of the
underlying assets, except
in certain jurisdictions
where the commissions
have approved a shorter
refund period for certain
assets not subject to IRS
normalization rules.No
243
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
AMI programs -
deployment costsInstallation costs of new smart meters, including
implementation costs at Pepco and DPL  of dynamic
pricing for energy usage resulting from smart
meters.BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030Yes
AMI programs - legacy
metersEarly retirement costs of legacy meters.ComEd - 2028
BGE - 2026
Pepco - 2027
DPL - 2030ComEd, Pepco (District of
Columbia), DPL
(Delaware) - Yes
BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL (Maryland) - No
Electric distribution
formula rate annual
reconciliationsUnder/(Over)-recoveries related to electric
distribution service costs recoverable through
ComEd's performance-based formula rate, which is
updated annually with rates ef fective on January 1 .2022 Yes
Electric distribution
formula rate significant
one-time eventsDeferred distribution service costs related to
ComEd's significant one-time events (e.g., storm
costs), which are recovered over 5 years from date
of the event.2024 Yes
Energy ef ficiency costsComEd's costs recovered through the energy
efficiency formula rate tarif f and the reconciliation of
the dif ference of the revenue requirement in ef fect
for the prior year and the revenue requirement
based on actual prior year costs. Deferred energy
efficiency costs are recovered over the weighted
average useful life of the related energy measure.2031 Yes
Fair value of long-term
debtRepresents the dif ference between the carrying
value and fair value of long-term debt of PHI and
BGE of $ 478 million and $ 120 million, respectively ,
as of December 31, 2020 and $ 523 million and
$127 million, respectively , as of December 31,
2019, as of the PHI and Constellation merger dates.BGE - 2036
PHI - 2045No
Fair value of PHI’ s
unamortized energy
contractsRepresents the regulatory assets recorded at
Exelon and PHI of fsetting the fair value adjustment
related to Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's electricity and
natural gas energy supply contracts recorded at PHI
as of the PHI merger date.2036 No
Asset retirement
obligationsFuture legally required removal costs associated
with existing AROs.Over the life of the related
assets.Yes, once the removal
activities have been
performed.
MGP  remediation costsEnvironmental remediation costs for MGP  sites
recorded at ComEd, PECO, and BGE.Over the expected
remediation period. See
Note 19 — Commitments
and Contingencies for
additional information.Nost
244
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Renewable energyRepresents the change in fair value of ComEd‘s 20-
year floating-to-fixed long-term renewable energy
swap contracts.2032 No
Electric energy and
natural gas costsUnder (over)-recoveries related to energy and gas
supply related costs recoverable (refundable) under
approved rate riders.2025DPL (Delaware), ACE -
Yes
ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL  (Maryland) -
No
Transmission formula rate
annual reconciliationsUnder (over)-recoveries related to transmission
service costs recoverable through the Utility
Registrants’  FERC formula rates, which are updated
annually with rates ef fective each June 1 .2022 Yes
Energy ef ficiency and
demand response
programsIncludes under (over)-recoveries of costs incurred
related to energy ef ficiency programs and demand
response programs and recoverable costs
associated with customer direct load control and
energy ef ficiency and conservation programs that
are being recovered from customers.PECO - 2021
BGE - 2025
Pepco, DPL  - 2035BGE, Pepco, DPL  - Yes
PECO - Yes on capital
investment recovered
through this mechanism
Merger integration costsIntegration costs to achieve distribution synergies
related to the Constellation merger and PHI
acquisition. Costs for Pepco (Maryland) and Pepco
(District of Columbia) were $ 3 million and $ 9 million,
respectively as of December 31, 2020, which are
included in Other in the table above, and $ 6 million
and $ 9 million, respectively as of December 31,
2019.BGE - 2021
Pepco - 2021
DPL- 2026
ACE - 2022BGE, Pepco (Maryland),
DPL - Yes
Pepco (District of
Columbia), ACE - No
Under (over)-recovered
revenue decouplingElectric and / or gas distribution costs recoverable
from or (refundable) to customers under decoupling
mechanisms.BGE and DPL  - 2021
Pepco (Maryland) -
$16 million - 2021
Pepco (District of
Columbia) - $ 31 million -
2021; $ 46 million to be
determined by the
DCPSCBGE, Pepco, DPL  - No
Stranded costsThe regulatory asset represents certain stranded
costs associated with ACE's former electricity
generation business. The regulatory liability
represents overcollection of a customer surcharge
collected by ACE to fund principal and interest
payments on Transition Bonds of ACE Transition
Funding that securitized such costs.Stranded costs - 2022
Overcollection - To be
determined by NJBPUStranded costs - Yes
Overcollection - Nost
245
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Removal costsFor BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the regulatory
asset represents costs incurred to remove property ,
plant and equipment in excess of amounts received
from customers through depreciation rates. For
ComEd, BGE, Pepco, and DPL, the regulatory
liability represents amounts received from
customers through depreciation rates to cover the
future non–legally required cost to remove property ,
plant and equipment, which reduces rate base for
ratemaking purposes.BGE, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE - Asset is generally
recovered over the life of
the underlying assets.
ComEd, BGE, Pepco,
and DPL  - Liability is
reduced as costs are
incurred.Yes
DC PLUG chargeCosts associated with DC PLUG, which is a
projected six year , $500 million project to place
underground some of the District of Columbia’ s
most outage-prone power lines with $ 250 million of
the project costs funded by Pepco and $ 250 million
funded by the District of Columbia. Rates for the DC
PLUG initiative went into ef fect on February 7,
2018.2021 - $ 30 million
$70 million to be
determined based on
future biennial plans filed
with the DCPSC.Portion of asset funded
by Pepco-Y es
Deferred storm costsFor Pepco, DPL, and ACE amounts represent total
incremental storm restoration costs incurred due to
major storm events recoverable from customers in
the Maryland and New Jersey jurisdictions.Pepco - 2024
DPL - $2 million - 2025;
$2 million not currently
being recovered
ACE - $ 5 million - 2021;
$36 million not currently
being recoveredPepco, DPL  - Yes
ACE - No
Nuclear decommissioningEstimated future decommissioning costs for the
Regulatory Agreement Units that are less than the
associated NDT  fund assets. See Note 10 — Asset
Retirement Obligations for additional information.Not currently being
refunded.No
COVID-19See COVID-19 section below for detail on the
COVID-19 regulatory asset.ComEd - 2024
BGE - 2025
PECO, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE - Not currently being
recovered.ComEd and BGE - Yes
PECO, Pepco, DPL, and
ACE - No
246
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Line Item DescriptionEnd Date of Remaining
Recovery/Refund Period Return
Under (over) -recovered
credit loss expenseFor ComEd and ACE, amounts represent the
difference between annual credit loss expense and
revenues collected in rates through ICC and
NJBPU-approved riders. The dif ference between
net credit loss expense and revenues collected
through the rider each calendar year for ComEd is
recovered or refunded over a twelve-month period
beginning in June of the following calendar year .
ACE intends to recover/refund from June through
May of each respective year , subject to approval of
the NJBPU.ComEd - 2023
ACE - To be determined
by NJBPU.No
Renewable portfolio
standards costsRepresents an overcollection of funds from both
ComEd customers and alternative retail electricity
suppliers to be spent on future renewable energy
procurements. Costs were $ 320 million as of
December 31, 2019, which are included in Other in
the 2019 table above.To be determined by the
IPA and ICC.No
COVID-19 (Exelon and the Utility Registrants). Starting in March of 2020, the Utility Registrants temporarily suspended customer
disconnections for non-payment and temporarily ceased new late payment fees for all customers and restored service to customers
upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months. The duration and extent of these measures varies by jurisdiction.
While these measures are no longer in place for some jurisdiction s as of Dece mber 31, 2020, they are expected to continue through
the first quarter of 2021 in other jurisdictions. Typically , the Utility Registrants recover credit loss expense through regulatory required
programs or distribution base rate cases. ComEd  and ACE have existing mechanisms for recove ry of credit loss expense. For those
jurisdictions without an existing regulatory required program to recover credit loss expense, the Utility Registrants are pursuing
strategies to recover incremental costs being incurred as a result of COVID-19:
•In the period of April to July of 2020, the MDPS C, the DCPSC, the DPSC, and the NJBPU issued orders authorizing the
creation of regulatory assets to track incremental COVID-19 related costs.
•In May of 2020, the PAPUC issued a Secretarial Letter authorizing the creation of regulatory assets to track incremental
credit loss expense related to COVID-19.
The Utility Registrants have also incurred direct costs related to COVID-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire personal
protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the health of
their employees.
The Utility Registrants have recorded regulatory assets for the impacts of COVID-19 reflecting primarily incremental credit losses
and direct costs, partial ly offset by a decrease in travel costs at BGE and PHI. Refer to the Regulatory assets table above for
amounts as of December 31, 2020. The Utility Registrants expect to seek recovery in upcoming distribution base rate cases.
247
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Capitalized Ratemaking Amounts Not Recognized
The following table presents authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes related to earnings on shareholders’
investment that are not recognized for financial reporting purposes in Exelon's and the Utility Registrant's Consolidated Balance
Sheets. These amounts will be recognized as revenues in the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income in the periods they are billable to our customers.
Exelon ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020 $ 51 $ (1)$ — $ 45 $ 7 $ 4 $ 3 $ — 
December 31, 2019 $ 63 $ 3 $ — $ 53 $ 7 $ 4 $ 3 $ — 
__________
(a)Reflects ComEd's unrecognized equity returns/(losses) earned/(incurred) for ratemaking purposes on its electric distribution formula rate
regulatory assets.
(b)BGE's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes primarily relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on its AMI programs.
(c)Pepco's and DPL's authorized amounts capitalized for ratemaking purposes relate to earnings on shareholders' investment on their respective
AMI Programs and Energy Efficiency and Demand Response Programs. The earnings on energy efficiency are on Pepco DC and DPL DE
programs only.
Generation Regulatory Matters (Exelon and Generation)
Illinois Regulatory Matters
Zero Emission Standard.  Pursuant to FEJA, on January 25, 2018, the ICC announced that Generation’ s Clinton Unit 1, Quad
Cities Unit 1, and Quad Cities Unit 2 nuclear plants were selected as the winning bidders through the IP A's ZEC procurement event.
Generation executed the ZEC procurement contracts with Illinois utilities, including ComEd, effective January 26, 2018 and began
recognizing revenue with compensation for the sale of ZECs retroactive to the June 1, 2017 effective date of FEJA. The ZEC price
was initially established at $16.50  per MWh of production,  subject to annual future adjustments determined by the IPA for specifie d
escalation and pricing adjustment mechanisms  designed to lower the ZEC price based on increases in underlying energy and
capacity prices. Illinois utilities are required to purchase all ZECs delivered by the zero-emi ssions nuclear-powered generating
facilities, subject to annu al cost caps. For the initial delivery year, June 1, 2017 to May 31, 2018, and subsequent delivery year, June
1, 2018 to May 31, 2019, the ZEC annual cost cap was set at $235 million (ComEd’ s share is approximately $170 million). For
subsequent delivery years, the IPA-approved targeted ZEC procurement amounts will change based on forward energy and capacity
prices. ZECs delivered to Illinois utilities in exce ss of the annual cost cap may be paid in subsequent years if the payments do not
exceed the prescribed annual cost cap for that year. During the first quarter of 2018, Generation recognized $150 million of revenue
related to ZECs generated from June 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
New Jersey Regulatory Matters
New Jersey Clean Energy Legislation . On May 23, 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation that established a ZEC program that
provides compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the NJBPU that they meet certa in requirements, including that they
make a significant contri bution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insuf ficient to cover their costs and risks. Under
the legislation, the NJBP U will issue ZECs to qualifying nuclear power plants and the electric  distribution utilities in New Jersey ,
including ACE, will be required to purchase those  ZECs. On April 18, 2019, the NJBPU approved the award of ZECs to Salem 1 and
Salem 2. Upon approval, Generation began recognizing revenue for the sale of New Jersey ZECs in the month they are generated
and has recognized $69 million and $53 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively . On May 15, 2019,
New Jersey Rate Counsel appealed the NJBPU 's decision to the New Jersey Superior Court. Briefing has been completed, and on
December 9, 2020, oral argument took place. On October 1, 2020, PSEG and Generation filed applications seeking ZECs for the
second eligibility period (June 2022 through May 2025). The NJBPU will act on the applications by the end of April 2021. Exelon and
Generation cannot predict the outcome of the appeal. See Note 7 - Early Plant Retirements for additional information related to
Salem.(a) (b) (c) (c)
248
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
New York Regulatory Matters
New York Clean Energ y Standard. On August 1, 2016, the NYPSC issued an order  establishing the New York CES, a component
of which is a Tier 3 ZEC program targeted at preserving the environmental attributes of zero-em issions nuclear-powered generating
facilities that meet the criteria demonstrating public necessity as determined by the NYPSC to be Generation's FitzPatrick, Ginna,
and Nine Mile Point nuclear facilities.
On Novemb er 30, 2016 (as amended on January 13, 2017), a group of parties filed a Petition in New York State court seeking to
invalidate the ZEC program, which argued that the NYPSC did not have authority to establish  the program, that it violated state
environmental law and that it violated certain technical provisions of the State Administrative Procedures Act when adopting the ZEC
program. On January 22, 2018, the court dismi ssed the environmental claims and the majority of the plaintif fs from the case but
denied the motions to dismiss with respect to the remaining five plaintif fs and claims, without commenting on the merits of the case.
On October 8, 2019, the court dismissed all remaining claims. The petitioners filed a notice of appeal on November 4, 2019 and
originally had until May 4, 2020 to file their brief. Due to COVID-19 related restrictions, the court extended the deadline to July 29,
2020. Petitio ners did not file a brief by the deadli ne, so the case is deemed dismissed. Petitioner s are permitted up to one year from
July 29, 2020 to file a motion to vacate the dismissal if they can show good cause for the delay .
See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information related to Ginna and Nine Mile Point.
New England Regulatory Matters
Mystic Units 8 & 9 and Everett Marine Terminal Cost of Service Agreement (Exelon and Generation). On March 29, 2018,
Generation notified grid operator ISO-NE of its plans to early retire Mystic Units 8 and 9 absent regulatory reforms on June 1, 2022.
On May 16, 2018, Generation made a filing with FERC to establish cost-of-service compensation and terms and conditions of
service for Mystic Units 8 & 9 for the period between June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2024. On Decemb er 20, 2018, FERC issued an order
accepting the cost of service compensation, reflecting a number of adjustments to the annu al fixed revenue requirement, and
allowing for recovery of a substantial portion of the costs associated with the adjacent Everett Marine Terminal acquired by
Generation in October 2018. Those adjustments  were reflected in a compliance filing made on March 1, 2019. In the December 20,
2018 order, FERC also directed a paper hearing  on ROE using a new methodology . On January 22, 2019, Exelon and several other
parties filed requests for rehearing of certain findings in the order .
On July 17, 2020, FERC issued three orders, which together affirmed the recovery of key elements of Mystic's cost of service
compensation, including recovery of costs associated with the operation of the Everett Marine Terminal. FERC directed a downward
adjustment to the rate base for Mystic Units 8 and 9, the effect of which will be partially offset by elimination of a crediting
mechanism for third party gas sales during the term of the cost of service agreement. A compliance filing was submitted on
September 15, 2020 and is pending. Several parties filed protests to the compliance filing on the issue of how gross plant in-service
was calculated and Generation filed an answer to the protests on October 21, 2020. On July 28, 2020, FERC ordered additional
briefings in the ROE proceeding. On December 21, 2020, FERC issued an order on rehearing  of the three July 17, 2020 orders,
clarifying several cost of service provisions.
On August 25, 2020, a group of New England generators filed a complaint against Generation seeking to extend the scope of the
claw back provision in the cost-of-service agreement, whereby Generation would refund certain amounts recovered during the term
of the cost of service if it returns to market afterwards. On September 14, 2020, Generation filed an answer to the complaint arguing
that the complaint is procedurally improper and a collateral attack on existing FERC orders, and pointing out that the ISO-NE tariff
contains protections against the New England generators' concerns that they failed to mention. On September 28, 2020, New
England generators filed an answer to Generation’ s answer . Generation cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
On June 10, 2020, Generation filed a complaint with FERC against ISO-NE on the grounds that ISO-NE failed to follow its tariff with
respect to its evaluation of Mystic for transmission security for the 2024 to 2025 Capacity Commitment Period (FCA  15) and that the
modifications that ISO-NE made to its unfiled planning procedures to avoid retaining Mystic should have been filed with FERC for
approval. On July 27, 2020, ISO-NE issued a memo to NEPOOL  announcing its determinati on pursuant to its unfiled planning
procedures that Mystic Units 8 and 9 are not needed for FCA 15 for transmission security . It had previously determined Mystic Units
8 and 9 are not needed for fuel security . On August 17, 2020, FERC issued an order denying the complaint. On September 16,
249
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
2020, Generation filed a request for rehearing with FERC. On October 19, 2020, FERC denied rehearing by operation of law and on
December 18, 2020, Generation appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. The timing and the outcome of this
proceeding is uncertain.
See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements and Note 12 — Asset Impairments for additional information on the impacts of Generation’ s
August 2020 decision to retire Mystic Units 8 & 9 upon expiration of the cost of service agreement.
Federal Regulatory Matters
PJM and NYISO MOPR  Proceedings. PJM and NYISO capaci ty markets include a MOPR. If a resource is subjected to a MOPR,
its offer is adjusted to effectively remove the revenues it receives through a state government-provided financial support program -
resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. Prior to December 19, 2019,  the MOPR in PJM applied only to
certain new gas-fired resources. Currently , the MOPR in NYISO applies only to certain resources in downstate New York.
For Generat ion’s facilities in PJM and NYISO that are currently receiving ZEC compensation, an expanded MOPR would require
exclusion of ZEC compensation when bidding into future capacity auctions, resulting in an increased risk of these facilities not
receiving capacity revenues in future auctions.
On December 19, 2019 , FERC required PJM to broadly apply the MOPR to all new and existing resources including nuclear ,
renewables, demand response, energy efficiency , storage, and all resources owned by vertic ally-integrated utilities. This greatly
expands the breadth and scope of PJM’ s MOPR, which is effective as of PJM’ s next capacity auction. While FERC included some
limited exemptions, no exemptions were available to state-supported nuclear resources.
FERC provided no new mechanism for accommodating state-supported resources other than the existing FRR mechanism (under
which an entire utility zone would be removed from PJM’ s capacity auction along with sufficient resources to support the load in such
zone). In response to FERC’ s order , PJM submitted a compliance filing on March 18, 2020 wherein PJM proposed tariff language
interpreting and impleme nting FERC's directives, and proposed a schedule for resuming capaci ty auctions that is contingent on the
timing of FERC's action on the compliance filing.
On April 16, 2020, FERC issued an order largely denying most requests for rehearing of FERC's December 2019 order but granting
a few clarifications that required an additional PJM compliance filing which PJM submitted on June 1, 2020.
On October 15, 2020, FERC issued an order denying requests for rehearing of its April 16, 2020 order and accepting PJM’ s two
compliance filings, subject to a further complianc e filing to revise minor aspects of the proposed MOPR methodology . As part of that
order , FERC  also accepted PJM’ s proposal to condense the schedule of activities leading up to the next capacity auction. In
November 2020, PJM announced that it will conduct its next capacity auction beginning on May 19, 2021 and ending on May 25,
2021 and will post the results on June 2, 2021.
Because neither Illinois nor New Jersey have implemented an FRR program in their PJM zone s, the MOPR will apply in that next
capacity auction to Generation's owned or jointly owned nuclear plants in those states receiving  a benefit under the Illinois ZES, or
the New Jersey ZEC program, as applicable, increasing the risk that those units may not clear the capacity market.
Exelon is currently working with PJM and other stakeholders to pursue the FRR option as an alternative to the PJM capacity auction.
If Illinois implements the FRR option, Generation ’s Illinois nuclear plants could be removed from PJM’ s capacity auction and instead
supply capa city, and be compensated under the FRR program, which has the potential to mitigate the current economic distress
being experienced by Generation's nuclear plants in Illinois, as discussed in Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements. Implementing the
FRR program in Illinois will require both legisla tive and regulatory changes. Whether legislation is needed in New Jersey would
depend on how the state chooses to structure an FRR program. Exelon cannot predict whether or when such legislative and
regulatory changes can be implemented.
250
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
On February  20, 2020, FERC issued an order rejecting requests to expand NYISO’ s version of the MOPR (referred to as buyer-side
mitigation rules) beyond its current limited applicability to certain resources in downstate. Howeve r, on October 14, 2020, two natural
gas-fired generators in New York filed a complaint at FERC seeking to expand the MOPR in NYISO to apply to all resources, new
and existing, across the entire NYISO market. Exelon is strenuously opposing expansion of FERC’s MOPR policies in the NYISO
market. While it is too early in the proceeding to predict its outcome and there are significant differences between the NYISO and
PJM markets that would justify a different result, if FERC follows its MOPR precedent in PJM and applies the MOPR in NYISO
broadly as requested in the complaint, Generati on’s facilities in NYISO that are receiving ZEC compensation may be at increased
risk of not clearing the capacity auction.
If Generation’ s state-supported nuclear plants in PJM or NYISO are subjected to the MOPR or equivalent without compensation
under an FRR or similar  program, it could have a material adverse impact on Exelon's and Generation's financial statements, which
Exelon and Generation cannot reasonably estimate at this time.
Operating License Renewals
Conowingo Hydroelectric Project . On August 29, 2012, Generation submitted a hydroelectric license application to FERC for a
new license for the Conowingo Hydroelectric Project (Conowingo). In connection with Generatio n’s efforts to obtain a water quality
certification pursuant to Section 401 of the Clean Water Act (401 Certification) from MDE for Conowingo, Generation has been
working with MDE and other stakeholders to resolve water quality licensing issues, including: (1) water quality , (2) fish habitat, and
(3) sediment.
On April 21, 2016, Generation and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior executed a settlement
agreement (DOI Settlement) resolving all fish passage issues between the parties.
On April 27, 2018, MDE issued its 401 Certification for Conowingo. As issued, the 401 Certifica tion contains numerous conditions,
including those relating to reduction of nutrien ts from upstream sources, removal of all visible trash and debris from upstream
sources, and implementation of measures relatin g to fish passage, which could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s financial statements through an increase in capital expenditures and operating costs if implemented. On May 25, 2018,
Generation filed complai nts in federal and state court, along with a petition for reconsideration with MDE, alleging that the conditions
are unfair and onerous and in violation of MDE regulations and state, federal, and constitutional law. Generation also requested that
FERC defer  the issuance of the federal license  while these significant state and federal law issues are pending. On February 28,
2019, Generation filed a Petition for Declaratory  Order with FERC requesting that FERC issue an order declaring that MDE waived
its right to issue a 401 Certification for Conowin go because it failed to timely act on Conowingo’ s 401 Certification application and
requesting that FERC decline to include the conditions required by MDE in April 2018.
On October 29, 2019, Generation and MDE filed with FERC a Joint Offer of Settlement (Offer of Settlement) that would resolve all
outstanding issues relating to the 401 Certification. Pursuant to the Offer of Settlement, the parties submitted Proposed License
Articles to FERC to be incorporated by FERC into the new license in accordance with FERC’ s discretionary authority under the
Federal Power Act. Among the Proposed License Articles are modifications to river flows to improve aquatic habitat, eel passage
improvements, and initiatives to support rare, threatened and endangered wildlife. If FERC approves the Offer of Settlement and
incorporates the Proposed License Articles into the new license without modification, then MDE would waive its rights to issue a 401
Certification and Generation would agree, pursuant to a separate agreement with MDE (MDE Settlement), to implement additional
environmental protection , mitigation, and enhancement measures over the anticipated 50-yea r term of the new license. These
measures address mussel restoration and other ecological and water quality matters, among other commitments. Exelon’ s
commitments under the various provisions of the Offer of Settlement and MDE Settlement are not effective unless and until FERC
approves the Of fer of Settlement, and issues the new license with the Proposed License Articles.
The financia l impact of the DOI and MDE Settlements and other anticipated license commitments are estimated to be $11 million to
$14 million per year, on average, recognized over the new license term, including capital and operating costs. The actual timing and
amount of the majority of these costs are not currently fixed and will vary from year to year throughout the life of the new license.
Generation cannot currently predict when FERC will issue the new license. As of December 31, 2020, $45 million of direct costs
associated with Conowingo licensing efforts have been capitalized. Generation's current depreciation provision for Conowingo
assumes renewal of the FERC license.
251
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 3 — Regulatory Matters
Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3. On July 10, 2018, Generation submitted a second 20-year license renewal application with the NRC
for Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3, which was approved on March 6, 2020. Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3 are now licensed to operate
through 2053 and 2054, respectively . See Note 8 – Property , Plant, and Equipment for additional information regarding the estimated
useful life and depreciation provisions for Peach Bottom.
4. Revenue from Contracts with Customers (All Registrants)
The Registrants recognize revenue from contracts with customers to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an
amount that the entities expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Generation’ s primary sources of revenue
include competitive sales of power , natural gas, and other energy-related products and services. The Utility Registrants’  primary
sources of revenue include regulated electric and gas tariff sales, distribution, and transmission services. The performance
obligations, revenue recognition, and payment terms associated with these sources of revenue  are further discussed in the table
below . There  are no significant financing components for these sources of revenue and no variable consideration for regulated
electric and gas tarif f sales and regulated transmission services unless noted below .
Unless otherwise noted, for each of the significant revenue categories and related performance obligations described below , the
Registrants have the right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value transferred to the
customer for the performance completed to date. Therefore, the Registrants generally recogniz e revenue in the amount for which
they have the right to invoice the customer . As a result, there are generally no significant judgmen ts used in determining or allocating
the transaction price.
252
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Revenue Source Description Performance ObligationTiming of Revenue
Recognition Payment Terms
Competitive Power
Sales (Exelon and
Generation)Sales of power and other
energy-related commodities to
wholesale and retail customers
across multiple geographic
regions through its customer-
facing business, Constellation.Various including the delivery
of power (generally delivered
over time) and other energy-
related commodities such as
capacity (generally delivered
over time), ZECs, RECs or
other ancillary services
(generally delivered at a
point in time).Concurrently as power
is generated for bundled
power sale contracts.Within the month
following delivery
to the customer .
Competitive Natural
Gas Sales (Exelon and
Generation)Sales of natural gas on a full
requirement basis or for an
agreed upon volume to
commercial and residential
customers.Delivery of natural gas to the
customer .Over time as the natural
gas is delivered and
consumed by the
customer .Within the month
following delivery
to the customer .
Other Competitive
Products and Services
(Exelon and
Generation)Sales of other energy-related
products and services such as
long-term construction and
installation of energy ef ficiency
assets and new power
generating facilities, primarily to
commercial and industrial
customers.Construction and/or
installation of the asset for
the customer .Revenues and
associated costs are
recognized throughout
the contract term using
an input method to
measure progress
towards completion.Within 30 or 45
days from the
invoice date.
Regulated Electric and
Gas Tariff Sales
(Exelon and the Utility
Registrants)Sales of electricity and
electricity distribution services
(the Utility Registrants) and
natural gas and gas distribution
services (PECO, BGE, and
DPL) to residential,
commercial, industrial, and
governmental customers
through regulated tarif f rates
approved by state regulatory
commissions.Delivery of electricity and/or
natural gas.Over time (each day) as
the electricity and/or
natural gas is delivered
to customers. Tariff
sales are generally
considered daily
contracts as customers
can discontinue service
at any time.Within the month
following delivery
of the electricity or
natural gas to the
customer .
Regulated
Transmission Services
(Exelon and the Utility
Registrants)The Utility Registrants provide
open access to their
transmission facilities to PJM,
which directs and controls the
operation of these transmission
facilities and accordingly
compensates the Utility
Registrants pursuant to filed
tariffs at cost-based rates
approved by FERC.Various including (i) Network
Integration Transmission
Services (NITS), (ii)
scheduling, system control
and dispatch services, and
(iii) access to the wholesale
grid.Over time utilizing
output methods to
measure progress
towards completion.Paid weekly by
PJM.
__________
(a)Certain contracts may contain limits on the total amount of revenue Exelon and Generation are able to collect over the entire term of the
contract. In such cases, Exelon and Generation estimate the total consideration expected to be received over the term of the contract net of the
constraint and allocate the expected consideration to the performance obligations (a)
(b)
 (c)
 (d)
253
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
in the contract such that revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the entire contract as the performance obligations are satisfied.
(b)The method recognizes revenue based on the various inputs used to satisfy the performance obligation, such as costs incurred and total labor
hours expended. The total amount of revenue that will be recognized is based on the agreed upon contractually-stated amount. The average
contract term for these projects is approximately 18 months.
(c)Electric and natural gas utility customers have the choice to purchase electricity or natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural
gas suppliers. While the Utility Registrants are required under state legislation to bill their customers for the supply and distribution of electricity
and/or natural gas, they recognize revenue related only to the distribution services when customers purchase their electricity or natural gas from
competitive suppliers.
(d)Passage of time is used for NITS and access to the wholesale grid and MWHs of energy transported over the wholesale grid is used for
scheduling, system control and dispatch services.
Generation incurs incremental costs in order to execute certain retail power and gas sales contracts. These costs, which primarily
relate to retail broker fees and sales commissions, are capitalized when incurred as contract acquisition costs and were immaterial
as of Decem ber 31, 2020 and 2019. The Utility Registrants do not incur any material costs to obtain or fulfill contracts with
customers.
Contract Balances (All Registrants)
Contract Assets
Generation records contract assets for the revenue recognized on the construction and installation of energy efficiency assets and
new power generating facilities before Generation has an unconditional right to bill for and receive the consideration from the
customer . These contract assets are subseque ntly reclassified to receivables when the right to payment becomes unconditional.
Generation records contract assets and contract receivables within Other current assets and Customer accounts receivable, net,
respectively , within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The following table provides a rollforward of the contract assets reflected in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The Utility Registrants do not have any contract assets.
Exelon Generation
Balance as of December 31, 2018 $ 187 $ 187 
Amounts reclassified to receivables (143) (143)
Revenues recognized 130 130 
Balance at December 31, 2019 174 174 
Amounts reclassified to receivables (86) (86)
Revenues recognized 68 68 
Contract assets reclassified as held for sale (12) (12)
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 144 $ 144 
__________
(a)Represents contract assets related to Generation's solar business, which were classified as held for sale as a result of the sale agreement. See
Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information.
Contract Liabilities
The Registrants record contract liabilities when consideration is received or due prior to the satisfaction of the performance
obligations. The Registrants record contract liabilities within Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities within the
Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
For Generation, these contract liabilities primarily relate to upfront consideration received or due for equipment service plans, solar
panel leases , and the Illinois ZEC program that introduces a cap on the total consideration to be received by Generation. The
Generation contract liability related to the Illinois ZEC program includes certain amounts with ComEd that are eliminated in
consolidation in Exelon’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Balance Sheets.
On July 1, 2020, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each entered into a collaborative arrangement with an unrelated owner and manager of
communication infrastru cture (the Buyer). Under this arrangement, Pepco, DPL, and ACE sold a 60% undivided interest in their
respective portfolios of transmission tower attachment agreements with(a)
254
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
telecommunications companies to the Buyer , in addition to transitioning management of the day-to-day operations of the jointly-
owned agreements to the Buyer for 35 years, while retaining the safe and reliable operation of its utility assets. In return, Pepco,
DPL, and ACE will provide the Buyer limited access on the portion of the towers where the equipment resides for the purposes of
managing the agreements for the benefit of Pepc o, DPL, ACE, and the Buyer . In addition, for an initial period of three years and two,
two-year extensions that are subject to certain conditions, the Buyer has the exclusive right to enter into new agreements with
telecommunications companies and to receive a 30% undivided interest in those new agreements. PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
received cash and recorded contract liabilities as of July 1, 2020 as shown in the table below. The revenue attributable to this
arrangement will be recognized as operating revenue over the 35 years under the collaborative arrangement.
The following table provides a rollforward of the contract liabilities reflected in Exelon's, Gener ation's, PHI's, Pepco's, DPL's, and
ACE'S Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, ComEd's, PECO's, and BGE's contract liabilities
were immaterial.
Exelon Generation PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December 31, 2017 $ 35 $ 35 $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Consideration received or due 179 465 — — — — 
Revenues recognized (187) (458) — — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2018 27 42 — — — — 
Consideration received or due 94 287 — — — — 
Revenues recognized (88) (258) — — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2019 33 71 — — — — 
Consideration received or due 219 282 122 98 12 12 
Revenues recognized (98) (266) (4) (4) — — 
Contracts liabilities reclassified as held for sale (3) (3) — — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 151 $ 84 $ 118 $ 94 $ 12 $ 12 
__________
(a)Represents contract liabilities related to Generation's solar business, which were classified as held for sale as a result of the sale agreement.
See Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information.
The followin g table reflects revenues recognized in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, which were included in
contract liabilities at December 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively:
2020 2019 2018
Exelon $ 27 $ 18 $ 11 
Generation 64 32 11 
Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations (All Registrants)
The followin g table shows the amounts of future revenues expected to be recorded in each year for performance obligations that are
unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2020. This disclosure only includes contra cts for which the total consideration
is fixed and determinable at contract inception. The average contract term varies by customer type and commodity but ranges from
one month to several years.
This disclosure excludes Generation's power and gas sales contracts as they contain variable volumes and/or variable pricing. This
disclosure also excludes the Utility Registrants' gas and electric tariff sales contracts and trans mission revenue contracts as they
generally have an original expected duration of one year or less and, therefore, do not contain any future, unsatisfied performance
obligations to be included in this disclosure.(a)
255
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 4 — Revenue from Contracts with Customers
2021 2022 2023 20242025 and
thereafter Total
Exelon $ 262 $ 93 $ 54 $ 40 $ 330 $ 779 
Generation 352 124 55 34 243 808 
PHI 9 8 8 6 87 118 
Pepco 7 6 6 5 70 94 
DPL 1 1 1 — 9 12 
ACE 1 1 1 1 8 12 
Revenue Disaggregation (All Registrants)
The Registrants disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See Note 5 — Segment Information for the
presentation of the Registrant's revenue disaggregation.
5. Segment Information (All Registrants)
Operating segments for each of the Registrants are determined based on information used by the CODM in deciding how to
evaluate performance and allocate resources at each of the Registrants.
Exelon has eleven  reportable segments, which include Generati on's five reportable segments consisting of the Mid-Atlantic,
Midwest, New York, ERCOT , and all other power regions referred to     collectively as “Other Power Regions” and ComEd, PECO,
BGE, and PHI's three  report able segments consisting of Pepco, DPL, and ACE. ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE each
represent a single reportable segment, and as such, no separate segment information is provided for these Registrants. Exelon,
ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE's CODMs evaluate the performance of and allocate resources to ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL, and ACE based on net income.
The basis for Generation's reportable segments  is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different
geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of ISO/R TO and/or NERC regions, which utilize multiple supply
sources to provide elect ricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). Generation's hedging strategies and risk
metrics are also aligned  to these same geographic regions. Descriptions of each of Generation ’s five reportable segments are as
follows:
•Mid-Atlantic represents operations in the eastern half of PJM, which includes New Jersey , Maryland, Virginia, West
Virginia, Delaware, the District of Columbia, and parts of Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
•Midwest  represents operations in the western half of PJM and the United States footprint of MISO, excluding MISO’ s
Southern Region.
•New York represents operations within NYISO.
•ERCOT  represents operations within Electric Reliability Council of Texas.
•Other Power Regions:
•New England  represents operations within ISO-NE.
•South  represents operations in the FRCC, MISO’ s Southern Region, and the remaining portions of the SERC not
included within MISO or PJM.
•West represents operations in the WECC, which includes CAISO.
•Canada represents operations across the entire country of Canada and includes AESO, OIESO, and the Canadian
portion of MISO.
The CODMs for Exelon and Generation evaluate the performance of Generation’ s electric business activities and allocate resources
based on RNF. Generation believes that RNF is a useful measurement of operational performance. RNF is not a presentation
defined under GAAP  and may not be comparable to other companies’
256
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
presentations or deemed more useful than the GAAP  information provided elsewhere in this report. Generation’ s operating revenues
include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants. Purchased power costs include all costs associated with
the procurement and supply of electricity includi ng capacity , energy , and ancillary services. Fuel expense includes the fuel costs for
Generation’ s owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements. The results of Generation's other business
activities are not regularly reviewed by the CODM and are therefore not classified as operating segments or included in the regional
reportable segment amounts. These activities include natural gas, as well as other miscellane ous business activities that are not
significant to Generation 's overall operating revenues or results of operations. Further , Generatio n’s unrealized mark-to-market gains
and losses on economi c hedging activities and its amortization of certain intangible assets and liabilities relating to commodity
contracts recorded at fair value from mergers and acquisitions are also excluded from the regional reportable segment amounts.
Exelon and Generation do not use a measure of total assets in making decisions regarding allocating resources to or assessing the
performance of these reportable segments.
An analysis and reconciliation of the Registrants’  reportable segment information to the respective information in the consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 is as follows:
Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
Operating revenues:
2020
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 15,060 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,196)$13,864 
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,003 — — — — — (3) 2,000 
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 540 — — — — — (4) 536 
Rate-regulated electric
revenues — 5,904 2,543 2,336 4,485 — (61) 15,207 
Rate-regulated natural
gas revenues — — 515 762 162 — (7) 1,432 
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 16 2,035 (2,051) — 
Total operating
revenues $ 17,603 $ 5,904 $ 3,058 $3,098 $ 4,663 $ 2,035 $ (3,322)$33,039 
2019
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 16,285 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,165)$15,120 
Competitive
businesses natural
gas revenues 2,148 — — — — — (1) 2,147 
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 491 — — — — — (4) 487 
Rate-regulated electric
revenues — 5,747 2,490 2,379 4,626 — (47) 15,195 
Rate-regulated natural
gas revenues — — 610 727 167 — (15) 1,489 
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 13 1,921 (1,934) — 
Total operating
revenues $ 18,924 $ 5,747 $ 3,100 $3,106 $ 4,806 $ 1,921 $ (3,166)$34,438 (a)
(b)
257
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
2018
Competitive
businesses electric
revenues $ 17,411 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1,256)$16,155 
Competitive
businesses natural gas
revenues 2,718 — — — — — (8) 2,710 
Competitive
businesses other
revenues 308 — — — — — (5) 303 
Rate-regulated electric
revenues — 5,882 2,470 2,428 4,602 — (45) 15,337 
Rate-regulated natural
gas revenues — — 568 741 181 — (20) 1,470 
Shared service and
other revenues — — — — 15 1,948 (1,960) 3 
Total operating
revenues $ 20,437 $ 5,882 $ 3,038 $3,169 $ 4,798 $ 1,948 $ (3,294)$35,978 
Intersegment revenues:
2020 $ 1,211 $ 37 $ 9 $ 20 $ 17 $ 2,024 $ (3,314)$ 4 
2019 1,172 30 6 26 14 1,913 (3,159) 2 
2018 1,269 27 8 29 15 1,942 (3,289) 1 
Depreciation and
amortization:
2020 $ 2,123 $ 1,133 $ 347 $ 550 $ 782 $ 79 $ — $ 5,014 
2019 1,535 1,033 333 502 754 95 — 4,252 
2018 1,797 940 301 483 740 92 — 4,353 
Operating expenses:
2020 $ 17,358 $ 4,950 $ 2,512 $2,598 $ 4,045 $ 2,047 $ (3,270)$30,240 
2019 17,628 4,580 2,388 2,574 4,084 1,996 (3,154) 30,096 
2018 19,510 4,741 2,452 2,696 4,156 1,929 (3,341) 32,143 
Interest expense, net:
2020 $ 357 $ 382 $ 147 $ 133 $ 268 $ 351 $ (3)$ 1,635 
2019 429 359 136 121 263 308 — 1,616 
2018 432 347 129 106 261 279 — 1,554 
Income (loss) before
income taxes:
2020 $ 836 $ 615 $ 417 $ 390 $ 418 $ (343)$ — $ 2,333 
2019 1,917 851 593 439 514 (327) (2) 3,985 
2018 365 832 466 387 425 (249) (1) 2,225 
Income taxes:
2020 $ 249 $ 177 $ (30)$ 41 $ (77)$ 13 $ — $ 373 
2019 516 163 65 79 38 (87) — 774 
2018 (108) 168 6 74 33 (55) — 118 
Net income (loss):
2020 $ 579 $ 438 $ 447 $ 349 $ 495 $ (354)$ — $ 1,954 
2019 1,217 688 528 360 477 (240) (2) 3,028 (a)
(c)
258
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI OtherIntersegment
Eliminations Exelon
2018 443 664 460 313 393 (193) (1) 2,079 
Capital expenditures:
2020 $ 1,747 $ 2,217 $ 1,147 $1,247 $ 1,604 $ 86 $ — $ 8,048 
2019 1,845 1,915 939 1,145 1,355 49 — 7,248 
2018 2,242 2,126 849 959 1,375 43 — 7,594 
Total assets:
2020 $ 48,094 $34,466 $12,531 $11,650 $ 23,736 $9,005 $ (10,165)$129,317 
2019 48,995 32,765 11,469 10,634 22,719 8,484 (10,089) 124,977 
__________
(a)Other primarily includes Exelon’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investment activities.
(b)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(c)Intersegment revenues exclude sales to unconsolidated affiliates. The intersegment profit associated with Generation’s sale of certain products
and services by and between Exelon’s segments is not eliminated in consolidation due to the recognition of intersegment profit in accordance
with regulatory accounting guidance. For Exelon, these amounts are included in Operating revenues in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 25 - Related Party Transactions for additional information on intersegment revenues.(a)
259
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
PHI:
Pepco DPL ACE OtherIntersegment
Eliminations PHI
Operating revenues:
2020
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,149 $ 1,109 $ 1,245 $ — $ (18)$ 4,485 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 162 — — — 162 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 372 (356) 16 
Total operating revenues $ 2,149 $ 1,271 $ 1,245 $ 372 $ (374)$ 4,663 
2019
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,260 $ 1,139 $ 1,240 $ — $ (13)$ 4,626 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 167 — — — 167 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 396 (383) 13 
Total operating revenues $ 2,260 $ 1,306 $ 1,240 $ 396 $ (396)$ 4,806 
2018
Rate-regulated electric revenues $ 2,232 $ 1,151 $ 1,236 $ — $ (17)$ 4,602 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 181 — — — 181 
Shared service and other revenues — — — 435 (420) 15 
Total operating revenues $ 2,232 $ 1,332 $ 1,236 $ 435 $ (437)$ 4,798 
Intersegment revenues:
2020 $ 7 $ 9 $ 4 $ 372 $ (375)$ 17 
2019 5 7 3 396 (397) 14 
2018 6 8 3 435 (437) 15 
Depreciation and amortization:
2020 $ 377 $ 191 $ 180 $ 34 $ — $ 782 
2019 374 184 157 39 — 754 
2018 385 182 136 37 — 740 
Operating expenses:
2020 $ 1,799 $ 1,120 $ 1,123 $ 378 $ (375)$ 4,045 
2019 1,899 1,089 1,089 403 (396) 4,084 
2018 1,919 1,143 1,087 442 (435) 4,156 
Interest expense, net:
2020 $ 138 $ 61 $ 59 $ 10 $ — $ 268 
2019 133 61 58 10 1 263 
2018 128 58 64 11 — 261 
Income (loss) before income taxes:
2020 $ 259 $ 100 $ 71 $ (12)$ — $ 418 
2019 259 169 99 (13) — 514 
2018 216 142 87 (20) — 425 
Income taxes:
2020 $ (7)$ (25)$ (41)$ (4)$ — $ (77)
2019 16 22 — — — 38 
2018 11 22 12 (12) — 33 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(d)
260
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Pepco DPL ACE OtherIntersegment
Eliminations PHI
Net income (loss):
2020 $ 266 $ 125 $ 112 $ (8)$ — $ 495 
2019 243 147 99 (12) — 477 
2018 205 120 75 (7) — 393 
Capital expenditures:
2020 $ 773 $ 424 $ 401 $ 6 $ — $ 1,604 
2019 626 348 375 6 — 1,355 
2018 656 364 335 20 — 1,375 
Total assets:
2020 $ 9,264 $ 5,140 $ 4,286 $ 5,079 $ (33)$23,736 
2019 8,661 4,830 3,933 5,335 (40) 22,719 
__________
(a)Other primarily includes PHI’s corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investment activities.
(b)Includes gross utility tax receipts from customers. The offsetting remittance of utility taxes to the governing bodies is recorded in expenses in the
Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information for
additional information on total utility taxes.
(c)Includes intersegment revenues with ComEd, BGE, and PECO, which are eliminated at Exelon.
(d)The Income (loss) before income taxes in Other and Intersegment Eliminations have been adjusted by an offsetting $489 million and $408
million in 2019 and 2018, respectively, and Total assets amounts in Other and Intersegment Eliminations have been adjusted by an offsetting
$5.7 billion in 2019 for consistency with the Exelon consolidating disclosure above.
The following tables disaggregate the Registrants' revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how
the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. For Generation, the
disaggregation of revenues reflects Generation's two primary products of power sales and natural gas sales, with further
disaggregation of power sales provided by geographic region. For the Utility Registrants, the disaggregation of revenues reflects the
two primary utility services of rate-regulated electric sales and rate-regulated natural gas sales (where applicable), with further
disaggregation of these tariff sales provided by major customer groups. Exelon's disaggreg ated revenues are consistent with
Generation and the Utility Registrants, but exclude any intercompany revenues.
Competitive Business Revenues (Generation):
 2020
Revenues from external customers
 Contracts with
customers Other TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 4,785  $ (168)$ 4,617  $ 28 $ 4,645  
Midwest 3,717  312 4,029  (5) 4,024  
New York 1,444  (12) 1,432  (1) 1,431  
ERCOT 735 198 933 25 958 
Other Power Regions 3,586  463 4,049  (47) 4,002  
Total Competitive Businesses Electric Revenues $ 14,267  $ 793 $ 15,060  $ — $ 15,060  
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas Revenues 1,283  720 2,003  — 2,003  
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues 355 185 540 — 540 
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 15,905  $ 1,698  $ 17,603  $ — $ 17,603  (a)
(d)
(a)
(b)
(c)
261
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
 2019
Revenues from external customers
 Contracts with
customers Other TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,053  $ 17 $ 5,070  $ 4 $ 5,074  
Midwest 4,095  232 4,327  (34) 4,293  
New York 1,571  25 1,596  — 1,596  
ERCOT 768 229 997 16 1,013  
Other Power Regions 3,687  608 4,295  (49) 4,246  
Total Competitive Businesses Electric Revenues $ 15,174  $ 1,111  $ 16,285  $ (63)$ 16,222  
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas Revenues 1,446  702 2,148  62 2,210  
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues 440 51 491 1 492 
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 17,060  $ 1,864  $ 18,924  $ — $ 18,924  
 2018
Revenues from external customers
 Contracts with
customers Other TotalIntersegment
Revenues Total Revenues
Mid-Atlantic $ 5,241  $ 233 $ 5,474  $ 13 $ 5,487  
Midwest 4,527  190 4,717  (11) 4,706  
New York 1,723  (36) 1,687  — 1,687  
ERCOT 572 560 1,132  1 1,133  
Other Power Regions 3,530  871 4,401  (66) 4,335  
Total Competitive Businesses Electric Revenues $ 15,593  $ 1,818  $ 17,411  $ (63)$ 17,348  
Competitive Businesses Natural Gas Revenues 1,524  1,194  2,718  62 2,780  
Competitive Businesses Other Revenues 510 (202) 308 1 309 
Total Generation Consolidated Operating
Revenues $ 17,627  $ 2,810  $ 20,437  $ — $ 20,437  
__________
(a)Includes all wholesale and retail electric sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Includes revenues from derivatives and leases.
(c)Represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Includes unrealized mark-to-market gains
of $110 million and losses of $4 million and $262 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively, and the
elimination of intersegment revenues.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
262
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense (Generation):
 2020 2019 2018
 RNF from
external
customersIntersegment
RNFTotal
RNFRNF from
external
customersIntersegment
RNFTotal
RNFRNF from
external
customersIntersegment
RNFTotal
RNF
Mid-Atlantic $ 2,174 $ 30 $2,204 $ 2,637 $ 18 $2,655 $ 3,022 $ 51 $3,073 
Midwest 2,902 — 2,902 2,994 (32) 2,962 3,112 23 3,135 
New York 983 14 997 1,081 13 1,094 1,112 10 1,122 
ERCOT 407 19 426 338 (30) 308 501 (243) 258 
Other Power
Regions 759 (94) 665 694 (74) 620 883 (154) 729 
Total RNF for
Reportable
Segments $ 7,225 $ (31)$7,194 $ 7,744 $ (105)$7,639 $ 8,630 $ (313)$8,317 
Other 793 31 824 324 105 429 114 313 427 
Total Generation
RNF $ 8,018 $ — $8,018 $ 8,068 $ — $8,068 $ 8,744 $ — $8,744 
__________ 
(a)Includes purchases and sales from/to third parties and affiliated sales to the Utility Registrants.
(b)Other represents activities not allocated to a region. See text above for a description of included activities. Primarily includes:
• unrealized mark-to-market gains of $295 million and losses of $215 million and $319 million for the years ended December 31, 2020,
2019, and 2018, respectively;
• accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the announced early plant retirements as discussed in Note 7 - Early Plant
Retirements of $60 million, $13 million, and $57 million in for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively; and
• the elimination of intersegment RNF.(a) (a) (a)
(b)
263
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
Electric and Gas Revenue by Customer Class (Utility Registrants):
2020
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues
Residential $ 3,090 $ 1,656 $ 1,345 $ 2,332 $ 988 $ 652 $ 692 
Small commercial & industrial 1,399 386 241 472 132 171 169 
Large commercial & industrial 515 228 406 1,001 736 89 176 
Public authorities & electric railroads 45 29 27 60 34 13 13 
Other 884 225 309 613 218 190 207 
Total rate-regulated electric revenues $ 5,933 $ 2,524 $ 2,328 $ 4,478 $ 2,108 $ 1,115 $ 1,257 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 361 $ 504 $ 96 $ — $ 96 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 126 79 42 — 42 — 
Large commercial & industrial — — 135 4 — 4 — 
Transportation — 24 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 4 29 6 — 6 — 
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues $ — $ 515 $ 747 $ 162 $ — $ 162 $ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers $ 5,933 $ 3,039 $ 3,075 $ 4,640 $ 2,108 $ 1,277 $ 1,257 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ (47)$ 16 $ 16 $ 21 $ 40 $ (7)$ (12)
Other rate-regulated electric revenues 18 3 5 2 1 1 — 
Other rate-regulated natural gas revenues — — 2 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ (29)$ 19 $ 23 $ 23 $ 41 $ (6)$ (12)
Total rate-regulated revenues for reportable
segments $ 5,904 $ 3,058 $ 3,098 $ 4,663 $ 2,149 $ 1,271 $ 1,245 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
264
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2019
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues
Residential $ 2,916 $ 1,596 $ 1,326 $ 2,316 $ 1,012 $ 645 $ 659 
Small commercial & industrial 1,463 404 254 505 149 186 170 
Large commercial & industrial 540 219 436 1,112 833 99 180 
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 29 27 61 34 14 13 
Other 888 249 321 650 227 204 218 
Total rate-regulated electric revenues $ 5,854 $ 2,497 $ 2,364 $ 4,644 $ 2,255 $ 1,148 $ 1,240 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 409 $ 474 $ 96 $ — $ 96 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 169 77 44 — 45 — 
Large commercial & industrial — 1 132 5 — 5 — 
Transportation — 25 — 14 — 14 — 
Other — 6 31 7 — 7 — 
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues $ — $ 610 $ 714 $ 166 $ — $ 167 $ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues from
contracts with customers $ 5,854 $ 3,107 $ 3,078 $ 4,810 $ 2,255 $ 1,315 $ 1,240 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ (133)$ (21)$ 12 $ (14)$ (3)$ (11)$ — 
Other rate-regulated electric revenues 26 13 12 10 8 2 — 
Other rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 1 4 — — — — 
Total other revenues $ (107)$ (7)$ 28 $ (4)$ 5 $ (9)$ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues for reportable
segments $ 5,747 $ 3,100 $ 3,106 $ 4,806 $ 2,260 $ 1,306 $ 1,240 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
265
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 5 — Segment Information
2018
Revenues from contracts with customers ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rate-regulated electric revenues
Residential $ 2,942 $ 1,566 $ 1,382 $ 2,351 $ 1,021 $ 669 $ 661 
Small commercial & industrial 1,487 404 257 488 140 186 162 
Large commercial & industrial 538 223 429 1,124 846 100 178 
Public authorities & electric railroads 47 28 28 58 32 14 12 
Other 867 243 327 593 193 175 227 
Total rate-regulated electric revenues $ 5,881 $ 2,464 $ 2,423 $ 4,614 $ 2,232 $ 1,144 $ 1,240 
Rate-regulated natural gas revenues
Residential $ — $ 395 $ 491 $ 99 $ — $ 99 $ — 
Small commercial & industrial — 143 77 44 — 44 — 
Large commercial & industrial — 1 124 8 — 8 — 
Transportation — 23 — 16 — 16 — 
Other — 6 63 13 — 13 — 
Total rate-regulated natural gas
revenues $ — $ 568 $ 755 $ 180 $ — $ 180 $ — 
Total rate-regulated revenues from contracts
with customers $ 5,881 $ 3,032 $ 3,178 $ 4,794 $ 2,232 $ 1,324 $ 1,240 
Other revenues
Revenues from alternative revenue
programs $ (29)$ (7)$ (26)$ (7)$ (7)$ 4 $ (4)
Other rate-regulated electric revenues 30 12 13 10 7 3 — 
Other rate-regulated natural gas revenues — 1 4 1 — 1 — 
Total other revenues $ 1 $ 6 $ (9)$ 4 $ — $ 8 $ (4)
Total rate-regulated revenues for reportable
segments $ 5,882 $ 3,038 $ 3,169 $ 4,798 $ 2,232 $ 1,332 $ 1,236 
__________
(a)Includes revenues from transmission revenue from PJM, wholesale electric revenue and mutual assistance revenue.
(b)Includes operating revenues from affiliates in 2020, 2019, and 2018 respectively of:
• $37 million, $30 million, and $27 million at ComEd
• $8 million, $5 million, and $7 million at PECO
• $10 million, $8 million, and $8 million at BGE
• $17 million, $14 million, and $15 million at PHI
• $7 million, $5 million, and $6 million at Pepco
• $9 million, $7 million, and $8 million at DPL
• $4 million, $3 million, and $3 million at ACE
(c)Includes revenues from off-system natural gas sales.
(d)Includes operating revenues from affiliates in 2020, 2019, and 2018 respectively of:
• $1 million, $1 million, and $1 million at PECO
• $10 million, $18 million, and $21 million at BGE
(e)Includes late payment charge revenues.(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(e)
266
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
6. Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
Allowance for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivable (All Registrants)
The following table presents the rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses on Customer Accounts Receivable for the year ended
December 31, 2020.
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December
31, 2019 $ 243 $ 80 $ 59 $ 55 $ 12 $ 37 $ 13 $ 11 $ 13 
Plus: Current Period
Provision for Expected
Credit Losses 248 13 62 79 30 64 24 15 25 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of
recoveries 69 5 24 18 7 15 5 4 6 
Less: Sale of customer
accounts receivable 56 56 — — — — — — — 
Balance as of December
31, 2020 $ 366 $ 32 $ 97 $ 116 $ 35 $ 86 $ 32 $ 22 $ 32 
_________
(a)For the Utility Registrants, the increase is primarily as a result of increased aging of receivables, the temporary suspension of customer
disconnections for non-payment, temporary cessation of new late payment fees, and reconnection of service to customers previously
disconnected due to COVID-19.
(b)Recoveries were not material to the Registrants.
(c)See below for additional information on the sale of customer accounts receivable at Generation in the second quarter of 2020.
The followin g table presents the rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses on Other Accou nts Receivable for the year ended
December 31, 2020.
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance as of December
31, 2019 $ 48 $ — $ 20 $ 7 $ 5 $ 16 $ 7 $ 4 $ 5 
Plus: Current Period
Provision for Expected
Credit Losses 33 — 5 3 7 18 6 5 7 
Less: W rite-of fs, net of
recoveries 10 — 4 2 3 1 — — 1 
Balance as of December
31, 2020 $ 71 $ — $ 21 $ 8 $ 9 $ 33 $ 13 $ 9 $ 11 
_________
(a)Recoveries were not material to the Registrants.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
267
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
Unbilled Customer Revenue (All Registrants)
The followin g table provides additional informa tion about unbilled customer revenues recorde d in the Registrants' Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.
Unbilled customer revenues
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020 $ 998 $ 258 $ 218 $ 147 $ 197 $ 178 $ 87 $ 62 $ 29 
December 31, 2019 1,535  807 218 146 170 194 100 61 33 
_________
(a)Unbilled customer revenues are classified in Customer accounts receivables, net in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Sales of Customer Accounts Receivable (Exelon and Generation)
On April 8, 2020, NER, a bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity , which is wholly-owned by Generation, entered into a revolving
accounts receivable financing arrangement with a number of financial institutions and a commercial paper conduit (the Purchasers)
to sell certain customer accounts receivable (the Facility). The Facility , whose maximum capacity is $750 million, is scheduled to
expire on April 7, 2021, unless renewed by the mutual consent of the parties in accordance with its terms. Under the Facility , NER
may sell eligible short-te rm customer accounts receivable to the Purchasers in exchange for cash and subordinated interest. The
transfers are reported as sales of receivables in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s consolidated finan cial statements. The subordinated
interest in collections upon the receivables sold to the Purchasers is referred to as the DPP, which is reflected in Other current
assets on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
On April 8, 2020, Generation derecognized and transferred approximately $1.2 billion of receivables at fair value to the Purchasers in
exchange for approximately $500 millio n in cash purchase price and $650 millio n of DPP. On February 17, 2021, Generation
received additional cash of $ 250 million from the Purchasers for the remaining capacity in the Facility .
The following table summarizes the impact of the sale of certain receivables:
As of December 31, 2020
Derecognized receivables transferred at fair value $ 1,139  
Cash proceeds received 500 
DPP 639 
_________
(a)Includes additional customer accounts receivable sold into the Facility of $6,608 million since the start of the financing agreement.
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Loss on sale of receivables $ 30 
_________
(a)Reflected in Operating and maintenance expense on Exelon and Generation's Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive
Income.
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Proceeds from new transfers $ 2,816  
Cash collections received on DPP 3,771  
Cash collections reinvested in the Facility 6,587  
Generation’ s risk of loss following the transfer of accounts receivable is limited to the DPP outstanding. Payment of DPP is not
subject to significant risks other than delinquencies and credit losses on accounts receivable transferred, which have historically
been and are expected to be immaterial. Generation continues to service the receivables sold in exchange for a servicing fee.
Generation did not record a servicing asset or liability as the servicing fees were immaterial.(a)
(a)
(a)
268
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 6 — Accounts Receivable
Generation recognizes the cash proceeds received upon sale in Net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flow s. The collection and reinvestment of DPP is recognized in Net cash provided by investing activities of the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
See Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities for additional information.
Other Purchases and Sales of Customer and Other Accounts Receivables (All Registrants)
Generation is required, under supplier tariffs in ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO, and PJM, to sell custo mer and other receivables to utility
companies, which include the Utility Registrants. The Utility Registrants are required, under separate legislation and regulations in
Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland, District of Columbia, and New Jersey , to purchase certain receivables from alternative retail electric
and, as applicable, natural gas suppliers that participate in the utilities' consolidated billing. The following tables present the total
receivables purchased and sold for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Total Receivables
Purchased $3,529  $ — $1,094  $1,020  $ 652 $1,015  $ 622 $ 207 $ 186 
Total Receivables Sold 572 824 — — — — — — — 
Related Party
Transactions:
Receivables
purchased from
Generation — — 34 67 79 72 51 13 8 
Receivables sold to
the Utility Registrants — 252 — — — — — — — 
7. Early Plant Retirements (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation continuously evaluate factors that affect the current and expected economic value of Generation’ s plants,
including, but not limited  to: market power prices, results of capacity auctions, potential legislativ e and regulatory solutions to ensure
plants are fairly compensated for benefits they provide through their carbon-free emissions, reliability , or fuel security , and the impact
of potential rules from the EPA requiring reduction of carbon and other emissions and the efforts of states to implement those final
rules. The precise timing of an early retirement date for any plant, and the resulting financial statement impacts, may be affected by
many factors, including the status of potential regulatory or legislative solutions, results of any transmission system reliability study
assessments, the nature of any co-owner require ments and stipulations, and NDT fund requirements for nuclear plants, among other
factors. However , the earliest retirement date for any plant would usually be the first year in which the unit does not have capacity or
other obligations, and where applicable, just prior to its next scheduled nuclear refueling outage.
Nuclear Generation
In 2015 and 2016, Generation identified the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear plants in Illinois, Ginna and Nine Mile Point nuclear
plants in New York, and TMI nuclear plant in Pennsylvania as having the greatest risk of early retirement based on economic
valuation and other factors. In 2017, PSEG made public similar financial challenges facing its New Jersey nuclear plants, including
Salem, of which Genera tion owns a 42.59 % ownership interest. PSEG is the operator of Salem and also has the decision-making
authority to retire Salem.
Assuming the continued effectiveness of the Illinois ZES, New Jersey ZEC program, and the New York CES, Generation and CENG,
through its ownership of Ginna and Nine Mile Point, no longer consider Clinton, Quad Cities, Salem, Ginna, or Nine Mile Point to be
at heightene d risk for early retirement. However , to the extent the Illinois ZES, New Jersey ZEC program, or the New York CES do
not operate as expected over their full terms,
269
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements
each of these plants, in addition to FitzPatrick, would be at heightened risk for early retirement, which could have a material impact
on Exelon’s and Generation’ s future financial statements. In addition, FERC’ s December 19, 2019 order on the MOPR in PJM may
undermine the continued effectiveness of the Illinois ZES and the New Jersey ZEC progra m unless Illinois and New Jersey
implement an FRR mechanism under which the Generation plants in these states would be removed from PJM’ s capacity auction.
See Note 3 — Regulato ry Matters for additiona l information on the Illinois ZES, New Jersey ZEC program, New York CES, and
FERC's December 19, 2019 order on the MOPR in PJM.
In Pennsylvania, the TMI nuclear plant did not clear in the May 2017 PJM capacity auction for the 2020-2021 planning year, the third
consecutive year that TMI failed to clear the PJM base residual capacity auction and on May 30, 2017, based on these capacity
auction results, prolonged periods of low wholes ale power prices, and the absence of federal or state policies that place a value on
nuclear energy for its ability to produce electri city without air pollution, Generation announce d that it would permanently cease
generation operations at TMI. On September 20, 2019, Generation permanently ceased generation operations at TMI.
Generation’ s Dresden, Byron, and Braidwood nuclear plants in Illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, in a
market that does not currently compensate them for their unique contribution to grid resiliency and their ability to produce large
amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. The May 2018 PJM capacity auction for the 2021-2022 planning year resulted in
the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in the auction, including all of Dresden, and portions of Byron and
Braidwood. While all of LaSalle's capacity did clear in the 2021-2022 planning year auction, Generation has become increasingly
concerned about the economic viability of this plant as well in a landscape where energy market prices remain depressed and
energy market rules remain fatally flawed.
On August 27, 2020, Generation announced that it intends to permanently cease generation operations at Byron in September 2021
and at Dresden in Novem ber 2021. The current NRC licenses for Byron Units 1 and 2 expire in 2044 and 2046, respectively , and the
licenses for Dresden Units 2 and 3 expire in 2029 and 2031, respectively .
As a result of the decision to early retire Byron and Dresden, Exelon and Generation recognized certain one-time charges for the
year ended December 31, 2020 related to mate rials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments , employee-related costs, including
severance benefit costs further discussed below , and construction work-in-progress impairments, among other items. In addition, as
a result of the decisions to early retire Byron and Dresden, there are ongoing annual financial impacts stemming from shortening the
expected economic useful lives of these nuclear plants primarily related to accelerated depreci ation of plant assets (including any
ARC), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and changes in ARO accretion expense associated with the changes in
decommissioning timing and cost assumptions to reflect an earlier retirement date. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for
additional information on changes to the nuclear decommissioning ARO balance and Note 12 — Asset Impairments for impairment
assessment considerations given to the Midwe st asset group as a result of the early retirem ent decision. The total impact on
Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income is summarized in the table below .
Income statement expense (pre-tax) 2020 2019 2018
Depreciation and amortization
     Accelerated depreciation $ 895 $ 216 $ 539 
     Accelerated nuclear fuel amortization 60 13 57 
Operating and maintenance
     One-time charges 255 — 32 
     Other charges 34 (53) — 
     Contractual of fset (364) — — 
Total $ 880 $ 176 $ 628 
_________
(a)Reflects expense for Byron and Dresden.
(b)Reflects expense for TMI.
(c)Reflects expense for TMI and Oyster Creek.
(d)Includes the accelerated depreciation of plant assets including any ARC.(a) (b) (c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
270
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements
(e)For Dresden, reflects the net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the ARO. For TMI, primarily reflects the net impacts associated with
the remeasurement of the ARO. See Note 10 - Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information.
(f)Reflects contractual offset for ARO accretion, ARC depreciation, and net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the ARO. For Byron and
Dresden, based on the regulatory agreement with the ICC, decommissioning-related activities in 2020 have been offset within Exelon's and
Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The offset in 2020 resulted in an equal adjustment to the
noncurrent payables to ComEd at Generation and an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at ComEd. See Note 10 - Asset Retirement
Obligations for additional information.
Severance benefit costs will be provided to employees impacted by the early retirements of Byron and Dresden, to the extent they
are not redeployed to other nuclear plants. For the year ended December 31, 2020, Exelon and Generation recorded severance
expense of $81 millio n within Operati ng and maintenance expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income. The final amount of severance benefit costs will depend on the specific employees severed.
The following table provides the balance sheet amounts as of December 31, 2020 for Exelon's and Generation's significant assets
and liabilities associated with the Braidwood and LaSalle nuclear plants. Current depreciation provisions are based on the estimated
useful lives of these nuclear generating stations, which reflect the first renewal of the operating licenses.
Braidwood LaSalle Total
Asset Balances
Materials and supplies inventory , net $ 84 $ 106 $ 190 
Nuclear fuel inventory , net 120 285 405 
Completed plant, net 1,397  1,590  2,987  
Construction work in progress 31 30 61 
Liability Balances
Asset retirement obligation (570) (954) (1,524 )
NRC License First Renewal Term 2046 (Unit 1) 2042 (Unit 1)
2047 (Unit 2) 2043 (Unit 2)
Exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state policy solutions, while also advocating for broader market reforms at the
regional and federal level. The absence of such  solutions or reforms could result in future impairments of the Midwest asset group,
or accelerated depreciation for specific plants over their shortened estimated useful lives, both of which could have a material
unfavorable impact on Exelon's and Generation's future results of operations.
Other Generation
In March 2018, Generat ion notified ISO-NE of its plans to early retire, among other assets, the Mystic Generating Station's units 8
and 9 (Mysti c 8 and 9) absent regulatory reforms  to properly value reliability and regional fuel security . Thereafter , ISO-NE identified
Mystic 8 and 9 as being needed to ensure fuel security for the region and entered into a cost of service agreement with these two
units for the period between June 1, 2022 - May 31, 2024. The agreement was approved by the FERC in December 2018.
On June 10, 2020, Gene ration filed a complaint with FERC against ISO-NE stating that ISO-NE  failed to follow its tariff with respect
to its evalua tion of Mystic 8 and 9 for transmissio n security for the 2024 to 2025 Capacity Commitment Period (FCA  15) and that the
modifications that ISO-NE made to its unfiled planning procedures to avoid retaining Mystic 8 and 9 should have been filed with
FERC for approval. On August 17, 2020, FERC  issued an order denying the complaint. As a result, on August 20, 2020, Exelon
determined that Generation will permanently cease generation operations at Mystic 8 and 9 at the expiration of the cost of service
commitment in May 2024. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional discussion of Mystic’ s cost of service agreement.
As a result of the decisio n to early retire Mystic 8 and 9, Exelon and Generation recognized $22 million of one-time charges for the
year ended December 31, 2020, related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustmen ts, among other items. In addition,
there are annual financia l impacts stemming from shortening the expected economic useful life of Mystic 8 and 9 primarily related to
accelerated depreciation of plant assets.
271
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements
Exelon and Generation recorded incremental Depreciation and amortization expense of $26 million for the year ende d December 31,
2020. See Note 12 — Asset Impairments for impairment assessment considerations of the New England Asset Group.
8. Property , Plant, and Equipment (All Registrants)
The following tables present a summary of property , plant, and equipment by asset category as of December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Asset Category Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020
Electric—transmission and
distribution $ 60,946 $ — $29,371 $ 9,462 $ 8,797 $15,137 $10,264 $4,730 $4,568 
Electric—generation 29,725 29,724 — — — — — — — 
Gas—transportation and
distribution 6,733 — — 3,098 3,315 591 — 751 — 
Common—electric and
gas 2,170 — — 956 1,138 178 — 180 — 
Nuclear fuel 5,399 5,399 — — — — — — — 
Construction work in
progress 3,576 450 799 474 627 1,174 824 163 182 
Other property, plant, and
equipment 762 11 59 34 29 108 65 23 28 
Total property, plant,
and equipment 109,311 35,584 30,229 14,024 13,906 17,188 11,153 5,847 4,778 
Less: accumulated
depreciation 26,727 13,370 5,672 3,843 4,034 1,811 3,697 1,533 1,303 
Property, plant, and
equipment, net $ 82,584 $ 22,214 $24,557 $10,181 $ 9,872 $15,377 $ 7,456 $4,314 $3,475 
December 31, 2019
Electric—transmission and
distribution $ 56,809 $ — $27,566 $ 8,957 $ 8,326 $13,809 $ 9,734 $4,464 $4,207 
Electric—generation 29,839 29,839 — — — — — — — 
Gas—transportation and
distribution 6,147 — — 2,899 2,999 525 — 690 — 
Common—electric and
gas 1,907 — — 877 991 146 — 160 — 
Nuclear fuel 5,656 5,656 — — — — — — — 
Construction work in
progress 3,055 702 662 250 483 921 628 125 166 
Other property, plant and
equipment 799 13 47 27 25 108 64 21 27 
Total property, plant
and equipment 104,212 36,210 28,275 13,010 12,824 15,509 10,426 5,460 4,400 
Less: accumulated
depreciation 23,979 12,017 5,168 3,718 3,834 1,213 3,517 1,425 1,210 
Property, plant, and
equipment, net $ 80,233 $ 24,193 $23,107 $ 9,292 $ 8,990 $14,296 $ 6,909 $4,035 $3,190 
__________
(a)Includes nuclear fuel that is in the fabrication and installation phase of $939 million and $1,025 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively.
(b)Primarily composed of land and non-utility property.
(c)Includes accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel in the reactor core at Generation of $2,774 million and $2,867 million as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
272
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
The following table presents the average service life for each asset category in number of years:
Average Service Life (years)
Asset Category Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Electric - transmission and distribution 5-80 N/A 5-80 5-70 5-80 5-75 5-75 5-70 5-65
Electric - generation 1-58 1-58 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas - transportation and distribution 5-80 N/A N/A 5-70 5-80 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Common - electric and gas 4-75 N/A N/A 5-55 4-50 5-75 N/A 5-75 N/A
Nuclear fuel 1-8 1-8 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Other property, plant, and equipment 1-50 1-10 33-50 50 20-50 3-50 25-50 8-50 13-15
Depreciation provisions are based on the estim ated useful lives of the stations, which reflect the first renewal of the operating
licenses for all of Generation's operating nuclear generating stations except for Clinton, Byron, Dresden, and Peach Bottom. Clinton
depreciation provisions are based on an estimat ed useful life through 2027, which is the last year of the Illinois ZES. Peach Bottom
depreciation provisions are based on estimated  useful life of 2053 and 2054 for Unit 2 and Unit 3, respectively , which reflects the
second renewal of its operating licenses. Beginning August 2020, Byron, Dresden, and Mystic depreciation provisions were based
on their announced shutdown dates of September 2021, November 2021, and May 2024, respectively . See Note 3 — Regulatory
Matters for additional information regarding license renewals and the Illinois ZECs and Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for
additional information on the impacts of early plant retirements.
The following table presents the annual depreciation rates for each asset category . Nuclear fuel amortization is charged to fuel
expense using the unit-of-production method and not included in the below table.
Annual Depreciation Rates
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.79 % N/A 2.95 % 2.31 % 2.69 % 2.81 % 2.53 % 2.85 % 3.08 %
Electric—generation 6.11 % 6.11 % N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.14 % N/A N/A 1.85 % 2.56 % 1.50 % N/A 1.50 % N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.01 % N/A N/A 6.39 % 7.45 % 7.36 % N/A 6.72 % N/A
December 31, 2019
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.80 % N/A 2.99 % 2.36 % 2.60 % 2.77 % 2.47 % 2.86 % 2.94 %
Electric—generation 4.35 % 4.35 % N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.04 % N/A N/A 1.89 % 2.30 % 1.55 % N/A 1.55 % N/A
Common—electric and gas 7.37 % N/A N/A 6.06 % 8.30 % 8.25 % N/A 6.24 % N/A
December 31, 2018
Electric—transmission and distribution 2.73 % N/A 2.95 % 2.35 % 2.61 % 2.61 % 2.40 % 2.77 % 2.45 %
Electric—generation 5.37 % 5.37 % N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Gas—transportation and distribution 2.07 % N/A N/A 1.90 % 2.36 % 1.59 % N/A 1.59 % N/A
Common—electric and gas 6.98 % N/A N/A 5.44 % 8.50 % 6.30 % N/A 3.70 % N/A
273
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 8 — Property , Plant, and Equipment
Capitalized Interest and AFUDC (All Registrants)
The following table summarizes capitalized interest and credits to AFUDC by year:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020
Capitalized interest $ 22 $ 22 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
AFUDC debt and equity 150 — 42 23 30 55 42 6 7 
December 31, 2019
Capitalized interest $ 24 $ 24 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
AFUDC debt and equity 132 — 32 17 29 54 39 6 9 
December 31, 2018
Capitalized interest $ 31 $ 31 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
AFUDC debt and equity 109 — 30 12 24 44 34 4 4 
See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding property , plant and equipment policies. See Note
17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information regarding Exelon’ s, ComEd’ s, PECO's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE’ s
property , plant and equipment subject to mortgage liens.
9. Jointly Owned Electric Utility Plant (Exelon, Generation, PECO, DPL, and ACE)
Exelon's, Generation's, PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's material undivided ownership interests in jointly owned electric plants and
transmission facilities at December 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Nuclear Generation Transmission
Quad CitiesPeach
Bottom SalemNine Mile Point Unit
2 NJ/DE
Operator Generation GenerationPSEG
Nuclear Generation PSEG/DPL
Ownership interest 75.00  % 50.00  % 42.59  % 82.00  % various
Exelon’s share at December 31, 2020:
Plant in service $ 1,188  $ 1,506  $ 717 $ 990 $ 103 
Accumulated depreciation 670 601 265 187 54 
Construction work in progress 13 13 39 25 — 
Exelon’s share at December 31, 2019:
Plant in service $ 1,161  $ 1,466  $ 663 $ 951 $ 102 
Accumulated depreciation 627 571 249 156 53 
Construction work in progress 13 21 53 27 — 
__________
(a)PECO, DPL, and ACE own a 42.55%, 1%, and 13.9% share, respectively in 151.3 miles of 500kV lines located in New Jersey and of the Salem
generating plant substation. PECO, DPL, and ACE also own a 42.55%, 7.45%, and 7.45% share, respectively, in 2.5 miles of 500kV line located
over the Delaware River. ACE also has a 21.78% share in a 500kV New Freedom Switching substation.
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's undivided ownership interests are financed with their funds and all operations are
accounted for as if such participating interests were wholly owned facilities. Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO's, DPL's, and ACE's share
of direct expenses of the jointly owned plants are included in Purchased power and fuel and Operating and maintenance expenses
in Exelon’ s and Gene ration’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and in Operating and
maintenance expenses in PECO's, PHI's, DPL's, and ACE's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
274
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
10. Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Nuclear Decommissioning Asset Retirement Obligations (Exelon and Generation)
Generation has a legal obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants following the expir ation of their operating licenses. To
estimate its decommissioning obligation related to its nuclear generating stations for financial accounting and reporting purposes,
Generation uses a probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple outcome
scenarios that include significant estimates and assumptions, and are based on decommissioning cost studies, cost escalation rates,
probabilistic cash flow models, and discount rates. Generation updates its ARO annually unless circumstances warrant more
frequent updates, based on its review of update d cost studies and its annual evaluation of cost escalation factors and probabilities
assigned to various scenarios. Generation began decommissioning the TMI nuclear plant upon permanently ceasing operations in
2019. See below section for decommissioning of Zion Station.
The financial statement impact for changes in the ARO, on an individual unit basis, due to the changes in and timing of estimated
cash flows generally result in a corresponding change in the unit’s ARC within Property , plant, and equipment on Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the ARO decreases for a Non-Regulatory Agreement unit without any remaining ARC,
the correspo nding change is recorded as decrease in Operating and maintenance expense  within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
The following table provides a rollforward of the nuclear decommissioning ARO reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated
Balance Sheets, from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020:
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at January 1, 2019 $ 10,005  
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows 864 
Sale of Oyster Creek (755)
Accretion expense 479 
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (89)
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at December 31, 2019 10,504  
Net increase due to changes in, and timing of, estimated future cash flows 1,022  
Accretion Expense 489 
Costs incurred related to decommissioning plants (93)
Nuclear decommissioning ARO at December 31, 2020 $ 11,922  
__________
(a)Includes $80 million and $112 million as the current portion of the ARO at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which is included in Other
current liabilities in Exelon’s and Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The net $1,022  million increase in the ARO during 2020 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decommissioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year . These adjustments primarily include:
•A net increa se of approximately $800 million was driven by updates to Byron and Dresden reflecting changes in assumed
retirement dates and assumed methods of decommissioning as a result of the announcement to early retire these plants in
2021. Refer to Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements for additional information.
•An increase of approxim ately $360 million resulting from the change in the assumed DOE spent fuel acceptance date for
disposal from 2030 to 2035.
•A decrease of approximately $220 million due to lower estimated decommissioning costs primarily for Limerick and Peach
Bottom nuclear units resulting from the completion of updated cost studies.
The 2020 ARO updates resulted in a increa se of $60 million in Operating and maintenance expense for the year ended
December 31, 2020 within Exelon and Generation's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
275
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
The net $864 million increase in the ARO during 2019 for changes in the amounts and timing of estimated decommissioning cash
flows was driven by multiple adjustments throughout the year , some with of fsetting impacts. These adjustments primarily include:
•An increase of approximately $780 million for changes in the assumed retirement timing probabilities for sites including
certain economically challenged nuclear plants and the extension of Peach Bottom’ s operating life.
•An increase of approximately $490 million for other impacts that included updated cost escalation rates, primarily for labor ,
equipment and materials, and current discount rates.
•Lower estimated costs to decommission TMI, Nine Mile Point, Ginna, Braidwood, Byron, and LaSalle nuclear units of
approximately $ 410 million resulting from the completion of updated cost studies.
The 2019 ARO updates resulted in a decrea se of $150 million in Operating and maintenance expense for the year ended
December 31, 2019 within Exelon and Generatio n's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note
7 — Early Plant Retirem ents for additional information regarding TMI and economically challe nged nuclear plants and Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters regarding the Peach Bottom second license renewal.
NDT Funds
NDT funds have been established for each generation station unit to satisfy Generation’ s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
Generally , NDT  funds established for a particular unit may not be used to fund the decommissioning obligations of any other unit.
The NDT funds associat ed with Generation's nuclear units have been funded with amounts collected from the previous owners and
their respective utility customers. PECO is authorized to collect funds, in revenues, for decomm issioning the former PECO nuclear
plants through regulated rates, and these collections are scheduled through the operating lives of the former PECO plants. The
amounts collected from PECO customers are remitted to Generation and deposited into the NDT funds for the unit for which funds
are collected. Every five years, PECO files a rate adjustment with the PAPUC that reflects PECO’ s calculations of the estimated
amount needed to decommission each of the former PECO units based on updated fund balances  and estimated decommissioning
costs. The rate adjustme nt is used to determine the amount collectible from PECO customers. On March 31, 2017, PECO filed its
Nuclear Decommissioni ng Cost Adjustment with the PAPUC proposing an annual recovery from customers of approximately $4
million. This amount reflects a decrease from the previously approved annual collection of approximately $24 million primarily due to
the removal of the collections for Limerick Units 1 and 2 as a result of the NRC approving the extension of the operating licenses for
an additional 20 years. On August 8, 2017, the P APUC approved the filing and the new rates became ef fective January 1, 2018.
Any shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning, determined for each generating statio n unit, is ultimately required to be
funded by Generation, with the exception of a shortfall for the current decommissioning activities at Zion Station, where certain
decommissioning activities have been transferred to a third-party (see Zion Station Decommissioning below) and the CENG units,
where any shortfall is required to be funded by both Generation and EDF. Generation, throu gh PECO, has recourse to collect
additional amounts from PECO customers relate d to a shortfall of NDT funds for the former PECO units, subject to certain limitations
and threshol ds, as prescribed by an order from the PAPUC. Generally , PECO, and likewise Generation will not be allowed to collect
amounts associated with the first $50 million of any shortfall of trust funds compared to decommissioning costs, as well as 5% of any
additional shortfalls, on an aggregate basis for all former PECO units. The initial $50 million and up to 5% of any additional shortfalls
would be borne by Generation. No recourse exists to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of Generation's other
nuclear units . With respect to the former ComEd  and PECO units, any funds remaining in the NDTs after all decommissioning has
been comple ted are required to be refunded to ComEd’ s or PECO’ s customers, subject to certain limitations that allow sharing of
excess funds with Gene ration related to the former PECO units. With respect to Generation's other nuclear units, Generation retains
any funds remaining after decommissioning. However , in connection with CENG's acquisition  of the Nine Mile Point and Ginna
plants and settlements with certain regulatory agencies, CENG is subject to certain conditions pertaining to NDT funds that, if met,
could possib ly result in obligations to make payments to certain third parties (clawbacks). For Nine Mile Point and Ginna, the
clawback provisions are triggered only in the event
276
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
that the required decom missioning activities are discontinued or not started or completed in a timely manner . In the event that the
clawback provisions are triggered for Nine Mile Point, then, depending upon the triggering event, an amount equal to 50% of the
total amount  withdrawn from the funds for non-d ecommissioning activities or 50% of any excess funds in the trust funds above the
amounts required for decommissioning (including spent fuel management and decommissioning ) is to be paid to the Nine Mile Point
sellers. In the event that the clawback provisions are triggered for Ginna, then an amount equal to any estimated cost savings
realized by not completing any of the required decommissioning activities is to be paid to the Ginna sellers. Generation expects to
comply with applicable regulations and timely commence and complete all required decommissioning activities.
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon and Generation had NDT funds totaling $14,599  million  and $13,353  million, respectively .
The NDT funds include $134 million and $163 million for the current portion of the NDT at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively , which are included in Other current assets in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 24 —
Supplemental Financial Information for additional information on activities of the NDT  funds.
Accounting Implications of the Regulatory Agreements with ComEd and PECO
Based on the regulatory agreements with the ICC and PAPUC that dictate Generation’ s obligations related to the shortfall or excess
of NDT funds necessary  for decommissioning the former ComEd units on a unit-by-unit basis and the former PECO units in total,
decommissioning-related activities net of applicable taxes, including realized and unrealized gains and losses on the NDT funds,
depreciation of the ARC, and accretion of the decommissioning obligation, are generally offset within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statement s of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are recorded by Generation and the corresponding
regulated utility as a component of the intercomp any and regulatory balances on the balance sheet. For the purposes of making this
determination, the decommissioning obligation referred to is different, as described below , from the calculation used in the NRC
minimum funding obligation filings based on NRC guidelines.
For the former PECO units, given the symmetric  settlement provisions that allow for continued recovery of decommissioning costs
from PECO customers in the event of a shortfa ll and the obligation for Generation to ultimately return any excess funds to PECO
customers (on an aggregate basis for all seven units), decommissioning-related activities are generally offset within Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income regardless of whether the NDT funds are
expected to exceed or fall short of the total estimated decommissioning obligation. The offset of decommissioning-related activities
within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent
payables or noncurrent receivables to affiliates at Generation with PECO recording an equal noncurrent affiliate receivable from or
payable to Generation and a corresponding regulatory liability or regulatory asset. Any changes to the existing PECO regulatory
agreements could impact Exelon’ s and Generation’ s ability to offset decommissioning-related activities within the Consolidated
Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, and the impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements could be
material.
For the former ComEd units, given no further recovery from ComEd customers is permitted and Generation retains an obligation to
ultimately return any unused NDT s to ComEd customers (on a unit-by-unit basis), to the extent the related NDT  investment balances
are expected to exceed the total estimated decommissioning obligation for each unit, the of fset of decommissioning-related activities
within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income results with Generation recognizing an intercompany
payable to ComEd while ComEd records an intercompany receivable from Generation with a corresponding regulatory liability .
However , given the asymmetric settlement provision that does not allow for continued recovery from ComEd customers in the event
of a shortfall, recognition of a regulatory asset at ComEd is not permissible and accounting for decommissioning-related activities at
Generation for that unit would not be of fset, and the impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income could be material during such periods.
As of December 31, 2020, decommissioning-rel ated activities for all of the former ComEd units, except for Zion (see Zion Station
Decommissioning below ), are currently offset within Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
277
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
The decomm issioning-related activities related to the Non-Regulatory Agreement Units are reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 25 — Related Party Transactions for addition al information regarding regulatory
liabilities at ComEd and PECO and intercompany balances between Generation, ComEd, and PECO reflecting the obligation to
refund to customers any decommissioning-related assets in excess of the related decommissioning obligations.
Zion Station Decommissioning
In 2010, Generation completed an ASA under which ZionSolutions assumed responsibility for decommissioning Zion Station and
Generation transferred to ZionSolutions substantially all the Zion Station’ s assets, including the related NDT  funds.
Following ZionSolutions' completion of its contractual obligations and transfer of the NRC license to Generation, Generation will
store the SNF at Zion Station until it is transferred to the DOE for ultimate disposal, and will comp lete all remaining decommissioning
activities associated with the SNF dry storage facility .
Generation had retained  its obligation for the SNF as well as certain NDT assets to fund its obligation to maintain the SNF at Zion
Station until transfer to the DOE and to complete all remaining decommissioning activities for the SNF storage facility . Any shortage
of funds necessary to maintain the SNF and decommission the SNF storage facility is ultimately required to be funded by
Generation. As of Dece mber 31, 2020, the ARO associated with Zion's SNF storage facility is $175 millio n and the NDT funds
available to fund this obligation are $ 66 million.
NRC Minimum Funding Requirements
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in specified minimum amounts to decommission the facility at the end of its life. The estimat ed decommissioning obligations as
calculated using the NRC methodology differ from the ARO recorded in Generation’ s and Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets
primarily due to differen ces in the type of costs included in the estimates, the basis for estim ating such costs, and assumptions
regarding the decommissioning alternatives to be used, potential license renewals, decommissioning cost escalation, and the growth
rate in the NDT funds. Under NRC regulations, if the minimum funding requirements calculated under the NRC methodology are less
than the future value of the NDT funds, also calculated under the NRC methodology , then the NRC requires either further funding or
other financial guarantees.
Key assumptions used in the minimum funding calculation using the NRC methodology at December 31, 2020 include:
(1) considera tion of costs only for the removal of radiological contamination at each unit; (2) the option on a unit-by-unit basis to use
generic, non-site specific  cost estimates; (3) consideration of only one decommissioning scenario for each unit; (4) the plants cease
operation at the end of their current license lives (with no assumed license renewals for those units that have not already received
renewals); (5) the assum ption of current nominal dollar cost estimates that are neither escalate d through the anticipated period of
decommissioning, nor discounted using the CAR FR; and (6) assumed annual after-tax returns on the NDT funds of 2% (3% for the
former PECO units, as specified by the P APUC).
In contrast, the key criteria and assumptions used by Generation to determine the ARO and to forecast the target growth in the NDT
funds at December 31, 2020 include: (1) the use of site specific cost estimates that are updated  at least once every five years; (2)
the inclusio n in the ARO estimate of all legally unavoidable costs required to decommission the unit (e.g., radiological
decommissioning and full site restoration for certain units, on-site spent fuel maintenance and storage subsequent to ceasing
operations and until DOE acceptance, and disposal of certain LLRW); (3) the consideration of multiple scenarios where
decommissioning and site restoration activities, as applicable, are completed under possible scenarios ranging from 10 to 70 years
after the cessation of plant operations; (4) the consideration of multiple end of life scenarios; (5) the measurement of the obligation at
the present value of the future estimated costs and an annual average accretion of the ARO of approximately 4% through a period of
approximately 30 years after the end of the extended lives of the units; and (6) an estimated targeted annual pre-tax return on the
NDT funds of 5.6% to 6.1% (as compared to a historical 5-year annual average pre-tax return of approximately 9.0%).
278
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired or are within five
years of the current approved license life), based on values as of December 31, addressing Generation’ s ability to meet the NRC
minimum funding levels. Depending on the value of the trust funds, Generation may be require d to take steps, such as providing
financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making addition al contributions to the trusts, which
could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that NRC minimum funding requirements are met. As a
result, Exelon’ s and Generation’ s cash flows and financial positions may be significantly adversely af fected.
Generation filed its biennial decommissioning funding status report with the NRC on April 1, 2019 for all units, including its shutdown
units, except for Zion Station which is included in a separate report to the NRC submitted by ZionSolutions, LLC. The status report
demonstrated adequate decommissioning fundi ng assurance as of December 31, 2018 for all units except for Clinton and Peach
Bottom Unit 1. As of February 28, 2019, Clinton demonstrated adequate minimum funding assurance due to market recovery and no
further action is required . This demonstration was also included in the April 1, 2019 submittal. On March 31, 2020, Generation filed
its annual decommissioning funding status report with the NRC for Generation’ s shutdown units (excluding Zion Station for the
reason noted above). The annual status report demonstrated adequate decommissioning funding assurance as of December 31,
2019, for all of its shutdown reactors except for Peach Bottom Unit 1. As a former PECO plant, financial assurance for
decommissioning Peach Bottom Unit 1 is provided by the NDT fund, collections from PECO ratepayers, and the ability to adjust
those collec tions in accordance with the approved PAPUC tariff. No additional actions are required aside from the PAPUC filing in
accordance with the tarif f.
Generation will file its next decommissioning funding status report with the NRC by March 31, 2021. This report will reflect the status
of decommissioning funding assurance as of December 31, 2020 and will include the 2021 early  retirements of Byron and Dresden.
A shortfall could require Exelon to post parental guarantee for Generation’ s share of the funding assurance. However , the amount of
any required guarantee will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach adopted at Byron and Dresden, the associated
level of costs, and the decommissioning trust fund investment performance going forward.
As the future values of trust funds change due to market conditions, the NRC minimum funding status of Generation’ s units will
change. In addition, if changes occur to the regulatory agreement with the PAPUC that currently allows amounts to be collected from
PECO custo mers for decommissioning the former PECO units, the NRC minimum funding status of those plants could change at
subsequent NRC filing dates.
Non-Nuclear Asset Retirement Obligations (All Registrants)
Generation has AROs for plant closure costs associated with its fossil and renewable generating facilities, including asbestos
abatement, removal of certain storage tanks, restoring leased land to the condition it was in prior to construction of renewable
generating stations and other decommissioning-related activities. The Utility Registrants have AROs primarily associated with the
abatement and disposal of equipment and build ings contaminated with asbestos and PCBs. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting
Policies for additional information on the Registrants’  accounting policy for AROs. 
279
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations
The following table provides a rollforward of the non-nuclear AROs reflected in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets from
January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Non-nuclear AROs at January 1,
2019 $471 $ 238 $121 $ 28 $25 $52 $ 37 $11 $ 4 
Net increase (decrease) due to
changes in, and timing of, estimated
future cash flows 17 7 8 — (2) 4 3 1 — 
Development projects 2 2 — — — — — — — 
Accretion expense 16 12 1 1 1 1 1 — — 
Asset divestitures (42) (42) — — — — — — — 
Payments (4) (1) (1) (1) (1) — — — — 
Non-nuclear AROs at December 31,
2019 460 216 129 28 23 57 41 12 4 
Net increase (decrease) due to
changes in, and timing of, estimated
future cash flows 7 2 — 2 1 1 (3) 2 2 
Development projects 1 1 — — — — — — — 
Accretion expense 16 11 1 1 1 1 1 — — 
Asset divestitures (4) (4) — — — — — — — 
Payments (9) (4) (1) (2) (2) — — — — 
AROs reclassified to liabilities held for
sale (10) (10) — — — — — — — 
Non-nuclear AROs at December 31,
2020 $461 $ 212 $129 $ 29 $23 $59 $ 39 $14 $ 6 
__________
(a)For ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL, the majority of the accretion is recorded as an increase to a regulatory asset due to the
associated regulatory treatment.
(b)Represents AROs related to Generation's solar business, which were classified as held for sale as a result of the sale agreement. See Note 2 —
Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information.
11. Leases  (All Registrants)
Lessee
The Registrants have operating and finance leases for which they are the lessees. The following  tables outline the significant types
of leases at each registrant and other terms and conditions of the lease agreements as of December 31, 2020. Exelon, Generation,
ComEd, PECO, and BGE did not have material finance leases in 2020 or in 2019. PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE also did not have
material finance leases in 2019.
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Contracted generation ● ●
Real estate ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
Vehicles and equipment ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
(in years) Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms 1-85 1-35 1-4 1-13 1-85 1-11 1-11 1-11 1-7
Options to extend the term 2-30 2-30 5 N/A N/A 3-30 5 3-30 5
Options to terminate within 1-12 1-4 2 N/A 1 N/A N/A N/A N/A(a)
(a)
(b)
280
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
The components of operating lease costs were as follows:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Operating lease costs $ 292 $ 194 $ 3 $ 1 $ 33 $ 46 $ 11 $ 13 $ 6 
Variable lease costs 241 234 1 — 1 2 1 1 — 
Short-term lease costs 2 2 — — — — — — — 
Total lease costs $ 535 $ 430 $ 4 $ 1 $ 34 $ 48 $ 12 $ 14 $ 6 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Operating lease costs $ 320 $ 222 $ 3 $ 1 $ 33 $ 48 $ 12 $ 14 $ 7 
Variable lease costs 300 282 2 — 2 6 2 2 1 
Short-term lease costs 19 19 — — — — — — — 
Total lease costs $ 639 $ 523 $ 5 $ 1 $ 35 $ 54 $ 14 $ 16 $ 8 
__________
(a)Excludes $48 million, $44 million, $4 million, and $4 million of sublease income recorded at Exelon, Generation, PHI, and DPL, respectively, for
the year ended December 31, 2020 and $51 million, $44 million, $7 million, and $7 million of sublease income recorded at Exelon, Generation,
PHI, and DPL, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2019.
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE recorded finance lease costs of $9 million, $3 million, $4 million, and $2 million, respectively , for the year
ended December 31, 2020.
The followin g table presents the Registrants' rental expense under the prior lease accoun ting guidance for the year ended
December 31, 2018:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Rent expense $ 670 $ 558 $ 7 $ 10 $ 35 $ 48 $ 10 $ 13 $ 8 
__________
(a)Includes contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements that are not included in the minimum future
operating lease payments table. Payments made under Generation's contracted generation lease agreements totaled $493 million.(a)
(a)
(a)
281
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
The following tables provide additional information regarding the presentation of operating and finance lease ROU assets and lease
liabilities within the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Operating Leases
Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020
Operating lease ROU assets
Other deferred debits and other
assets$1,064 $ 726 $ 7 $ 1 $ 46 $241 $ 49 $ 54 $ 15 
Operating lease liabilities
Other current liabilities 213 132 3 — 45 31 6 9 4 
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities1,089 775 5 1 19 224 46 56 11 
Total operating lease liabilities $1,302 $ 907 $ 8 $ 1 $ 64 $255 $ 52 $ 65 $ 15 
As of December 31, 2019
Operating lease ROU assets
Other deferred debits and other
assets$1,305 $ 895 $ 9 $ 2 $ 77 $273 $ 56 $ 63 $ 18 
Operating lease liabilities
Other current liabilities 225 157 3 — 32 31 6 9 4 
Other deferred credits and other
liabilities1,307 925 8 1 50 254 51 65 14 
Total operating lease liabilities $1,532 $ 1,082 $ 11 $ 1 $ 82 $285 $ 57 $ 74 $ 18 
__________
(a)Exelon's and Generation's operating ROU assets and lease liabilities include $387 million and $528 million, respectively, related to contracted
generation as of December 31, 2020, and $515 million and $664 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020
Finance lease ROU assets
Plant, property and equipment, net $ 50 $ 17 $ 20 $ 13 
Finance lease liabilities
Long-term debt due within one year 7 2 3 2 
Long-term debt 43 15 17 11 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 50 $ 17 $ 20 $ 13 
The weighted average remaining lease terms, in years, for operating and finance leases were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020 10.1 10.5 3.8 4.2 8.3 8.2 9.1 9.1 4.0
As of December 31, 2019 10.1 10.6 4.6 4.4 5.4 9.0 9.8 9.7 4.7(a) (a)
282
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020 6.5 6.3 6.5 6.5
The weighted average discount rates for operating and finance leases were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020 4.7 % 4.9 % 3.0 % 2.9 % 3.8 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.5 %
As of December 31, 2019 4.6 % 4.8 % 3.0 % 3.2 % 3.6 % 4.2 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 3.6 %
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020 2.5 % 2.6 % 2.4 % 2.4 %
Future minimum lease payments for operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2020 were as follows:
Operating Leases
Year Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2021 $ 239 $ 145 $ 3 $ 1 $ 46 $ 40 $ 8 $ 11 $ 5 
2022 177 113 2 — 16 39 8 10 4 
2023 146 100 1 — 1 38 7 9 3 
2024 141 98 1 — — 36 6 8 2 
2025 140 99 1 — — 33 6 7 2 
Remaining years 834 640 — — 18 120 28 35 — 
Total 1,677 1,195 8 1 81 306 63 80 16 
Interest 375 288 — — 17 51 11 15 1 
Total operating lease
liabilities $1,302 $ 907 $ 8 $ 1 $ 64 $ 255 $ 52 $ 65 $ 15 
Finance Leases
Year PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2021 $ 8 $ 3 $ 3 $ 2 
2022 8 3 3 2 
2023 8 3 3 2 
2024 8 3 3 2 
2025 8 3 3 2 
Remaining years 13 3 6 4 
Total 53 18 21 14 
Interest 3 1 1 1 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 50 $ 17 $ 20 $ 13 
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating and finance lease liabilities were as follows:
Operating cash flows from operating leases
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended
December 31, 2020$ 271 $ 204 $ 3 $ 1 $ 20 $ 39 $ 8 $ 9 $ 4 
For the year ended
December 31, 2019287 206 3 — 33 37 9 6 5 
283
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 11 — Leases
Financing cash flows from finance leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020 $ 6 $ 2 $ 3 $ 1 
ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating and finance lease obligations were as follows:
Operating Leases
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended
December 31, 2020$ 1 $ 3 $ — $ 1 $ — $ (1)$ — $ (1)$ — 
For the year ended
December 31, 201952 14 6 — 2 (3) (1) (2) (1)
Finance Leases
PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020 $ 29 $ 8 $ 14 $ 7 
Lessor
The Registrants have operating leases for which they are the lessors. The following tables outline the significant types of leases at
each registrant and other terms and conditions of their lease agreements as of December 31, 2020.
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Contracted generation ● ●
Real estate ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●
(in years) Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Remaining lease terms 1-82 1-31 1-16 1-82 22 1-12 1-5 11-12 1
Options to extend the term 1-79 1-5 5-79 5-50 N/A 5 N/A N/A N/A
The components of lease income were as follows:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December
31, 2020
Operating lease income $ 52 $ 47 $ — $ — $ — $ 3 $ — $ 3 $ — 
Variable lease income 283 282 — — — 1 — 1 — 
For the year ended December
31, 2019
Operating lease income $ 54 $ 47 $ — $ — $ — $ 5 $ — $ 4 $ — 
Variable lease income 261 258 — — — 3 — 3 — 
Future minimum lease payments to be recovered under operating leases as of December 31, 2020 were as follows:
Year Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2021 $ 51 $ 45 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 $ 1 $ 3 $ — 
2022 50 45 — — — 4 — 3 — 
2023 49 45 — — — 4 — 4 — 
2024 49 45 — — — 3 — 3 — 
2025 48 45 — — — 4 — 4 — 
Remaining years 217 182 1 4 1 31 — 31 — 
Total $ 464 $ 407 $ 1 $ 4 $ 1 $ 50 $ 1 $ 48 $ — 
284
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 12 — Asset Impairments
12. Asset Impairments (Exelon and Generation)
The Registrants evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. Indic ators of impairment may include a
deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, specific regulatory
disallowance, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life. The Registrants determine if long-
lived assets or asset groups are impaired by comparing the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value. When the
undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is
determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. The fair value
analysis is primarily base d on the income approach using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) including revenue and generation
forecasts, projected capital and maintenance expenditures and discount rates. A variation in the assumptions used could lead to a
different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could potentially result in material future
impairments of the Registrant's long-lived assets.
Antelope V alley Solar Facility
Generation’ s Antelope Valley, a 242 MW solar facility in Lancaster , CA, sells all of its output to PG&E through a PPA. As a result of
the PG&E bankruptcy filing in the first quarter of 2019, Generation completed a comprehensive review of Antelope Valley's estimated
undiscounted future cash flows and no impairment charge was recorded.
The United States Bankruptcy Court entered an order on June 20, 2020 confirming PG&E’ s plan of reorganization. On July 1, 2020
the plan became effective, and PG&E emerged from bankruptcy . Under the confirmed plan, PG&E will continue to honor the existing
PPA agreement with Antelope V alley.
See Note 17 - Debt and Credit Agreements for additional informatio n.
New England Asset Group
During the first quarter of 2018, Mystic Unit 9 did not clear in the ISO-NE capacity auction for the 2021 - 2022 planning year. On
March 29, 2018, Gener ation notified grid operator ISO-NE of its plans to early retire its Mystic Units 8 and 9 absent regulatory
reforms on June 1, 2022 . These events suggest ed that the carrying value of the New England asset group may be impaired. In the
first quarter of 2018, Generation completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscou nted future cash flows of the New
England asset group and no impairment charge was required.
In the third quarter of 2020, in conjunction with the retirement announcement of Mystic Units 8 and 9, Generation completed a
comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the New England asset group and concluded that the
estimated undiscounted future cash flows and fair value of the New England asset group were less than their carrying values. As a
result, a pre-tax impairm ent charge of $500 millio n was recorded in the third quarter of 2020 within Operating and maintenance
expense in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensi ve Income. See Note 7 - Early Plant
Retirements for additional information.
Midwest Asset Group
In the third quarter of 2020, in conjunction with the retirement announcements of the Byron and Dresden nuclear plants, Generation
completed a comprehen sive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the Midwest asset group and no impai rment
charge was required.
Generation will continue to monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of the Midwest asset group as certain other nuclear plants
in Illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, which could lead to an early retirement. See Note 7 - Early Plant
Retirements for additional information.
Equity Method Investments in Certain Distributed Energy Companies
In the third quarter of 2019, Generation’ s equity method investments in certain distributed energy  companies were fully impaired due
to an other-than-temporary decline in market conditions and underperforming projects.
285
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 12 — Asset Impairments
Exelon and Generation recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $164 million in Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates and an
offsetting pre-tax $96 million in Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in their Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income. As a result, Generation accelerated the amortization of investment tax credits associated with these
companies and Exelon and Generation record ed a benefit of $46 million in Income taxes. The impairment charge and the
accelerated amortization  of investment tax credits resulted in a net $15 million decrease to Exelon’s and Generation’ s earnings. See
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities for additional information.
13. Intangible Assets (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE)
Goodwill
The following table presents the gross amount, accumulated impairment loss, and carrying amount of goodwill at Exelon, ComEd,
and PHI as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. There were no additions or impairment s during the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019.
Gross AmountAccumulated
Impairment Loss Carrying Amount
Exelon $ 8,660  $ 1,983  $ 6,677  
ComEd 4,608  1,983  2,625  
PHI 4,005  — 4,005  
__________
(a)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2000 from the PECO/Unicom merger (predecessor parent company of ComEd).
(b)Reflects goodwill recorded in 2016 from the PHI merger.
Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an assessment for impairment at least annually , or more frequently if events occur or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of ComEd's and PHI's reporting units below their carrying
amounts. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level
at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. A component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a
business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment
management. ComEd has a single operating segment. PHI's operating segments are Pepc o, DPL, and ACE. See Note 5 —
Segment Information for additional information. There is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are
regularly reviewed by segment management. Therefore, the ComEd, Pepco, DPL, and ACE operating segments are also considered
reporting units for goodwill impairment assessment purposes. Exelon's and ComEd's $2.6 billion of goodwill has been assigned
entirely to the ComEd reporting unit, while Exelon's and PHI's $4.0 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the Pepco, DPL, and
ACE reporting units in the amounts of $ 2.1 billion, $ 1.4 billion, and $ 0.5 billion, respectively .
Entities asse ssing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative assessment is necessary . As part of the qualitative assessments, Exelon, ComEd, and PHI evaluate, among other
things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent
regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer EBITDA
multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed. If an entity bypasses the qualitative
assessment, a quantitative, fair value-based assessment is performed, which compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its
carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the entity recognizes an
impairment charge, which is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
Application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and
determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash
flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. Significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth
rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for ComEd's, Pepco's, DPL's,
and ACE's businesses, and the fair value of debt.(a)
(b)
286
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Intangible Assets
2020 and 2019 Goodw ill Impairment Assessment. ComEd and PHI qualitatively determined that it was more likely than not that
the fair values of their reporting units exceeded their carrying values and, therefore, did not perform quantitative assessments as of
November 1, 2020 and 2019 for ComEd and PHI. The last quantitative assessments performed were as of November 1, 2016 for
ComEd and November 1, 2018 for PHI.
While the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly
sensitive to changes. Adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments
of Exelon's, ComEd's, and PHI’ s goodwill, which could be material.
Other Intangible Assets and Liabilities
Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, ComEd’ s, and PHI's other intangible assets and liabilities, included in Unamortized energy contract assets
and liabilitie s and Other deferred debits and other assets in their Consolidated Balance Sheets, consisted of the following as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019. The intangible assets and liabilities shown below are amortized on a straight line basis, except for
unamortized energy contracts which are amortized in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows:
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net GrossAccumulated
Amortization Net
Generation
Unamortized Energy Contracts $1,963  $ (1,642 )$ 321 $1,967  $ (1,612 )$ 355 
Customer Relationships 326 (215) 111 343 (190) 153 
Trade Name 222 (197) 25 243 (193) 50 
ComEd
Chicago Settlement Agreements 162 (162) — 162 (155) 7 
PHI
Unamortized Energy Contracts (1,515 ) 1,188  (327) (1,515 ) 1,073  (442)
Exelon Corporate
Software License 95 (53) 42 95 (44) 51 
Exelon $1,253  $ (1,081 )$ 172 $1,295  $ (1,121 )$ 174 
The following table summarizes the amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities for each of the years ended
December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018:
For the Years Ended December 31, Exelon Generation ComEd PHI
2020 $ (17)$ 81 $ 7 $ (115)
2019 (28) 74 7 (119)
2018 (109) 63 7 (188)
__________
(a)At Exelon and Generation, amortization of unamortized energy contracts totaling $30 million, $21 million, and $14 million for the years ended
December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively, was recorded in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense in their
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(b)At Exelon and PHI, amortization of the unamortized energy contract fair value adjustment amounts and the corresponding offsetting regulatory
asset and liability amounts are amortized through Purchased power and fuel expense in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2020:
For the Years Ending December 31, Exelon Generation PHI
2021 $ (1)$ 81 $ (92)
2022 (22) 57 (89)
2023 (20) 51 (81)
2024 20 48 (38)
2025 40 41 (5)(a)(b) (a) (b)
287
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 13 — Intangible Assets
Renewable Energy Credits (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s RECs are included in Other current assets and Other deferred debits and other assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchased RECs are recorded at cost on the date they are purchased. The cost of RECs purchased
on a stand-alone basis is based on the transaction price, while the cost of RECs acquired through PPAs represents the difference
between the total contract price and the market price of energy at contract inception. Generally , revenue for RECs that are sold to a
counterparty under a contract that specifically identifies a power plant is recognized at a point in time when the power is produced.
This includes both bund led and unbundled REC  sales. Otherwise, the revenue is recognized upon physical transfer of the REC to
the customer .
The following table presents the current and noncurrent RECs as of December 31, 2020 and 2019:
As of December 31, 2020 As of December 31, 2019
Exelon Generation Exelon Generation
Current REC's $ 632 $ 621 $ 345 $ 336 
Noncurrent REC's — — 86 86 
14. Income T axes (All Registrants)
Components of Income T ax Expense or Benefit
Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations is comprised of the following components:
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $ 26 $ 130 $ (24)$ (7)$ 4 $ 25 $ 40 $(13)$ (4)
Deferred 156 150 112 1 10 (129) (62) (20) (43)
Investment tax credit amortization (28) (25) (2) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current 42 40 (27) — — (5) — — — 
Deferred 177 (46) 118 (24) 27 33 15 8 6 
Total $373 $ 249 $ 177 $(30)$41 $ (77)$ (7)$(25)$(41)
For the Year Ended December 31, 2019
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $ 85 $ 147 $ 59 $ 45 $(51)$ 43 $ 16 $ 29 $(3)
Deferred 489 346 15 20 95 (34) (6) (21) (6)
Investment tax credit amortization (72) (69) (2) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current 5 10 (5) — — 3 — — — 
Deferred 267 82 96 — 35 27 6 14 9 
Total $774 $ 516 $ 163 $ 65 $79 $ 38 $ 16 $ 22 $— 
288
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
 Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Included in operations:
Federal
Current $226 $ 337 $ (63)$ 11 $(5)$ (4)$ 28 $ (3)$(14)
Deferred (99) (347) 145 10 47 23 (22) 13 18 
Investment tax credit amortization (24) (21) (2) — — (1) — — — 
State
Current (1) 6 (29) 1 — 7 — — — 
Deferred 16 (83) 117 (16) 32 8 5 12 8 
Total $118 $ (108)$ 168 $ 6 $74 $ 33 $ 11 $ 22 $12 
Rate Reconciliation
The ef fective income tax rate from continuing operations varies from the U.S. federal statutory rate principally due to the following:
For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 7.8 0.5 11.6 (4.5) 5.5 5.1 4.5 6.6 7.0 
Qualified NDT fund income 8.4 23.5 — — — — — — — 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement
payments 1.8 — 6.8 — — — — — — 
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes
on basis difference (1.1) (2.6) (0.3) — (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) (0.5)
Plant basis differences (4.0) — (0.6) (18.7) (1.5) (1.6) (1.7) (0.4) (3.0)
Production tax credits and other
credits (2.2) (5.4) (0.3) — (0.4) (0.3) (0.3) (0.3) (0.5)
Noncontrolling interests 1.1 3.2 — — — — — — — 
Excess deferred tax amortization (13.6) — (11.2) (4.6) (13.9) (42.0) (25.4) (51.7) (82.1)
Tax settlements (3.7) (10.3) — — — — — — — 
Other 0.5 (0.1) 1.8 (0.4) (0.1) (0.4) (0.7) 0.1 0.4 
Effective income tax rate 16.0 % 29.8 % 28.8 % (7.2)% 10.5 % (18.4)% (2.7)% (25.0)% (57.7)%
For the Year Ended December 31, 2019
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 5.4 3.8 8.5 — 6.4 4.7 2.0 6.8 7.0 
Qualified NDT fund income 5.9 12.3 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes on
basis difference (1.5) (3.0) (0.2) — (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.2) (0.3)
Plant basis differences (1.4) — — (7.2) (1.2) (1.2) (1.8) (0.4) (0.7)
Production tax credits and other
credits (3.1) (4.8) (1.2) — (1.3) (0.2) (0.1) — (0.1)
Noncontrolling interests (0.6) (1.2) — — — — — — — 
Excess deferred tax amortization (5.5) — (9.7) (2.8) (6.8) (17.5) (15.1) (14.2) (27.0)
Other (0.8) (1.2) 0.8 — — 0.8 0.3 — 0.1 
Effective income tax rate 19.4 % 26.9 % 19.2 % 11.0 % 18.0 % 7.4 % 6.2 % 13.0 % — %(a)
(b) (c) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d)
(a)
289
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
For the Year Ended December 31, 2018
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) due to:
State income taxes, net of
Federal income tax benefit 0.5 (16.6) 8.3 (2.6) 6.6 2.9 2.0 6.7 7.4 
Qualified NDT fund income (1.9) (11.8) — — — — — — — 
Amortization of investment tax
credit, including deferred taxes on
basis difference (1.2) (6.5) (0.2) (0.1) (0.1) (0.2) (0.1) (0.3) (0.4)
Plant basis differences (3.5) — (0.2) (14.1) (1.3) (1.6) (2.8) (0.3) (0.5)
Production tax credits and other
credits (2.2) (13.5) — — — — — — — 
Noncontrolling interests (1.0) (6.1) — — — — — — — 
Excess deferred tax amortization (8.3) — (9.1) (3.2) (8.0) (14.8) (15.3) (12.0) (14.9)
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 0.9 2.7 (0.1) — — 0.1 — — — 
Other 1.0 1.3 0.5 0.3 0.9 0.4 0.3 0.4 1.2 
Effective income tax rate 5.3 % (29.5)% 20.2 % 1.3 % 19.1 % 7.8 % 5.1 % 15.5 % 13.8 %
__________
(a)Positive percentages represent income tax expense. Negative percentages represent income tax benefit.
(b)At ComEd, the higher effective tax rate is primarily related to the nondeductible Deferred Prosecution Agreement payments. See Note 19 —
Commitments and Contingencies for additional information.
(c)At PECO, the negative effective tax rate is primarily related to an increase in plant basis differences attributable to tax repair deductions related
to an increase in storms and qualifying projects.
(d)At BGE, the lower effective tax rate, and at PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE, the negative effective tax rate is primarily attributable to accelerated
amortization of transmission related income tax regulatory liabilities as a result of regulatory settlements. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for
additional information.(a)
290
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
Tax Differences and Carryforwards
The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards, which give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets
(liabilities), as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 are presented below:
As of December 31, 2020
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences $(13,868 )$ (2,592 )$ (4,432 )$(2,131 )$(1,711 )$ (2,822 )$(1,259 )$(806)$ (725)
Accrual based contracts 40 (37) — — — 77 — — — 
Derivatives and other
financial instruments 41 (41) 84 — — 2 — — — 
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 1,559  (236) (288) (30) (33) (80) (74) (40) (7)
Nuclear decommissioning
activities (742) (742) — — — — — — — 
Deferred debt refinancing
costs 169 16 (6) — (2) 131 (3) (1) (1)
Regulatory assets and
liabilities (1,107 ) — 87 (231) 142 (41) 38 67 46 
Tax loss carryforward 286 55 — 47 57 90 4 49 38 
Tax credit carryforward 841 838 — — — — — — — 
Investment in partnerships (835) (813) — — — — — — — 
Other, net 1,070  347 223 104 29 220 107 18 27 
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $(12,546 )$ (3,205 )$ (4,332 )$(2,241 )$(1,518 )$ (2,423 )$(1,187 )$(713)$ (622)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (464) (445) (9) (1) (3) (6) (2) (2) (3)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and unamortized
investment tax credits $(13,010 )$ (3,650 )$ (4,341 )$(2,242 )$(1,521 )$ (2,429 )$(1,189 )$(715)$ (625)
__________
(a)Does not include unamortized investment tax credits reclassified to liabilities held for sale.(a)
291
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
As of December 31, 2019
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Plant basis differences $ (13,413 )$ (2,814 )$ (4,197 )$(1,978 )$(1,578 )$(2,681 )$(1,204 )$(753)$ (687)
Accrual based contracts 61 (43) — — — 104 — — — 
Derivatives and other
financial instruments 165 88 84 — — 2 — — — 
Deferred pension and
postretirement obligation 1,504  (220) (270) (28) (28) (89) (75) (42) (10)
Nuclear decommissioning
activities (503) (503) — — — — — — — 
Deferred debt refinancing
costs 183 20 (7) — (3) 142 (3) (2) (1)
Regulatory assets and
liabilities (884) — 183 (169) 157 (10) 55 88 77 
Tax loss carryforward 240 55 — 25 49 93 13 44 31 
Tax credit carryforward 892 897 — — — — — — — 
Investment in partnerships (830) (808) — — — — — — — 
Other, net 926 236 196 70 10 181 85 12 16 
Deferred income tax liabilities
(net) $ (11,659 )$ (3,092 )$ (4,011 )$(2,080 )$(1,393 )$(2,258 )$(1,129 )$(653)$ (574)
Unamortized investment tax
credits (668) (648) (10) (1) (3) (7) (2) (2) (3)
Total deferred income tax
liabilities (net) and
unamortized investment tax
credits $ (12,327 )$ (3,740 )$ (4,021 )$(2,081 )$(1,396 )$(2,265 )$(1,131 )$(655)$ (577)
The following table provides Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, PECO’ s, BGE’ s, PHI’s, Pepco’ s, DPL’s, and ACE’ s carryforwards, which are
presented on a post-app ortioned basis, and any corresponding valuation allowances as of December 31, 2020. ComEd does not
have net operating losses or credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Exelon Generation PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Federal
Federal general business credits
carryforwards and other
carryforwards $ 858 $ 852 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
State
State net operating losses and other
carryforwards 5,202  1,118  616 902 1,436  63 728 531 
Deferred taxes on state tax
attributes (net) 324 76 49 59 98 4 49 38 
Valuation allowance on state tax
attributes 27 23 1 — — — — — 
Year in which net operating loss or
credit carryforwards will begin to
expire 2034 2034 2032 2033 2029 2029 2032 2031
__________
(a)Generation's state net operating loss carryforwards will begin expiring in 2029. PECO's Pennsylvania charitable contribution carryforwards and
BGE's Maryland charitable deduction and capital loss carryforwards will begin expiring in 2021. ACE's New Jersey tax credit carryforward has
an indefinite carryforward period. These amounts are not material.
Tabular Reconciliation of Unrecognized T ax Benefits
The following table presents changes in unrecognized tax benefits, by Registrant.(a)
292
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Balance at January 1, 2018 $743 $ 468 $ 2 $ — $120 $ 125 $59 $21 $ 14 
Change to positions that only
affect timing 15 15 — — — — — — — 
Increases based on tax
positions prior to 2018 30 21 — — — 8 7 1 — 
Decreases based on tax
positions prior to 2018 (251) (36) — — (120) (88) (66) (22) — 
Decrease from settlements with
taxing authorities (53) (53) — — — — — — — 
Decreases from expiration of
statute of limitations (7) (7) — — — — — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2018 477 408 2 — — 45 — — 14 
Change to positions that only
affect timing 26 12 3 1 4 3 2 1 — 
Increases based on tax
positions related to 2019 2 1 — — — — — — — 
Increases based on tax
positions prior to 2019 34 19 3 2 3 — — — — 
Decreases based on tax
positions prior to 2019 (3) (3) — — — — — — — 
Decrease from settlements with
taxing authorities (29) 4 (2) — — — — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2019 507 441 6 3 7 48 2 1 14 
Change to positions that only
affect timing 6 — 2 3 3 3 1 — 1 
Increases based on tax
positions related to 2020 3 1 — — — — — — — 
Increases based on tax
positions prior to 2020 26 23 1 — — 1 — — — 
Decreases based on tax
positions prior to 2020 (348) (346) — — — — — — — 
Decrease from settlements with
taxing authorities (69) (69) — — — — — — — 
Balance at December 31, 2020 $125 $ 50 $ 9 $ 6 $ 10 $ 52 $ 3 $ 1 $ 15 
__________
(a)Exelon, Generation, BGE, PHI, Pepco, and DPL decreased their unrecognized state tax benefits primarily due to the receipt of favorable
guidance with respect to the deductibility of certain depreciable fixed assets. The recognition of the tax benefits related to BGE, PHI, Pepco, and
DPL was offset by corresponding regulatory liabilities and that portion had no immediate impact to their effective tax rate.
(b)Exelon's and Generation's unrecognized federal and state tax benefits decreased in the first quarter of 2020 by approximately $411 million due
to the settlement of a federal refund claim with IRS Appeals. The recognition of these tax benefits resulted in an increase to Exelon's and
Generation’s net income of $76 million and $73 million, respectively, in the first quarter of 2020, reflecting a decrease to Exelon's and
Generation's income tax expense of $67 million.
Like-Kind Exchange
In 2016, the Tax Court held that Exelon was not entitled to defer a gain on its 1999 like-kind exch ange transaction. In addition to the
tax and interest related to the gain deferral, the Tax Court also ruled that Exelon was liable for penalties and interest on the
penalties. Exelon had fully paid the amounts assessed resulting from the Tax Court decision in 2017. In September 2017, Exelon
appealed the Tax Court decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. In October  2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit af firmed the(a)
(b)
(b)
293
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
Tax Court’ s decision. Exelon filed a petition seeking rehearing of the Seventh Circuit’ s decision,  but the Seventh Circuit denied that
petition in December 2018. In the first quarter of 2019, Exelon elected not to seek a further review by the U.S. Supreme Court. As a
result, Exelon's and ComEd's unrecognized tax benefits decreased by approximately $33 million and $2 million, respectively , in the
first quarter of 2019.
Recognition of unrecognized tax benefits
The following table presents Exelon's, Generation's, and PHI's unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would decrease the
effective tax rate. ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's amounts are not material.
Exelon Generation PHI
December 31, 2020 $ 73 $ 39 $ 33 
December 31, 2019 462 429 32 
December 31, 2018 463 408 31 
__________
(a)PHI has $21 million of unrecognized state tax benefits that, if recognized, $14 million would be in the form of a net operating loss carryforward,
which is expected to require a full valuation allowance based on present circumstances.
ACE has $14 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 that, if recognize d, may be included in
future base rates and that portion would have no impact on the effective tax rate. Exelon's, Generation's, ComEd's, PECO's, BGE's,
PHI's, Pepco's, and DPL's amounts are not material.
Reasonably possible the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within 12
months after the reporting date
As of Decem ber 31, 2020, ACE has approxima tely $14 million  of unrecognized state tax benefits that could significantly decrease
within the 12 months after the reporting date based on the outcome of pending court cases involving other taxpayers. The
unrecognized tax benefit, if recognized, may be included in future base rates and that portion would have no impact to the effective
tax rate.
Total amounts of interest and penalties recognized
The following table represents the net interest and penalties receivable (payable) related to tax positions reflected in Exelon's
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generation's and the Utility Registrants' amounts are not material.
Net interest and penalties receivable as of Exelon
December 31, 2020 $ 314 
December 31, 2019 318 (a)
294
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
The Registrants did not record material interest and penalty expense related to tax positions reflected in their Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Interest expense and penalty expense are recorded in Interest expense, net and Other , net, respect ively, in Other income
and deductions in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Description of tax years open to assessment by major jurisdiction
Major Jurisdiction Open Years Registrants Impacted
Federal consolidated income tax returns 2010-2019 All Registrants
Delaware separate corporate income tax returns Same as federal DPL
District of Columbia combined corporate income tax returns 2017-2019 Exelon, PHI, Pepco
Illinois unitary corporate income tax returns 2012-2019 Exelon, Generation, ComEd
Maryland separate company corporate net income tax returns Same as federal BGE, Pepco, DPL
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2013-2019 Exelon, Generation
New Jersey separate corporate income tax returns 2014-2019 ACE
New York combined corporate income tax returns 2010-March 2012 Exelon, Generation
New York combined corporate income tax returns 2011-2019 Exelon, Generation
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2011-2019 Exelon, Generation
Pennsylvania separate corporate income tax returns 2017-2019 PECO
__________
(a)Certain registrants are only open to assessment for tax years since joining the Exelon federal consolidated group; BGE beginning in 2012 and
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE beginning in 2016.
Other T ax Matters
Long-T erm Marginal State Income T ax Rate (All Registrants)
Quarterly , Exelon reviews and updates its marginal state income tax rates for changes in state apportionment. The Registrants
remeasure their existing deferred income tax balances to reflect the changes in marginal rates, which results in either an increase or
a decrease to their net deferred income tax liability balances. Utility Registrants record correspo nding regulatory liabilities or assets
to the extent  such amounts are probable of settlement or recovery through customer rates and an adjustment to income tax expense
for all other amounts. The impacts to the Utility Registrants for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were not
material.
December 31, 2020 Exelon Generation
Increase (decrease) to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax
Expense, Net of Federal Taxes $ 66 $ (26)
December 31, 2019
Increase to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net
of Federal Taxes $ 23 $ 9 
December 31, 2018
Decrease to Deferred Income Tax Liability and Income Tax Expense, Net
of Federal Taxes $ (50)$ (53)
Allocation of T ax Benefits (All Registrants)
Generation and the Utility Registrants are all party to an agreement with Exelon and other subsidiaries of Exelon that provides for
the allocation of consoli dated tax liabilities and benefits (Tax Sharing Agreement). The Tax Sharing Agreement provides that each
party is allocated an amount of tax similar to that which would be owed had the party been separately subject to tax. In addition, any
net federal and state benefits attributable to Exelon is reallocated to the other Registrants. That allocation is treated as a contribution
to the capital of the party receiving the benefit.
The following table presents the allocation of tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement.(a)
295
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 14 — Income Taxes
Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020 $ 64 $ 14 $ 17 $ — $ 17 $ 8 $ 6 $ 1 
December 31, 2019 41 — 14 3 7 6 1 — 
December 31, 2018 155 1 48 26 2 — — — 
__________
(a)BGE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
(b)ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net operating loss.
(c)Pepco, DPL, and ACE did not record an allocation of federal tax benefits from Exelon under the Tax Sharing Agreement as a result of a tax net
operating loss.
Research and Development Activities
In the fourth  quarter of 2019, Exelon and Generation recognized additional tax benefits related to certain research and development
activities that qualify for federal and state tax incentives for the 2010 through 2018 tax years, which resulted in an increase to
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s net income of $108 million and $75 million, respectively , for the year ended Decemb er 31, 2019, reflecting
a decrease to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Income tax expense of $ 97 million and $ 66 million, respectively .
15. Retirement Benefits (All Registrants)
Exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for essentially all current employees. Substantially all non-union
employees and electing  union employees hired  on or after January 1, 2001 participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
January 1, 2009, substantially all newly-hired union-represented employees participate in cash balance pension plans. Effective
February 1, 2018 for most newly-hired Generation and BSC non-represented, non-craft, emplo yees and January 1, 2021 for most
newly-hired utility management employees, these newly-hired employees are not eligible for pension benefits, and will instead be
eligible to receive an enhanced non-discretiona ry employer contribution in an Exelon defined contribution savings plan. Effective
January 1, 2018, most newly-hired non-represented, non-craft, employees are not eligible for OPEB benefits and employees
represented by Local 614 are not eligible for retiree health care benefits. Effective January 1, 2021, most non-represented, non-craft,
employees who are under the age of 40 are not eligible for retiree health care benefits.
Effective January 1, 2019, Exelon merged the Exelon Corporation Cash Balance Pension Plan (CBPP) into the Exelon Corporation
Retirement Program (ECRP). The merging of the plans did not change the benefits offered to the plan participants and, thus, had no
impact on Exelon's pens ion obligation. However , beginning in 2019, actuarial losses and gains related to the CBPP  and ECRP  are
amortized over participants’  average remaining service period of the merged ECRP  rather than each individual plan.(a)
(b)
(c)
296
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
The table below shows the pension and OPEB plans in which employees of each operating company participated at December 31,
2020:
Operating Company
Name of Plan: Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Qualified Pension Plans:
Exelon Corporation Retirement Program X X X X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Pension Plan for
Bargaining Unit Employees X   X   
Exelon New England Union Employees
Pension Plan X   
Exelon Employee Pension Plan for Clinton,
TMI, and Oyster Creek X   X   X X X X
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Group,
Inc. X   X X X   X X X
Pension Plan of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC X X X X X
Nine Mile Point Pension Plan X
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC Union
Employees Pension Plan Including Plan A and
Plan B X   
Pepco Holdings LLC Retirement Plan X X X X X X X X
Non-Qualified Pension Plans:
Exelon Corporation Supplemental Pension
Benefit Plan and 2000 Excess Benefit Plan X   X   X   X
Exelon Corporation Supplemental
Management Retirement Plan X   X   X   X X X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior
Executive Supplemental Plan X   X   X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
Supplemental Pension Plan X   X   X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits
Restoration Plan X   X X   X
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC
Executive Retirement Plan X X
Constellation Energy Nuclear Plan, LLC
Benefits Restoration Plan X X
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Executive
Benefit Plan X   X   
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Manager
Benefit Plan X   X X   
Pepco Holdings LLC 2011 Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan X X X X X
Conectiv Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan X X X X
Pepco Holdings LLC Combined Executive
Retirement Plan X X
Atlantic City Electric Director Retirement
Plan X(e)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
(b)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(c)
(c)
(b)
(b)
(d)
(d)
(d)
(d)
297
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Operating Company
Name of Plan: Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
OPEB Plans:
PECO Energy Company Retiree Medical
Plan X   X X   X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Health Care Program X   X   X X X X X
Exelon Corporation Employees’ Life Insurance
Plan X   X   X   X
Exelon Corporation Health Reimbursement
Arrangement Plan X   X   X   X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Medical Plan X   X X X   X X
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Retiree
Dental Plan X   X   
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Employee
Life Insurance Plan and Family Life Insurance
Plan X   X X X   X X
Constellation Mystic Power, LLC
Post-Employment Medical Account Savings
Plan X   X
Exelon New England Union Post-Employment
Medical Savings Account Plan X   
Retiree Medical Plan of Constellation Energy
Nuclear Group, LLC X X X X
Retiree Dental Plan of Constellation Energy
Nuclear Group, LLC X X X X
Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC Medical
Care and Prescription Drug Plan for Retired
Employees X
Pepco Holdings LLC Welfare Plan for
Retirees X X X X X X X X
__________
(a)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Exelon plans.
(b)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy Constellation Energy Group (CEG) Plans.
(c)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy CENG plans.
(d)These plans are collectively referred to as the legacy PHI plans.
(e)Employees generally remain in their legacy benefit plans when transferring between operating companies.
Exelon’ s traditional and cash balance pension plans are intended to be tax-qualified defined benefit plans. Exelon has elected that
the trusts underlying these plans be treated as qualified trusts under the IRC. If certain conditions are met, Exelon can deduct
payments made to the qualified trusts, subject to certain IRC limitations.
Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets, and Funded Status
During the first quarter of 2020, Exelon received  an updated valuation of its pension and OPEB to reflect actual census data as of
January 1, 2020. This valuation resulted in an increase to the pension and OPEB obligati ons of $8 millio n and $31 million,
respectively . Additionally , accumulated other comprehensive loss increased by $7 million (after-tax) and regulatory assets and
liabilities increased by $ 19 million and decreased by $ 10 million, respectively .(e)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(b)
(a)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(d)
298
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
The followin g tables provide a rollforward of the changes in the benefit obligations and plan asse ts of Exelon for the most recent two
years for all plans combined:
Pension Benefits OPEB
2020 2019 2020 2019
Change in benefit obligation:
Net benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 22,868  $ 20,692  $ 4,658  $ 4,369  
Service cost 387 357 90 93 
Interest cost 757 883 154 188 
Plan participants’  contributions — — 49 44 
Actuarial loss 2,217  2,322  49 250 
Plan amendments — 68 (111) — 
Curtailments — (3) — — 
Settlements (45) (35) (5) (4)
Contractual termination benefits — 1 — — 
Gross benefits paid (1,290 ) (1,417 ) (280) (282)
Net benefit obligation at end of year $ 24,894  $ 22,868  $ 4,604  $ 4,658  
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2020 2019 2020 2019
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of net plan assets at beginning of year $ 18,590  $ 16,678  $ 2,541  $ 2,408  
Actual return on plan assets 2,547  3,008  190 324 
Employer contributions 542 356 59 51 
Plan participants’  contributions — — 49 44 
Gross benefits paid (1,290 ) (1,417 ) (280) (282)
Settlements (45) (35) (5) (4)
Fair value of net plan assets at end of year $ 20,344  $ 18,590  $ 2,554  $ 2,541  
__________
(a)The pension and OPEB actuarial losses in 2020 and 2019 primarily reflect a decrease in the discount rate. OPEB losses in 2020 were offset by
gains related to plan changes.
Exelon presents its benefit obligations and plan assets net on its balance sheet within the following line items:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2020 2019 2020 2019
Other current liabilities $ 47 $ 31 $ 42 $ 41 
Pension obligations 4,503  4,247  — — 
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations — — 2,008  2,076  
Unfunded status (net benefit obligation less plan
assets) $ 4,550  $ 4,278  $ 2,050  $ 2,117  
The following table provides the ABO and fair value of plan assets for all pension plans with an ABO in excess of plan
assets. Information for pension and OPEB plans with projected benefit obligations (PBO) and accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation (APBO), respectively , in excess of plan assets has been disclosed in the Obligations and Plan Assets table above as all
pension and OPEB plans are underfunded.
ABO in excess of plan assets Exelon
2020 2019
ABO $ 23,514  $ 21,727  
Fair value of net plan assets 20,344  18,590  (a)
299
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs
The majority  of the 2020 pension benefit cost for the Exelon-sponsored plans is calculated using an expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets of 7.00% and a discount rate of 3.34%. The majo rity of the 2020 OPEB cost is calculated using an expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.69% for funded plans and a discount rate of 3.31%.
A portion of the net periodic benefit cost for all plans is capitalized within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The followin g table
presents the components of Exelon’ s net periodic benefit costs, prior to capitalization, for the years ended December 31, 2020,
2019, and 2018.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2020 2019 2018 2020 2019 2018
Components of net periodic
benefit cost:
Service cost $ 387 $ 357 $ 405 $ 90 $ 93 $ 112 
Interest cost 757 883 802 154 188 175 
Expected return on assets (1,270 ) (1,225 ) (1,252 ) (163) (153) (173)
Amortization of:
Prior service cost (credit) 4 — 2 (124) (179) (186)
Actuarial loss 512 414 629 49 45 66 
Curtailment benefits — — — (1) — — 
Settlement and other charges 14 17 3 1 1 1 
Contractual termination
benefits — 1 — — — — 
Net periodic benefit cost $ 404 $ 447 $ 589 $ 6 $ (5)$ (5)
Cost Allocation to Exelon Subsidiaries
All Registrants account for their participation in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans by applying multi-employer accounting. Exelon
allocates costs related to its pension and OPEB plans to its subsidiaries based on both active and retired employee participation in
each plan.
The amount s below represent the Registrants'  allocated pension and OPEB costs. For Exelon, the service cost component is
included in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant, and equipment, net while the non-service cost components are
included in Other , net and Regulatory assets. For Generation and the Utility Registrants, the service cost and non-service cost
components are included in Operating and maintenance expense and Property , plant, and equipment, net in their consolidated
financial statements.
For the Years Ended
December 31, Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2020 $ 411 $ 115 $ 114 $ 5 $ 64 $ 70 $ 15 $ 7 $ 14 
2019 442 135 96 12 61 95 25 15 16 
2018 583 204 177 18 60 67 15 6 12 
Components of AOCI and Regulatory Assets
Exelon recognizes the overfunded or underfund ed status of defined benefit pension and OPEB plans as an asset or liability on its
balance sheet, with offsetting entries to AOCI and regulatory assets (liabilities). A portion of current year actuarial (gains) losses and
prior service costs (cred its) is capitalized within Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets to reflect the expected regulatory recovery of
these amoun ts, which would otherwise be recorded to AOCI. The followin g tables provide the components of AOCI and regulatory
assets (liabilities) for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 for all plans combined.
300
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2020 2019 2018 2020 2019 2018
Changes in plan assets and
benefit obligations
recognized in AOCI and
regulatory assets (liabilities):
Current year actuarial loss
(gain) $ 941 $ 538 $ 635 $ 22 $ 80 $ (232)
Amortization of actuarial loss (512) (414) (629) (49) (45) (66)
Current year prior service cost
(credit) — 68 (4) (111) — — 
Amortization of prior service
(cost) credit (4) — (2) 124 179 186 
Curtailments — (3) — 1 — — 
Settlements (14) (17) (3) (1) (1) — 
Total recognized in AOCI and
regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 411 $ 172 $ (3)$ (14)$ 213 $ (112)
Total recognized in AOCI $ 271 $ 169 $ 3 $ 6 $ 107 $ (55)
Total recognized in regulatory
assets (liabilities) $ 140 $ 3 $ (6)$ (20)$ 106 $ (57)
The following table provides the components of gross accumulated other comprehensive loss and regulatory assets (liabilities) for
Exelon that have not been recognized as components of periodic benefit cost at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively , for all
plans combined:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2020 2019 2020 2019
Prior service cost (credit) $ 35 $ 39 $ (145)$ (158)
Actuarial loss 8,077  7,662  538 565 
Total $ 8,112  $ 7,701  $ 393 $ 407 
Total included in AOCI $ 4,339  $ 4,068  $ 183 $ 177 
Total included in regulatory assets (liabilities) $ 3,773  $ 3,633  $ 210 $ 230 
Average Remaining Service Period
For pension benefits, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs (credits) and certain actuarial (gains) losses, as
applicable, based on participants’  average remaining service periods.
For OPEB, Exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs (credits) over participants’  average remaining service period to
benefit eligibility age and amortizes certain actuarial (gains) losses over participants’  average remaining service period to expected
retirement. The resulting average remaining service periods for pension and OPEB were as follows:
2020 2019 2018
Pension plans 12.3 11.7 12.0 
OPEB plans:
Benefit Eligibility Age 9.0 8.7 8.8 
Expected Retirement 10.2 9.3 9.5 
301
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Assumptions
The measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under Exelon’ s define d benefit and OPEB plans involves
various facto rs, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting  policy elections. The measurement
of benefit obligations and costs is impacted by several assumptions and inputs, as shown below, among other factors. When
developing the required assumptions, Exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations.
Expected Rate of Return.  In determining the EROA, Exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and GDP
growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectations regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by
Exelon’ s target asset class allocations.
Mortality . The mortal ity assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the
population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy . For the year ended
December 31, 2020, Exelon’ s mortality assumption utilizes the SOA 2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2020 improvement scale
adjusted to use Proxy SSA ultimate improvement rates. For the year ended December 31, 2019, Exelon's mortality assumption
utilizes the SOA  2019 base table (Pri-2012) and MP-2019 improvement scale adjusted to a 0.75% long-term rate reached in 2035.
For Exelon, the following  assumptions were used  to determine the benefit obligations for the plans at December 31, 2020 and 2019.
Assumptions used to determine year-end benefit obligations are the assumptions used to estimate the subsequent year’s net
periodic benefit costs.
 Pension Benefits OPEB
2020  2019  2020  2019  
Discount rate 2.58 % 3.34 % 2.51 % 3.31 %
Investment crediting rate 3.72 % 3.82 % N/A N/A
Rate of compensation increase 3.75 %      3.75 %      
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with
MP- 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2020
improvement scale
(adjusted)  Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)
Health care cost trend on covered charges N/A N/AInitial and ultimate rate
of 5.00%5.00% with
ultimate trend of
5.00% in
2017
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to determine the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB obligations. Certain benefit
plans used individual rates, which range from 2.11% - 2.73% and 2.45% - 2.63% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31,
2020 and 3.02% - 3.44% and 3.27% - 3.40% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
(c)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
The followin g assumptions were used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for Exelon for the years ended December 31, 2020,
2019 and 2018: (a) (a) (a) (a) 
(b) (b) 
(c) (c)
302
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
 Pension Benefits  OPEB  
2020  2019  2018  2020  2019  2018  
Discount rate 3.34 % 4.31 % 3.62 % 3.31 % 4.30 % 3.61 % 
Investment
crediting rate 3.82 % 4.46 % 4.00 % N/A N/A N/A
Expected return
on plan assets 7.00 % 7.00 % 7.00 % 6.69 % 6.67 % 6.60 % 
Rate of
compensation
increase         
Mortality tablePri-2012 table with
MP- 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)Pri-2012 table with
MP- 2019
improvement scale
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)RP-2000 table
projected to 2012
with improvement
scale AA, with
Scale BB-2D
improvements
(adjusted)
Health care cost
trend on covered
charges N/A N/A N/AInitial and ultimate
rate of 5.00%5.00%
with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
20175.00%
with
ultimate
trend of
5.00% in
2017
__________
(a)The discount rates above represent the blended rates used to establish the majority of Exelon’s pension and OPEB costs. Certain benefit plans
used individual rates, which range from 3.02%-3.44% and 3.27%-3.40% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2020; 4.13%-4.36% and 4.27%-4.38% for pension and OPEB plans; respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2019; and
3.49%-3.65% and 3.57%-3.68% for pension and OPEB plans, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2018.
(b)The investment crediting rate above represents a weighted average rate.
(c)Not applicable to pension and OPEB plans that do not have plan assets.
(d)3.25% through 2019 and 3.75% thereafter.
Contributions
Exelon allocates contribu tions related to its legacy Exelon pension and OPEB plans to its subsidi aries based on accounting cost. For
legacy CEG, CENG, FitzPatrick, and PHI plans, pension and OPEB contributions are allocated to the subsidiaries based on
employee participation (both active and retired). The following tables provide contributions to the pension and OPEB plans:
 Pension Benefits OPEB
 2020 2019 2018 2020  2019  2018
Exelon $ 542 $ 356 $ 337 $ 59 $ 51 $ 46 
Generation 236 160 128 19 15 11 
ComEd 143 72 38 5 5 4 
PECO 18 27 28 — 1 — 
BGE 56 34 40 22 14 14 
PHI 30 10 62 9 15 12 
Pepco 2 2 6 9 12 11 
DPL — 1 — — — — 
ACE 2 — 6 — 1 — 
Management considers  various factors when  making pension funding decisions, including  actuarially determined minimum
contribution requirements under ERISA, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. The Act requires the
attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits
prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). The
projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100%
funded status on an ABO basis over time. This level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension
contributions. Based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change,(a) (a) (a) (a) (a) (a)
(b) (b) (b) 
(c) (c) (c) (c) (c) (c)
(d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) 
303
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Exelon’ s estimated annual qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million in 2021. Unlike the qualified pension
plans, Exelon’ s non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution
requirements.
While OPEB plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, Exelon does fund certain of its plans. For
Exelon's funded OPEB plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however , Exelon’ s management has historically
considered several facto rs in determining the level of contributions to its OPEB plans, includin g liabilities management, levels of
benefit claims paid, and regulatory implication s (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure
continued rate recovery). The amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
The following table provides all Registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans , planned benefit payments to non-
qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to OPEB plans in 2021:
Qualified Pension PlansNon-Qualified Pension
Plans OPEB
Exelon $ 505 $ 51 $ 75 
Generation 196 27 24 
ComEd 170 2 23 
PECO 14 1 — 
BGE 57 1 16 
PHI 29 9 7 
Pepco 1 2 6 
DPL — 1 — 
ACE 3 — — 
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
Estimated future benefit payments to participant s in all of the pension plans and postretirement benefit plans at December 31, 2020
were:
Pension
Benefits OPEB
2021 $ 1,279  $ 257 
2022 1,280  259 
2023 1,315  261 
2024 1,325  262 
2025 1,338  265 
2026 through 2030 6,759  1,320  
Total estimated future benefit payments through 2030 $ 13,296  $ 2,624  
Plan Assets
Investment Strategy . On a regula r basis, Exelon evaluates its investm ent strategy to ensure that plan assets will be sufficient to pay
plan benefits when due. As part of this ongoing evaluation, Exelon may make changes to its targeted asset allocation and
investment strategy .
Exelon has developed and implemented a liability hedging investment strategy for its qualified pension plans that has reduced the
volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. Exelon is likely to continue to gradually increase the liability hedging
portfolio as the funded status of its plans improves. The overall objective is to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns that will
balance the liquidity requirements of the plans’  liabilities while striving to minimize the risk of significant losses. Trust assets for
Exelon’ s OPEB plans are managed in a diversified investment strategy that prioritizes maximizing liquidity and returns while
minimizing asset volatility .
Actual asset returns have an impact on the costs reported for the Exelon-sponsored pension and OPEB plans. The actual asset
returns across Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plans for the year ended December 31, 2020 were 14.45 % and 9.14%, respectively ,
compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00% and 6.69%,
304
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
respectively . Exelon used an EROA  of 7.00% and 6.46% to estimate its 2021 pension and OPEB costs, respectively .
Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan target asset allocations at December 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Asset Category Pension Benefits OPEB Pension Benefits OPEB
Equity securities 34 % 45 % 33 % 46 %
Fixed income securities 43 % 39 % 44 % 32 %
Alternative investments 23 % 16 % 23 % 22 %
Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 100 %
__________
(a)Alternative investments include private equity, hedge funds, real estate, and private credit.
Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Exelo n evaluated its pension and OPEB plans’  asset portfolios for the existence of significant
concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2020. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to,
investment concentrations in a single entity , type of industry , foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2020, there
were no significant concentrations (defined as greater than 10% of plan assets) of risk in Exelon’ s pension and OPEB plan assets.(a)
305
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present pension and OPEB plan assets measured and recorded at fair value in Exelon's Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy at December 31, 2020 and 2019:
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Pension plan assets
Cash equivalents $ 408 $ 121 $ — $ — $ 529 $ 258 $ 107 $ — $ — $ 365 
Equities 4,255 — 2 2,552 6,809 3,616 1 5 2,589 6,211 
Fixed income:
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 1,137 367 — — 1,504 1,294 280 — — 1,574 
State and
municipal debt — 85 — — 85 — 56 — — 56 
Corporate debt — 4,873 573 — 5,446 — 4,390 245 — 4,635 
Other — 239 21 537 797 — 305 — 851 1,156 
Fixed income subtotal 1,137 5,564 594 537 7,832 1,294 5,031 245 851 7,421 
Private equity — — — 1,632 1,632 — — — 1,391 1,391 
Hedge funds — — — 1,314 1,314 — — — 1,126 1,126 
Real estate — — — 1,080 1,080 — — — 1,030 1,030 
Private credit — — 234 1,046 1,280 — — 237 929 1,166 
Pension plan assets
subtotal 5,800 5,685 830 8,161 20,476 5,168 5,139 487 7,916 18,710 
OPEB plan assets
Cash equivalents 50 52 — — 102 39 49 — — 88 
Equities 618 2 — 569 1,189 473 5 — 719 1,197 
Fixed income:
U.S. Treasury
and agencies 16 66 — — 82 17 64 — — 81 
State and
municipal debt — 89 — — 89 — 107 — — 107 
Corporate debt — 89 — — 89 — 71 — — 71 
Other 285 3 — 179 467 258 5 — 201 464 
Fixed income subtotal 301 247 — 179 727 275 247 — 201 723 
Hedge funds — — — 308 308 — — — 293 293 
Real estate — — — 111 111 — — — 109 109 
Private credit — — — 117 117 — — — 131 131 
OPEB plan assets
subtotal 969 301 — 1,284 2,554 787 301 — 1,453 2,541 
Total pension and OPEB
plan assets $ 6,769 $ 5,986 $ 830 $ 9,445 $23,030 $ 5,955 $ 5,440 $ 487 $ 9,369 $21,251 
__________
(a)See Note 18—Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy.
(b)Includes derivative instruments of $2 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, which have total notional amounts of $6,879
million and $6,668 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The notional principal(a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(a)
(c)
(d)
306
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
amounts for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume outstanding as of the fiscal years ended and do not represent the
amount of the company’s exposure to credit or market loss.
(c)Includes investments in equities sold short held in investment vehicles primarily to hedge the equity option component of its convertible debt.
Pension equities sold short totaled $(96) million and $(75) million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. OPEB equities sold short
totaled $(42) million and $(35) million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(d)Excludes net liabilities of $132 million and $120 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which include certain derivative assets
that have notional amounts of $239 million and $632 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These items are required to reconcile
to the fair value of net plan assets and consist primarily of receivables or payables related to pending securities sales and purchases and
interest and dividends receivable.
The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities for Exelon measured at fair value for pension and
OPEB plans for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Fixed Income EquitiesPrivate
Credit Total
Pension Assets
Balance as of January 1, 2020 $ 245 $ 5 $ 237 $ 487 
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held at the
reporting date 19 (3) 15 31 
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 34 — 24 58 
Settlements (3) — (42) (45)
Transfers into Level 3 299 — — 299 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 594 $ 2 $ 234 $ 830 
Fixed Income EquitiesPrivate
Credit Total
Pension Assets
Balance as of January 1, 2019 $ 216 $ 2 $ 268 $ 486 
Actual return on plan assets:
Relating to assets still held at the
reporting date 28 3 28 59 
Relating to assets sold during the
period (7) — — (7)
Purchases, sales and settlements:
Purchases 26 — 41 67 
Sales (4) — — (4)
Settlements (2) — (100) (102)
Transfers out of Level 3 (12) — — (12)
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 245 $ 5 $ 237 $ 487 
__________
(a)Represents cash settlements only.
(b)In 2020, a contract was terminated for a certain fixed income commingled fund resulting in the ownership of certain fixed income securities
which led to a transfer into Level 3 from not subject to leveling of $299 million.
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
The techniques used to fair value the pension and OPEB assets invested in cash equivalents, equities, fixed income, derivatives,
private equit y, real estate, and private credit investments are the same as the valuation techniques for these types of investments in
NDTFs. See Cash Equivalents and NDT Fund Investments in Note 18 - Fair Value of Financ ial Assets and Liabilities for further
information.
Pension and OPEB assets also include investm ents in hedge funds. Hedge fund investments include those that employ a broad
range of strategies to enhance returns and provide additional diversification. The fair value of(a)
(b)
(a)
307
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 15 — Retirement Benefits
hedge funds is determin ed using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, hedge funds are not classified within
the fair value hierarchy . Exelon has the ability to redeem these investments at NAV or its equivalent subject to certain restrictions
which may include a lock-up period or a gate.
Defined Contribution Savings Plan (All Registrants)
The Registr ants participate in various 401(k) defined contribution savings plans that are sponsored by Exelon. The plans are
qualified under applicable sections of the IRC and allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax income in
accordance with specified guidelines. All Regis trants match a percentage of the employee contributions up to certain limits. The
following table presents matching contributions to the savings plan for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018:
For the Years Ended
December 31, Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2020 $ 158 $ 63 $ 36 $ 12 $ 13 14 $ 4 $ 3 $ 3 
2019 161 73 35 11 12 13 3 3 2 
2018 179 86 37 9 12 13 3 2 2 
16. Derivative Financial Instruments (All Registrants)
The Registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, interest rate risk, and foreign exchange risk related to
ongoing business operations.
Authoritative guidance requires that derivative instruments be recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value, with changes in
fair value of the derivative recognized in earnings immediately . Other accounting treatments are available through special election
and designa tion, provide d they meet specific, restrictive criteria both at the time of designatio n and on an ongoing basis. These
alternative permissible accounting treatments include NPNS, cash flow hedges, and fair value hedges. All derivative economic
hedges related to commodities, referred to as economic hedges, are recorded at fair value through earnings at Generation and are
offset by a correspondi ng regulatory asset or liability at ComEd. For all NPNS derivative instruments, accounts receivable or
accounts payable are recorded when derivative settles and revenue or expense is recognized in earnings as the underlying physical
commodity is sold or consumed.
Authoritative guidance about offsetting assets and liabilities requires the fair value of derivative instruments to be shown in the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on a gross basis, even when the derivati ve instruments are subject to legally
enforceable master netting agreements and qualify for net presentation in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A master netting
agreement is an agreement between two counterparties that may have derivative and non-derivative contracts with each other
providing for the net settlement of all referenced contracts via one payment stream, which takes place as the contracts deliver , when
collateral is requested or in the event of default. In the tables below , which present fair value balances, Generation’ s energy-related
economic hedges and proprietary trading derivat ives are shown gross. The impact of the netting of fair value balances with the same
counterparty that are subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements, as well as netting  of cash collateral, including margin
on exchange positions, is aggregated in the collateral and netting columns.
Generation’ s and ComEd’ s use of cash collateral is generally unrestricted unless Generation or ComEd are downgraded below
investment grade. Cash collateral held by PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE must be depo sited in an unaffiliated major U.S.
commercial bank or foreign bank with a U.S. branch of fice that meet certain qualifications.
Commodity Price Risk (All Registrants)
Each of the Registrants employ established policies and procedures to manage their risks associated with market fluctuations in
commodity prices by entering into physical and financial derivative contracts, including swaps, futures, forwards, options, and short-
term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and commodity products. The Registrants believe these instruments,
which are either determined to be non-derivative  or classified as economic hedges, mitigate exposure to fluctuations in commodity
prices.
308
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
Generation. To the extent the amoun t of energy Generation  produces differs from the amount of energy it has contracted to sell,
Exelon and Generation are exposed to market fluctuations in the prices of electricity , fossil fuels, and other commodities. Within
Exelon, Generation has the most exposure to commodity price risk. As such, Generation uses a variety of derivative and non-
derivative instruments to manage the commodity  price risk of its electric generation facilities, including power and gas sales, fuel and
power purchases, natural gas transportation and pipeline capacity agreements, and other energy-related products marketed and
purchased. To manage these risks, Generation may enter into fixed-price derivative or non-derivative contracts to hedge the
variability in future cash flows from expected sales of power and gas and purchases of power and fuel. The objectives for executing
such hedges include fixing the price for a portion of anticipated future electricity sales at a level that provides an acceptable return.
Generation is also expo sed to differences between the locational settlement prices of certain economic hedges and the hedged
generating units. This price difference is actively managed through other instruments which include derivative congestion products,
whose changes in fair value are recognized in earnings each period, and auction revenue rights, which are accounted for on an
accrual basis.
Additionally , Generation is exposed to certain market risks through its proprietary trading activities. The proprietary trading activities
are a comple ment to Generation’ s energy marketing portfolio but represent a small portion of Generation’ s overall energy marketing
activities and are subject to limits established by Exelon’ s RMC.
Utility Regi strants.  The Utility Registrants procure electric and natural gas supply through a competitive procurement process
approved by each of the respective state utility  commissions. The Utility Registrants’  hedging  programs are intended to reduce
exposure to energy and natural gas price volatility and have no direct earnings impact as the costs are fully recovered from
customers through regulatory-approved recovery mechanisms. The following table provides a summary of the Utility Registrants’
primary derivative hedging instruments, listed by commodity and accounting treatment.
Registrant Commodity Accounting Treatment Hedging Instrument
ComEdElectricity NPNSFixed price contracts based on all requirements in the IPA
procurement plans.
ElectricityChanges in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liability20-year floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts beginning June 2012
based on the renewable energy resource procurement requirements
in the Illinois Settlement Legislation of approximately 1.3 million
MWhs per year.
PECO Gas NPNSFixed price contracts to cover about 10% of planned natural gas
purchases in support of projected firm sales.
BGEElectricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
Gas NPNSFixed price contracts for between 10-20% of forecasted system
supply requirements for flowing (i.e., non-storage) gas for the
November through March period.
Pepco Electricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
DPLElectricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all SOS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
GasNPNS Fixed and Index priced contracts through full requirements contracts.
Changes in fair value of economic hedge
recorded to an offsetting regulatory asset
or liabilityExchange traded future contracts for up to 50% of estimated
monthly purchase requirements each month, including purchases for
storage injections.
ACE Electricity NPNSFixed price contracts for all BGS requirements through full
requirements contracts.
_________
(a)See Note 3—Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(b)As part of its hedging program, PECO enters into electric supply procurement contracts that do not meet the definition of a derivative instrument.
(c)The fair value of the DPL economic hedge is not material as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and is not presented in the fair value tables below.(a)
(b)
(c)
309
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
The following table provides a summary of the derivative fair value balances recorded by Exelon, Generation, and ComEd as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Exelon Generation ComEd
December 31, 2020Total
DerivativesEconomic
HedgesProprietary
TradingCollateralNetting SubtotalEconomic
Hedges
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(current assets) $ 639 $ 2,757  $ 40 $ 103 $(2,261 )$ 639 $ — 
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(noncurrent assets) 554 1,501  4 64 (1,015 ) 554 — 
Total mark-to-market derivative
assets 1,193  4,258  44 167 (3,276 ) 1,193  — 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(current liabilities) (293) (2,629 ) (23) 131 2,261  (260) (33)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(noncurrent liabilities) (472) (1,335 ) (2) 118 1,015  (204) (268)
Total mark-to-market derivative
liabilities (765) (3,964 ) (25) 249 3,276  (464) (301)
Total mark-to-market derivative net
assets (liabilities) $ 428 $ 294 $ 19 $ 416 $ — $ 729 $ (301)
December 31, 2019
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(current assets) $ 675 $ 3,506  $ 72 $ 287 $(3,190 )$ 675 $ — 
Mark-to-market derivative assets
(noncurrent assets) 508 1,238  25 122 (877) 508 — 
Total mark-to-market derivative
assets 1,183  4,744  97 409 (4,067 ) 1,183  — 
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(current liabilities) (236) (3,713 ) (38) 357 3,190  (204) (32)
Mark-to-market derivative liabilities
(noncurrent liabilities) (380) (1,140 ) (11) 163 877 (111) (269)
Total mark-to-market derivative
liabilities (616) (4,853 ) (49) 520 4,067  (315) (301)
Total mark-to-market derivative net
assets (liabilities) $ 567 $ (109)$ 48 $ 929 $ — $ 868 $ (301)
_________
(a)Exelon and Generation net all available amounts allowed under the derivative authoritative guidance in the balance sheet. These amounts
include unrealized derivative transactions with the same counterparty under legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash
collateral. In some cases Exelon and Generation may have other offsetting exposures, subject to a master netting or similar agreement, such as
trade receivables and payables, transactions that do not qualify as derivatives, letters of credit, and other forms of non-cash collateral. These
amounts are not material and not reflected in the table above.
(b)Of the collateral posted, $209 million and $511 million represents variation margin on the exchanges at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively.
Economic Hedges (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, Exelon and Generation recognized the following net pre-tax
commodity mark-to-market gains (losses) which are also located in the Net fair value change s related to derivatives line in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.(a)(b) (a)
310
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
Gain (Loss)
Income Statement Location 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues $ 112 $ — $ (270)
Purchased power and fuel 168 (204) (47)
Total Exelon and Generation $ 280 $ (204)$ (317)
In general, increases and decreases in forward market prices have a positive and negative impact, respectively , on Generation’ s
owned and contracted generation positions that have not been hedged. Generation hedges commodity price risk on a ratable basis
over three-year periods. As of December 31, 2020, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest,
New York, and ERCOT  reportable segments is 94%-97% for 2021.
Proprietary T rading (Commodity Price Risk)
Generation also execute s commodity derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. Proprietary trading includes all contracts executed
with the intent of benefiting from shifts or changes in market prices as opposed to those executed with the intent of hedging or
managing risk. Gains and losses associated with proprietary trading are reported as Operating revenues in Exelon’ s and
Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are included in the Net fair value changes
related to derivatives line in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018,
net pre-tax commodity mark-to-market gains and losses for Exelon and Generation were not material. The Utility Registrants do not
execute derivatives for proprietary trading purposes.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Risk (Exelon and Generation)
Exelon and Generation utilize interest rate swaps, which are treated as economic hedges, to manage their interest rate exposure.
On July 1, 2018, Exelon de-designated its fair value hedges related to interest rate risk and Generation de-designated its cash flow
hedges related to interest rate risk. The notiona l amounts were $516 million and $1,269  million at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively , for Exelon and $ 516 million and $ 569 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively , for Generation.
Generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives to manage foreign exchange rate exposure associated with international commodity
purchases in currencies other than U.S. dollars, which are treated as economic hedges. The notio nal amounts were $149 million  and
$231 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively .
The mark-to-market derivative assets and liabiliti es as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and the mark-to-market gains and losses for
the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 were not material for Exelon and Generation.
Credit Risk (All Registrants)
The Registra nts would be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties on executed derivative
instruments. The credit exposure of derivative contracts, before collateral, is represented by the fair value of contracts at the
reporting date.
Generation.  For commodity deriva tives, Generation enters into enabling agreements that allow for payment netting with its
counterparties, which reduces Generation’ s exposure to counterparty risk by providing for the offset of amounts payable to the
counterparty against amounts receivable from the counterparty . Typically , each enabling agreement is for a specific commodity and
so, with respect to each  individual counterparty , netting is limited to transactions involving that specific commodity product, except
where master netting agreements exist with a counterparty that allow for cross product netting. In addition to payment netting
language in the enablin g agreement, Generation’ s credit department establishes credit limits, margining thresholds and collateral
requirements for each counterparty , which are defined in the derivative contracts. Counterparty credit limits are based on an internal
credit review  process that considers a variety of factors, including the results of a scoring model, leverage, liquidity , profitability , credit
ratings by credit rating agencies, and risk management capabilities. To the extent that a coun terparty’ s margining thresholds are
exceeded, the counterparty is required to post collateral with Generation as specified in each enabling agreement. Generation’ s
credit depar tment monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an
aggregate basis.
311
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
The following tables provide information on Generation’ s credit exposure for all derivative instruments, NPNS, and payables and
receivables, net of collateral and instruments that are subject to master netting agreements, as of December 31, 2020. The tables
further delin eate that exposure by credit rating of the counterparties and provide guidance on the concentration of credit risk to
individual counterparties. The figures in the tables below exclude credit risk exposure from individual retail counterparties, nuclear
fuel procurement contracts, and exposure through R TOs, ISOs, NYMEX, ICE, NASDAQ, NGX, and Nodal commodity exchanges.
Rating as of December 31, 2020Total
Exposure
Before Credit
CollateralCredit
CollateralNet
ExposureNumber of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net ExposureNet Exposure of
Counterparties
Greater than 10%
of Net Exposure
Investment grade $ 577 $ 27 $ 550 — $ — 
Non-investment grade 32 — 32 
No external ratings
Internally rated — investment
grade 165 1 164 
Internally rated — non-investment
grade 80 28 52 
Total $ 854 $ 56 $ 798 — $ — 
Net Credit Exposure by Type of Counterparty As of December 31, 2020
Financial institutions $ 15 
Investor-owned utilities, marketers, power producers 607 
Energy cooperatives and municipalities 138 
Other 38 
Total $ 798 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2020, credit collateral held from counterparties where Generation had credit exposure included $31 million of cash and $25
million of letters of credit. The credit collateral does not include non-liquid collateral.
Utility Registrants.  The Utility Registrants have contracts to procure electric and natural gas supply that provide suppliers with a
certain amount of unsecured credit. If the expos ure on the supply contract exceeds the amoun t of unsecured credit, the suppliers
may be required to post collateral. The net credit exposure is mitigated primarily by the ability to recover procurement costs through
customer rates. As of December 31, 2020, the Utility Registrants’  counterparty credit risk with suppliers was not material.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features (All Registrants)
Generation. As part of the normal course of business, Generation routinely enters into physically or financially settled contracts for
the purchase and sale of electric capacity , electricity , fuels, emissions allowances, and other energy-related products. Certain of
Generation’ s derivative instruments contain provisions that require Generation to post collateral. Generation also enters into
commodity transactions on exchanges where the exchanges act as the counterparty to each trade. Transactions on the exchanges
must adhere to comprehensive collateral and margining requirements. This collateral may be posted in the form of cash or credit
support with thresholds contingent upon Generation’ s credit rating from each of the major credit  rating agencies. The collateral and
credit support requirements vary by contract and by counterparty . These credit-risk related contingent features stipulate that if
Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be
required to provide additional collateral. This incremental collateral requirement allows for the offsetting of derivative instruments that
are assets with the same counterparty , where the contractual right of offset exists under applicabl e master netting agreements. In the
absence of expressly agreed-to provisions that specify the collateral that must be provided, collateral requested will be a function of
the facts and circumsta nces of the situation at the time of the demand. In this case, Genera tion believes an amount of several
months of future payme nts (i.e., capacity paym ents) rather than a calculation of fair value is the best estimate for the contingent
collateral obligation, which has been factored into the disclosure below .(a)
312
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments
The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features in a liability position that are not fully
collateralized (excluding transactions on the exchanges that are fully collateralized) is detailed in the table below:
As of December 31,
Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features 2020 2019
Gross fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature $ (834)$ (956)
Offsetting fair value of in-the-money contracts under master netting arrangements 537 649 
Net fair value of derivative contracts containing this feature $ (297)$ (307)
__________
(a)Amount represents the gross fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk-related contingent features ignoring the
effects of master netting agreements.
(b)Amount represents the offsetting fair value of in-the-money derivative contracts under legally enforceable master netting agreements with the
same counterparty, which reduces the amount of any liability for which Generation could potentially be required to post collateral.
(c)Amount represents the net fair value of out-of-the-money derivative contracts containing credit-risk related contingent features after considering
the mitigating effects of offsetting positions under master netting arrangements and reflects the actual net liability upon which any potential
contingent collateral obligations would be based.
As of Decem ber 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon and Generation posted or held the following amounts of cash collateral and letters of
credit on derivative contracts with external counterparties, after giving consideration to offsetting derivative and non-derivative
positions under master netting agreements.
As of December 31,
2020 2019
Cash collateral posted $ 511 $ 982 
Letters of credit posted 226 264 
Cash collateral held 110 103 
Letters of credit held 40 112 
Additional collateral required in the event of a credit downgrade below investment
grade 1,432  1,509  
Generation entered into supply forward contracts with certain utilities, including PECO and BGE, with one-sided collateral postings
only from Generation. If market prices fall below  the benchmark price levels in these contracts, the utilities are not required to post
collateral. However , when market prices rise above the benchmark price levels, counterparty suppliers, including Generation, are
required to post collateral once certain unsecured credit limits are exceeded.
Utility Registrants
The Utility Registrants’  electric supply procurement contracts do not contain provisions that would require them to post collateral.
PECO’ s, BGE’ s, and DPL’s natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that could require PECO, BGE, and DPL to post
collateral in the form of cash or credit support, which vary by contract and counterparty , with thresholds contingent upon PECO’ s,
BGE's, and DPL’s credit rating. As of December 31, 2020, PECO, BGE, and DPL were not requir ed to post collateral for any of these
agreements. If PECO, BGE, or DPL lost their investment grade credit rating as of Decembe r 31, 2020, they could have been
required to post incremental collateral to their counterparties of $ 34 million, $ 54 million, and $ 9 million, respectively .
17. Debt and Credit Agreements (All Registrants)
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corporate, ComEd, and BGE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial
paper . Generation and PECO meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and
borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily
through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings(a)
(b)
(c)
313
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
from the PHI intercompany money pool. PHI Corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of
short-term notes and borrowings from the Exelon intercompany money pool. The Registrants may use their respective credit
facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
Commercial Paper
The following table reflects the Registrants' commercial paper programs supported by the revolving credit agreements and bilateral
credit agreements at December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Maximum
Program Size at
December 31,Outstanding
Commercial
Paper at
December 31,Average Interest Rate on
Commercial Paper Borrowings at
December 31,
Commercial Paper Issuer 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
Exelon $ 9,000  $ 9,000  $ 1,031  $ 870 0.25 % 2.25 %
Generation 5,300  5,300  340 320 0.27 % 1.84 %
ComEd 1,000  1,000  323 130 0.23 % 2.38 %
PECO 600 600 — — — % 2.39 %
BGE 600 600 — 76 — % 2.46 %
PHI 900 900 368 208 0.24 % N/A
Pepco 300 300 35 82 0.22 % 2.56 %
DPL 300 300 146 56 0.24 % 2.02 %
ACE 300 300 187 70 0.25 % 2.43 %
__________
(a)Excludes $1,500 million and $1,400 million in bilateral credit facilities at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and $144 million and $159
million in credit facilities for project finance at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These credit facilities do not back Generation's
commercial paper program.
(b)At December 31, 2020, excludes $135 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd,
PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL, and ACE with aggregate commitments of $38 million, $32 million, $33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8
million, respectively. These facilities expire on October 8, 2021. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. At December 31,
2019, excludes $142 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE,
Pepco, DPL, and ACE with aggregate commitments of $44 million, $33 million, $33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8 million,
respectively.
(c)Pepco, DPL, and ACE's revolving credit facility has the ability to flex to $500 million, $500 million, and $350 million, respectively. The borrowing
capacity may be increased or decreased during the term of the facility, except that (i) the sum of the borrowing capacity must equal the total
amount of the facility, and (ii) the aggregate amount of credit used at any given time by each of Pepco, DPL, or ACE may not exceed $900
million or the maximum amount of short-term debt the company is permitted to have outstanding by its regulatory authorities. The total number
of the borrowing reallocations may not exceed eight per year during the term of the facility.
(d)Includes revolving credit agreement at Exelon Corporate with a maximum program size of $600 million at both December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. Exelon Corporate had no outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2020 and $136 million at 2019 with an average
interest rate on commercial paper borrowings of 1.92%.
(e)Represents the consolidated amounts of Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
In order to maintain their respective commercial paper programs in the amounts indicated abov e, each Registrant must have credit
facilities in place, at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper program. A registrant does not issue commercial paper in an
aggregate amount exceeding the then available capacity under its credit facility .(a)(b)(c) (a)(b)(c)
(d)
(e)
314
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
At December 31, 2020, the Registrants had the following aggregate bank commitments, credit facility borrowings, and available
capacity under their respective credit facilities:
Available Capacity at December 31,
2020
Borrower Facility TypeAggregate Bank
Commitment Facility DrawsOutstanding
Letters of Credit ActualTo Support
Additional
Commercial
Paper
ExelonSyndicated Revolver /
Bilaterals / Project
Finance $ 10,644  $ — $ 1,230  $ 9,414  $ 7,698  
Generation Syndicated Revolver 5,300  — 262 5,038  4,698  
Generation Bilaterals 1,500  — 840 660 — 
Generation Project Finance 144 — 119 25 — 
ComEd Syndicated Revolver 1,000  — 2 998 675 
PECO Syndicated Revolver 600 — — 600 600 
BGE Syndicated Revolver 600 — — 600 600 
PHI Syndicated Revolver 900 — 1 899 531 
Pepco Syndicated Revolver 300 — 1 299 264 
DPL Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 154 
ACE Syndicated Revolver 300 — — 300 113 
__________
(a)On May 26, 2018, each of the Registrants' respective syndicated revolving credit facilities had their maturity dates extended to May 26, 2023.
(b)Excludes $135 million of credit facility agreements arranged at minority and community banks at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, DPL,
and ACE with aggregate commitments of $38 million, $32 million, $33 million, $8 million, $8 million, $8 million, and $8 million, respectively.
These facilities expire on October 8, 2021. These facilities are solely utilized to issue letters of credit. As of December 31, 2020, letters of credit
issued under these facilities totaled $5 million, $5 million, and $2 million for Generation, ComEd, and BGE, respectively.
(c)Includes $600 million aggregate bank commitment related to Exelon Corporate. Exelon Corporate had $6 million outstanding letters of credit at
December 31, 2020. Exelon Corporate had $594 million in available capacity to support additional commercial paper at December 31, 2020.
On March 19, 2020, Generation borrowed $1.5 billion on its revolving credit facility due to disruptions in the commercial paper
markets as a result of COVID-19. The funds were used to refinance commercial paper . Generat ion repaid the $1.5 billion borro wed
on the revolving credit facility on April 3, 2020.
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a 12-month term loan agreement for $500 million, which was renewed annually
on March 22, 2018, March 20, 2019, and March 19, 2020, respectively . The loan agreement will expire on March 18, 2021. Pursuant
to the loan agreement, as of December 31, 2020, loans made thereunder bear interest at a varia ble rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.65%
and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loans beared interest at LIBOR plus 0.95% as of December 31, 2019 as part of
the March 20, 2019 renewal. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon's Consolidated Balance Sheets within Short-term
borrowings.
On March 19, 2020, Generation entered into a term loan agreement for $200 million. The loan agreement has an expiration of March
18, 2021. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.50% and all
indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is reflected in Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheet within Short-
term borrowings.
On March 31, 2020, Generation entered into a term loan agreement for $300 million. The loan agreement has an expiration of March
30, 2021. Pursuant to the loan agreement, loans made thereunder bear interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.75% and all
indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loan agreement is reflected in Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheet within Short-
term borrowings.(a) (b) (c)
(c)
315
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
On January 25, 2021, ComEd entered into two 90-day term loan agreements of $125 millio n each with variable interest rates of
LIBOR plus 0.50% and LIBOR plus 0.75%, respectively .
Revolving Credit Agreements
On April 24, 2020, Exelo n Corporate entered into a credit agreement establishing a $550 million 364-day revolvin g credit facility at a
variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.75%. This facility will be used by Exelon as an additional source of short-term liquidity as
needed.
Bilateral Credit Agreements
The following table reflects the bilateral credit agreements at December 31, 2020:
Registrant Date Initiated  Latest Amendment Date Maturity Date  Amount
Generation October 26, 2012 October 23, 2020 October 22, 2021 $ 200 
Generation January 11, 2013 January 4, 2019 March 1, 2021 100
Generation January 5, 2016 January 4, 2019 April 5, 2021 150
Generation February 21, 2019 N/A March 31, 2021 100
Generation October 25, 2019 N/A N/A 200
Generation October 25, 2019 N/A N/A 100
Generation November 20, 2019 N/A N/A 300
Generation November 21, 2019 N/A N/A 150
Generation November 21, 2019 N/A November 21, 2021 100
Generation May 15, 2020 N/A N/A 100
__________
(a)Credit facilities that do not contain a maturity date are specific to the agreements set within each contract. In some instances, credit facilities are
automatically renewed based on the contingency standards set within the specific agreement.
(b)Bilateral credit facility relates to CENG, which is incorporated within Generation, and supports the issuance of letters of credit and funding for
working capital and does not back Generation's commercial paper program. During the second and third quarters of 2020, CENG drew on its
bilateral credit facility. As of December 31, 2020, there was no outstanding balance at this facility.
(c)Bilateral credit agreements solely support the issuance of letters of credit and do not back Generation's commercial paper program.
Borrowings under Exelon’ s, Generation’ s, ComE d’s, PECO’ s, BGE's, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's revolving credit agreements bear
interest at a rate based upon either the prime rate or a LIBOR-based rate, plus an adder based upon the particular Registrant’ s
credit rating. The adders for the prime based borrowings and LIBOR-based borrowings are presented in the following table:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE
Prime based borrowings 0 - 27.5 27.5 — — — 7.5 — 7.5 
LIBOR-based borrowings 90.0 - 127.5 127.5 100.0 90.0 90.0 107.5 100.0 107.5 
__________
(a)Includes interest rate adders at Exelon Corporate of 27.5 and 127.5 for prime and LIBOR-based borrowings, respectively.
If any registrant loses its investment grade rating , the maximum adders for prime rate borrowings  and LIBOR-based rate borrowings
would be 65 basis point s and 165 basis points, respectively . The credit agreements also requir e the borrower to pay a facility fee
based upon the aggregate commitments. The fee varies depending upon the respective credit ratings of the borrower .
Variable Rate Demand Bonds
DPL has outstanding obligations in respect of Variable Rate Demand Bonds (VRDB). VRDB s are subject to repayment on the
demand of the holders and, for this reason, are accounted for as short-term debt in accordance with GAAP . However , these bonds
may be converted to a fixed-rate, fixed-term option to establish a maturity which corresponds  to the date of final maturity of the
bonds. On this basis, PHI views VRDBs as a source of long-term financing. As of both December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019,
$79 million in variable(a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(c)
(a)
316
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
rate demand  bonds issued by DPL were outstanding and are included in the Long-term debt due within one year in Exelon's, PHI's,
and DPL's Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Long-T erm Debt 
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt at the Registrants as of December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Exelon
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 0.19 %- 7.90 % 2021 - 2050 $ 18,915  $17,486  
Senior unsecured notes 2.45 %- 7.60 % 2021 - 2050 10,585  10,685  
Unsecured notes 2.40 %- 6.35 % 2021 - 2050 3,700  3,300  
Pollution control notes 2.50 %- 2.70 % 2020 — 412 
Nuclear fuel procurement contracts 3.15 % 2020 — 3 
Notes payable and other 2.10 %- 7.99 % 2021 - 2053 170 154 
Junior subordinated notes 3.50 % 2022 1,150  1,150  
Long-term software licensing agreement 3.95 % 2024 30 55 
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 0.17 %- 1.70 % 2022 - 2024 143 222 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Transition bonds 5.55 % 2021 21 40 
Loan agreement 2.00 % 2023 50 50 
Nonrecourse debt:
     Fixed rates 2.29 %- 6.00 % 2031 - 2037 977 1,182  
     Variable rates 2.99 %- 3.18 % 2021 - 2027 765 811 
Total long-term debt 36,516  35,560  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (77) (72)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (248) (214)
Fair value adjustment 721 765 
Long-term debt due within one year (1,819 ) (4,710 )
Long-term debt $ 35,093  $31,329  
Long-term debt to financing trusts
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III 6.35 % 2033 $ 206 $ 206 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 5.25 %- 7.38 % 2028 81 81 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV 5.75 % 2033 103 103 
Total long-term debt to financing trusts $ 390 $ 390 
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets other than expressly excepted property and substantially all of PECO’s, Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets
are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
(b)Amounts owed to these financing trusts are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)
(b)
317
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Generation
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
Senior unsecured notes 3.25 %- 7.60 % 2022 - 2042 $ 4,219  $ 5,420  
Pollution control notes 2.50 %- 2.70 % 2020 — 412 
Nuclear fuel procurement contracts 3.15 % 2020 — 3 
Notes payable and other 2.10 %- 4.85 % 2021 - 2028 111 115 
Nonrecourse debt:
Fixed rates 2.29 %- 6.00 % 2031 - 2037 977 1,182  
Variable rates 2.99 %- 3.18 % 2021 - 2027 765 811 
Total long-term debt 6,072  7,943  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (5) (5)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (46) (42)
Fair value adjustment 66 78 
Long-term debt due within one year (197) (3,182 )
Long-term debt $ 5,890  $ 4,792  
ComEd
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.20 %- 6.45 % 2021 - 2050 $ 9,079  $ 8,578  
Other 7.49 % 2053 8 8 
Total long-term debt 9,087  8,586  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (28) (27)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (76) (68)
Long-term debt due within one year (350) (500)
Long-term debt $ 8,633  $ 7,991  
Long-term debt to financing trust
Subordinated debentures to ComEd Financing III 6.35 % 2033 $ 206 $ 206 
Total long-term debt to financing trusts 206 206 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (1) (1)
Long-term debt to financing trusts $ 205 $ 205 
__________
(a)Substantially all of ComEd’s assets, other than expressly excepted property, are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amount owed to this financing trust is recorded as Long-term debt to financing trust within ComEd’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)
(b)
318
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
PECO
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 1.70 %- 5.95 % 2021 - 2050 $ 3,750  $ 3,400  
Loan agreement 2.00 % 2023 50 50 
Total long-term debt 3,800  3,450  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (20) (21)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (27) (24)
Long-term debt due within one year (300) — 
Long-term debt $ 3,453  $ 3,405  
Long-term debt to financing trusts
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust III 5.25 %- 7.38 % 2028 $ 81 $ 81 
Subordinated debentures to PECO Trust IV 5.75 % 2033 103 103 
Long-term debt to financing trusts $ 184 $ 184 
__________
(a)Substantially all of PECO’s assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
(b)Amounts owed to this financing trust are recorded as Long-term debt to financing trusts within PECO’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
BGE
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
Unsecured notes 2.40 %- 6.35 % 2021 - 2050 $ 3,700  $ 3,300  
Total long-term debt 3,700  3,300  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (12) (9)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (24) (21)
Long-term debt due within one year (300) — 
Long-term debt $ 3,364  $ 3,270  (a)
(b)
319
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
PHI
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 0.19 %- 7.90 % 2021 - 2050 $ 6,086  $ 5,508  
Senior unsecured notes 7.45 % 2032 185 185 
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 0.17 %- 1.70 % 2022 - 2024 143 222 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Transition bonds 5.55 % 2021 21 40 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2022 - 2028 50 28 
Other 7.28 %- 7.99 % 2021 - 2022 1 2 
Total long-term debt 6,496  5,995  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 4 4 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (28) (19)
Fair value adjustment 534 583 
Long-term debt due within one year (347) (103)
Long-term debt $ 6,659  $ 6,460  
_________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's, DPL's, and ACE's assets are subject to the liens of their respective mortgage indentures.
Pepco
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.53 %- 7.90 % 2022 - 2050 $ 3,075  $ 2,775  
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 1.70 % 2022 110 110 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2025 - 2028 17 10 
Other 7.28 %- 7.99 % 2021 - 2022 1 2 
Total long-term debt 3,203  2,897  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 2 2 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (40) (35)
Long-term debt due within one year (3) (2)
Long-term debt $ 3,162  $ 2,862  
__________
(a)Substantially all of Pepco's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.(a)
(a)
320
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
DPL
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 0.19 %- 4.27 % 2023 - 2049 $ 1,624  $ 1,446  
Unsecured tax-exempt bonds 0.17 %- 0.20 % 2024 33 112 
Medium-terms notes (unsecured) 7.72 % 2027 10 10 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2025 - 2028 20 10 
Total long-term debt 1,687  1,578  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net 1 1 
Unamortized debt issuance costs (11) (12)
Long-term debt due within one year (82) (80)
Long-term debt $ 1,595  $ 1,487  
__________
(a)Substantially all of DPL's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
ACE
Maturity
DateDecember 31,
Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
First mortgage bonds 2.25 %- 6.80 % 2021 - 2050 $ 1,387  $ 1,287  
Transition bonds 5.55 % 2021 21 40 
Finance leases 3.54 % 2022 - 2028 13 8 
Total long-term debt 1,421  1,335  
Unamortized debt discount and premium, net (1) (1)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (7) (7)
Long-term debt due within one year (261) (20)
Long-term debt $ 1,152  $ 1,307  
__________
(a)Substantially all of ACE's assets are subject to the lien of its mortgage indenture.
Long-term debt maturities at the Registrants in the periods 2021 through 2025 and thereafter are as follows:
Year Exelon  Generation ComEd PECO BGE  PHI Pepco DPL ACE
2021 $1,819  $ 197 $ 350 $ 300 $ 300  $ 347 $ 3 $ 82 $ 261 
2022 3,092  1,025  — 350 250  317 312 3 2 
2023 859 1 — 50 300  508 3 503 2 
2024 814 1 250 — —  558 403 3 152 
2025 2,215  900 — 350 —  158 3 3 152 
Thereafter 28,107  3,948  8,692  2,934  2,850  4,608  2,479  1,093  852 
Total $36,906   $ 6,072  $9,292  $3,984  $3,700  $6,496  $3,203  $1,687  $1,421  
__________
(a)Includes $390 million due to ComEd and PECO financing trusts.
(b)Includes $206 million due to ComEd financing trust.
(c)Includes $184 million due to PECO financing trusts.
Debt Covenants
As of December 31, 2020, the Registrants are in compliance with debt covenants.(a)
(a) 
(a) (b) (c)
321
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Nonrecourse Debt 
Exelon and Generation have issued nonrecourse debt financing, in which approximately $2.2 billion of generating assets have been
pledged as collateral at December 31, 2020. Borrowings under these agreements are secured  by the assets and equity of each
respective project. The lenders do not have recourse against Exelon or Generation in the event of a default. If a specific project
financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific nonrecourse debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement
to accelerate  repayment of the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. In these instances, if such
repayment was not satisfied, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific
assets and related collateral. The potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise
anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly
before the end of their useful lives.
Antelope Valley Solar Ranch One. In December 2011, the DOE Loan Programs Office issued a guarantee for up to $646 million
for a nonrecourse loan from the Federal Financing Bank to support the financing of the construction of the Antelope Valley facility .
The project became fully operational in 2014. The loan will mature on January 5, 2037. Interest rates on the loan were fixed upon
each advance at a spread of 37.5 basis points above U.S. Treasuries of comparable maturity . The advances were completed as of
December 31, 2015 and the outstanding loan balance will bear interest at an average blended interest rate of 2.82%. As of
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, approximately $460 million and $485 million were outstanding, respectively . In
addition, Generation has issued letters of credit to support its equity investment in the project. As of December 31, 2020, Generation
had $37 million in letters of credit outstanding related to the project. In December 2017, Generation’ s interests in Antelope Valley
were contributed to and are pledged as collateral for the EGR IV financing structures referenced below .
Antelope Valley sells all of its output to PG&E through a PPA. On January 29, 2019, PG&E filed for protection under Chapter 11 of
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which created an event of default for Antelope Valley’ s nonrecourse debt that provided the lender with a
right to accelerate amou nts outstanding under the loan such that they would become immediately due and payable. As a result of
the event of default and in the absence of a waiver from the lender foregoing their acceleration rights, the debt was reclassified as
current in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidat ed Balance Sheets in the first quarter of 2019. Further , distributions from Antelope
Valley to EGR IV were suspended.
The United States Bankruptcy Court entered an order on June 20, 2020 confirming PG&E’ s plan of reorganization. On July 1, 2020
the plan became effective, and PG&E emerged from bankruptcy . On July 21, 2020, Antelope Valley received a waiver from the DOE
for the event of default and, as such, distributions from Antelope Valley to EGR IV were permi tted and the debt was classified as
noncurrent as of June 30, 2020. The debt continues to be presented as noncurrent as of December 31, 2020.
See Note 12 — Asset Impairments for additional information.
Continental Wind, LLC.   In Septem ber 2013, Continental Wind, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, completed the
issuance and sale of $613 millio n senior secured notes. Continental Wind owns and operates a portfolio of wind farms in Idaho,
Kansas, Michigan, Oregon, New Mexico, and Texas with a total net capacity of 667 MW. The net proceeds  were distributed to
Generation for its genera l business purposes. The notes are scheduled to mature on February 28, 2033. The notes bear interest at a
fixed rate of 6.00% with interest payable semi-annually . As of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, approximately $415
million and $ 447 million were outstanding, respectively .
In addition, Continental Wind has a $122 million letter of credit facility and $4 million working capital revolver facility . Continental
Wind has issued letters of credit to satisfy certain of its credit support and security obligatio ns. As of December 31, 2020, the
Continental Wind letter of credit facility had $ 114 million in letters of credit outstanding related to the project.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in Continental Wind were contributed to EGRP . Refer to Note  23 - Variable Interest Entities for
additional information on EGRP .
Renewable Power Generation.    In March 2016, RPG, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, issued $150 million
aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured notes. The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for paydown of
long term debt obligations at Sacramento PV Energy and Constellation
322
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements
Solar Horizo ns and for general business purposes. The loan is scheduled to mature on March 31, 2035. The term loan bears interest
at a fixed rate of 4.11% payable semi-annually . As of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, approximately $95 million and
$106 million were outstanding, respectively .
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in RPG were contributed to EGRP . Refer to Note 23 - Variable Interest Entities for additional
information on EGRP .
SolGen, LLC.    In September 2016, SolGen, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, issued $150 million aggregate
principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured notes. The net proceeds were distributed to Generation for general business
purposes. The loan is scheduled to mature on September 30, 2036. The term loan bears intere st at a fixed rate of 3.93% payable
semi-annually . As of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, approximately $125 million and $131 million were outstandin g,
respectively . As a result of the sale agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield Renewable in the fourth quarter of 2020, the outstanding
balance was reclassified to Liabilities held for sale in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31,
2020. In 2017, Generation’ s interests in SolGe n were contributed to and were pledged as collateral for the EGR IV financing
structure. In December 2020, as part of the EGR IV financing, SolGen was removed from the collateral terms structured within the
agreement. See EGR IV discussed below for additional information and Note 2 — Mergers , Acquisitions, and Dispositions for
additional information on the sale agreement.
ExGen Renewables IV.    In November 2017, EGR IV, an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation, entered into an $850 million
nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility agreement with a maturity date of November 28, 2024. In addition to the
financing, EGR IV entered into interest rate swaps with an initial notional amount of $636 million at an interest rate of 2.32% to
manage a portion of the interest rate exposure in connection with the financing.
In December 2020, EGR IV entered into a financing agreement for a $750 million nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit
facility , scheduled to mature on December 15, 2027. The term loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus 2.75%,
subject to a 1% LIBOR floor with interest payable quarterly . In addition to the financing, EGR IV entered into interest rate swaps with
an initial notional amoun t of $516 million at an interest rate of 1.05% to manag e a portion of the interest rate exposure in connection
with the financing.
The proceeds were used  to repay the November 2017 nonrecourse senior secured term loan credit facility of $850 million, of which
$709 million  was outstanding as of the retirement date in December of 2020, and to settle the Nove mber 2017 interest rate swap.
Generation’ s interests in EGRP  and Antelope Valley remained contributed to and are pledged as collateral for this financing. As of
December 31, 2020, $750 million was outstanding . See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities for additional information on EGRP  and
Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on interest rate swaps.
18. Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities (All Registrants)
Exelon measures and classifies fair value measurements in accordance with the hierarchy as defined by GAAP . The hierarchy
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels as follows:
•Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Registrants have the
ability to liquidate as of the reporting date.
•Level 2 — inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the asset or liability or
indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data.
•Level 3 — unobservable inputs, such as internally developed pricing models or third-party valuations for the asset or
liability due to little or no market activity for the asset or liability .
323
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Fair V alue of Financial Liabilities Recorded at Amortized Cost
The following tables present the carrying amounts and fair values of the Registrants’  short-te rm liabilities, long-term debt, SNF
obligation, and trust preferred securities (long-term debt to financing trusts or junior subordinated debentures) as of December 31,
2020 and 2019. The Registrants have no financial liabilities classified as Level 1.
The carrying amounts of the Registrants’  short-term liabilities as presented on their Consolidated Balance Sheets are representative
of their fair value (Level 2) because of the short-term nature of these instruments.
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Carrying
AmountFair ValueCarrying
AmountFair Value
Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 2 Level 3 Total
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year
Exelon $ 36,912 $ 40,688 $ 3,064 $ 43,752 $ 36,039 $ 37,453 $ 2,580 $ 40,033 
Generation 6,087 5,648 1,208 6,856 7,974 7,304 1,366 8,670 
ComEd 8,983 11,117 — 11,117 8,491 9,848 — 9,848 
PECO 3,753 4,553 50 4,603 3,405 3,868 50 3,918 
BGE 3,664 4,366 — 4,366 3,270 3,649 — 3,649 
PHI 7,006 6,099 1,806 7,905 6,563 5,902 1,164 7,066 
Pepco 3,165 3,336 748 4,084 2,864 3,198 388 3,586 
DPL 1,677 1,484 455 1,939 1,567 1,408 311 1,719 
ACE 1,413 1,018 602 1,620 1,327 1,026 464 1,490 
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts
Exelon $ 390 $ — $ 467 $ 467 $ 390 $ — $ 428 $ 428 
ComEd 205 — 246 246 205 — 227 227 
PECO 184 — 221 221 184 — 201 201 
SNF Obligation
Exelon $ 1,208 $ 909 $ — $ 909 $ 1,199 $ 1,055 $ — $ 1,055 
Generation 1,208 909 — 909 1,199 1,055 — 1,055 
__________
(a) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs which are not fair valued. Refer to Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for each Registrants’
unamortized debt issuance costs.(a)
(a)
324
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon uses the following methods and assumptions to estimate fair value of financial liabilities recorded at carrying cost:
Type Level Registrants Valuation
Long-Term Debt, including amounts due within one year
Taxable Debt Securities 2 AllThe fair value is determined by a valuation model that is based on a conventional
discounted cash flow methodology and utilizes assumptions of current market
pricing curves. Exelon obtains credit spreads based on trades of existing Exelon
debt securities as well as other issuers in the utility sector with similar credit
ratings. The yields are then converted into discount rates of various tenors that
are used for discounting the respective cash flows of the same tenor for each
bond or note.
Variable Rate Financing
Debt2Exelon, Generation,
DPLDebt rates are reset on a regular basis and the carrying value approximates fair
value.
Taxable Private Placement
Debt Securities3Exelon, Pepco, DPL,
ACERates are obtained similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due to low
trading volume and qualitative factors such as market conditions, low volume of
investors, and investor demand, these debt securities are Level 3.
Government Backed Fixed
Rate Project Financing Debt3 Exelon, GenerationThe fair value is similar to the process for taxable debt securities. Due to the lack
of market trading data on similar debt, the discount rates are derived based on the
original loan interest rate spread to the applicable U.S. Treasury rate as well as a
current market curve derived from government-backed securities.
Non-Government Backed
Fixed Rate Nonrecourse
Debt3Exelon, Generation,
PepcoFair value is based on market and quoted prices for its own and other
nonrecourse debt with similar risk profiles. Given the low trading volume in the
nonrecourse debt market, the price quotes used to determine fair value will reflect
certain qualitative factors, such as market conditions, investor demand, new
developments that might significantly impact the project cash flows or off-taker
credit, and other circumstances related to the project.
Long-Term Debt to Financing Trusts
Long Term Debt to
Financing Trusts3 Exelon, ComEd, PECOFair value is based on publicly traded securities issued by the financing trusts.
Due to low trading volume of these securities and qualitative factors, such as
market conditions, investor demand, and circumstances related to each issue, this
debt is classified as Level 3.
SNF Obligation
SNF Obligation 2 Exelon, GenerationThe carrying amount is derived from a contract with the DOE to provide for
disposal of SNF from Generation’s nuclear generating stations. When determining
the fair value of the obligation, the future carrying amount of the SNF obligation is
calculated by compounding the current book value of the SNF obligation at the
13-week U.S. Treasury rate. The compounded obligation amount is discounted
back to present value using Generation’s discount rate, which is calculated using
the same methodology as described above for the taxable debt securities, and an
estimated maturity date of 2035 and 2030 for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively.
Recurring Fair V alue Measurements
The following tables present assets and liabiliti es measured and recorded at fair value in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance
Sheets on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2020 and 2019:
325
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon and Generation
Exelon Generation
As of December 31, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 686 $ — $ — $ — $ 686 $ 124 $ — $ — $ — $ 124 
NDT fund investments
Cash equivalents 210 95 — — 305 210 95 — — 305 
Equities 3,886 2,077 — 1,562 7,525 3,886 2,077 — 1,562 7,525 
Fixed income
Corporate debt — 1,485 285 — 1,770 — 1,485 285 — 1,770 
U.S. Treasury and
agencies 1,871 126 — — 1,997 1,871 126 — — 1,997 
Foreign
governments — 56 — — 56 — 56 — — 56 
State and municipal
debt — 101 — — 101 — 101 — — 101 
Other — 41 — 961 1,002 — 41 — 961 1,002 
Fixed income subtotal 1,871 1,809 285 961 4,926 1,871 1,809 285 961 4,926 
Private credit — — 212 629 841 — — 212 629 841 
Private equity — — — 504 504 — — — 504 504 
Real estate — — — 679 679 — — — 679 679 
NDT fund
investments
subtotal 5,967 3,981 497 4,335 14,780 5,967 3,981 497 4,335 14,780 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 60 — — — 60 4 — — — 4 
Mutual funds 91 — — — 91 29 — — — 29 
Fixed income — 11 — — 11 — — — — — 
Life insurance contracts — 87 34 — 121 — 28 — — 28 
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal 151 98 34 — 283 33 28 — — 61 
Investments in equities 195 — — — 195 195 — — — 195 
Commodity derivative assets
Economic hedges 745 1,914 1,599 — 4,258 745 1,914 1,599 — 4,258 
Proprietary trading — 17 27 — 44 — 17 27 — 44 
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral(607) (1,597) (905) — (3,109) (607) (1,597) (905) — (3,109)
Commodity derivative
assets subtotal 138 334 721 — 1,193 138 334 721 — 1,193 
DPP consideration — 639 — — 639 — 639 — — 639 
Total assets 7,137 5,052 1,252 4,335 17,776 6,457 4,982 1,218 4,335 16,992 
Liabilities
Commodity derivative
liabilities
Economic hedges (682) (1,928) (1,655) — (4,265) (682) (1,928) (1,354) — (3,964)
Proprietary trading — (21) (4) — (25) — (21) (4) — (25)
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral540 1,918 1,067 — 3,525 540 1,918 1,067 — 3,525 
Commodity derivative
liabilities subtotal (142) (31) (592) — (765) (142) (31) (291) — (464)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (145) — — (145) — (42) — — (42)
Total liabilities (142) (176) (592) — (910) (142) (73) (291) — (506)
Total net assets $ 6,995 $ 4,876 $ 660 $ 4,335 $16,866 $ 6,315 $ 4,909 $ 927 $ 4,335 $16,486 (a)
(b)
(c)
(d)(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
(g)
(h)
326
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon Generation
As of December 31, 2019 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Not subject
to leveling Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 639 $ — $ — $ — $ 639 $ 214 $ — $ — $ — $ 214 
NDT fund investments
Cash equivalents 365 87 — — 452 365 87 — — 452 
Equities 3,353 1,801 — 1,388 6,542 3,353 1,801 — 1,388 6,542 
Fixed income
Corporate debt — 1,421 257 — 1,678 — 1,421 257 — 1,678 
U.S. Treasury and
agencies 1,808 131 — — 1,939 1,808 131 — — 1,939 
Foreign
governments — 42 — — 42 — 42 — — 42 
State and municipal
debt — 90 — — 90 — 90 — — 90 
Other — 33 — 953 986 — 33 — 953 986 
Fixed income subtotal 1,808 1,717 257 953 4,735 1,808 1,717 257 953 4,735 
Private credit — — 254 508 762 — — 254 508 762 
Private equity — — — 402 402 — — — 402 402 
Real estate — — — 607 607 — — — 607 607 
NDT fund
investments
subtotal 5,526 3,605 511 3,858 13,500 5,526 3,605 511 3,858 13,500 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 50 — — — 50 4 — — — 4 
Mutual funds 81 — — — 81 25 — — — 25 
Fixed income — 12 — — 12 — — — — — 
Life insurance contracts — 78 41 — 119 — 25 — — 25 
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal 131 90 41 — 262 29 25 — — 54 
Commodity derivative assets
Economic hedges 768 2,491 1,485 — 4,744 768 2,491 1,485 — 4,744 
Proprietary trading — 37 60 — 97 — 37 60 — 97 
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral(908) (2,162) (588) — (3,658) (908) (2,162) (588) — (3,658)
Commodity
derivative assets
subtotal (140) 366 957 — 1,183 (140) 366 957 — 1,183 
Total assets 6,156 4,061 1,509 3,858 15,584 5,629 3,996 1,468 3,858 14,951 
Liabilities
Commodity derivative
liabilities
Economic hedges (1,071) (2,855) (1,228) — (5,154) (1,071) (2,855) (927) — (4,853)
Proprietary trading — (34) (15) — (49) — (34) (15) — (49)
Effect of netting and
allocation of collateral1,071 2,714 802 — 4,587 1,071 2,714 802 — 4,587 
Commodity
derivative liabilities
subtotal — (175) (441) — (616) — (175) (140) — (315)
Deferred compensation
obligation — (147) — — (147) — (41) — — (41)
Total liabilities — (322) (441) — (763) — (216) (140) — (356)
Total net assets $ 6,156 $ 3,739 $ 1,068 $ 3,858 $14,821 $ 5,629 $ 3,780 $ 1,328 $ 3,858 $14,595 
__________
(a)Exelon excludes cash of $409 million and $373 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and restricted cash of $59 million and
$110 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $53 million and $177 million at
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)(e)
(g)
(h)
(g)
(h)
327
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generation excludes cash of $171 million and $177 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and
restricted cash of $20 million and $58 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
(b)Includes $116 million and $90 million of cash received from outstanding repurchase agreements at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively,
and is offset by an obligation to repay upon settlement of the agreement as discussed in (e) below.
(c)Includes investments in equities sold short of $(62) million and $(48) million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, held in an
investment vehicle primarily to hedge the equity option component of its convertible debt.
(d)Includes derivative assets of $2 million and $2 million, which have total notional amounts of $1,043 million and $724 million at December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively. The notional principal amounts for these instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume outstanding
as of the periods ended and do not represent the amount of Exelon and Generation's exposure to credit or market loss.
(e)Excludes net liabilities of $181 million and $147 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which include certain derivative assets
that have notional amounts of $104 million and $99 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These items consist of receivables
related to pending securities sales, interest and dividend receivables, repurchase agreement obligations, and payables related to pending
securities purchases. The repurchase agreements are generally short-term in nature with durations generally of 30 days or less.
(f)Reflects equity investments held by Generation which were previously designated as equity investments without readily determinable fair values
but are now publicly traded and therefore have readily determinable fair values. Generation recorded the fair value of these investments in Other
current assets on Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the quoted market prices of the stocks at December 31,
2020, which resulted in an unrealized gain of $186 million within Other, net in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated Statement of Operations
and Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2020.
(g)Collateral posted/(received) from counterparties, net of collateral paid to counterparties, totaled $(67) million, $321 million, and $162 million
allocated to Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 mark-to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2020. Collateral posted/(received) from
counterparties, net of collateral paid to counterparties, totaled $163 million, $551 million, and $214 million allocated to Level 1, Level 2, and
Level 3 mark-to-market derivatives, respectively, as of December 31, 2019.
(h)Of the collateral posted/(received), $209 million and $511 million represents variation margin on the exchanges as of December 31, 2020 and
2019, respectively.
As of December 31, 2020, Exelon and Generation have outstanding commitments to invest in private credit, private equity , and real
estate investments of approximately $195 million, $254 million, and $369 million, respectively . These commitments will be funded by
Generation’ s existing NDT  funds.
Exelon and Generation held investments without readily determinable fair values with carrying amounts of $73 million and $55 million
as of December 31, 2020, respectively . Exelon and Generation held investments without readily determinable fair values with
carrying amounts of $69 million as of December 31, 2019. Changes in fair value, cumulative adjustments, and impairmen ts were not
material for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.
ComEd, PECO, and BGE
ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $285 $ — $ — $285 $ 8 $ — $ — $ 8 $120 $ — $ — $120 
Rabbi trust investments
Mutual funds — — — — 9 — — 9 10 — — 10 
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 13 — 13 — — — — 
Rabbi trust
investments subtotal — — — — 9 13 — 22 10 — — 10 
Total assets 285 — — 285 17 13 — 30 130 — — 130 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — (301) (301) — — — — — — — — 
Deferred compensation
obligation — (8) — (8) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total liabilities — (8) (301) (309) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets (liabilities)$285 $ (8)$(301)$ (24)$ 17 $ 4 $ — $ 21 $130 $ (5)$ — $125 (a)
(b)
328
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
ComEd PECO BGE
As of December 31, 2019 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 280 $ — $ — $280 $ 15 $ — $ — $ 15 $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Rabbi trust investments
Mutual funds — — — — 8 — — 8 8 — — 8 
Life insurance
contracts — — — — — 11 — 11 — — — — 
Rabbi trust
investments
subtotal — — — — 8 11 — 19 8 — — 8 
Total assets 280 — — 280 23 11 — 34 8 — — 8 
Liabilities
Mark-to-market derivative
liabilities — — (301) (301) — — — — — — — — 
Deferred compensation
obligation — (8) — (8) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total liabilities — (8) (301) (309) — (9) — (9) — (5) — (5)
Total net assets
(liabilities) $ 280 $ (8)$(301)$(29)$ 23 $ 2 $ — $ 25 $ 8 $ (5)$ — $ 3 
__________
(a)ComEd excludes cash of $83 million and $90 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and restricted cash of $37 million and $33
million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $43 million and $163 million at December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. PECO excludes cash of $18 million
and $12 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. BGE excludes cash of $24 million at both December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively, and restricted cash of $1 million at both December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(b)The Level 3 balance consists of the current and noncurrent liability of $33 million and $268 million, respectively, at December 31, 2020 and $32
million and $269 million, respectively, at December 31, 2019 related to floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers.
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE
As of December 31, 2020 As of December 31, 2019
PHI Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 86 $ — $ — $ 86 $ 124 $ — $ — $ 124 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 55 — — 55 44 — — 44 
Mutual funds 14 — — 14 14 — — 14 
Fixed income — 11 — 11 — 12 — 12 
Life insurance contracts — 26 34 60 — 24 41 65 
Rabbi trust investments subtotal 69 37 34 140 58 36 41 135 
Total assets 155 37 34 226 182 36 41 259 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation obligation — (17) — (17) — (19) — (19)
Total liabilities — (17) — (17) — (19) — (19)
Total net assets $ 155 $ 20 $ 34 $ 209 $ 182 $ 17 $ 41 $ 240 (a)
(b)
(a)
329
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 35 $ — $ — $35 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 13 $ — $ — $13 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 53 — — 53 — — — — — — — — 
Fixed income — 2 — 2 — — — — — — — — 
Life insurance
contracts — 26 34 60 — — — — — — — — 
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 53 28 34 115 — — — — — — — — 
Total assets 88 28 34 150 — — — — 13 — — 13 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation
obligation — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total liabilities — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total net assets $ 88 $ 26 $ 34 $148 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 13 $ — $ — $13 
Pepco DPL ACE
As of December 31, 2019 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Cash equivalents $ 34 $ — $ — $34 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 16 $ — $ — $16 
Rabbi trust investments
Cash equivalents 43 — — 43 — — — — — — — — 
Fixed income — 2 — 2 — — — — — — — — 
Life insurance
contracts — 24 41 65 — — — — — — — — 
Rabbi trust investments
subtotal 43 26 41 110 — — — — — — — — 
Total assets 77 26 41 144 — — — — 16 — — 16 
Liabilities
Deferred compensation
obligation — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total liabilities — (2) — (2) — — — — — — — — 
Total net assets $ 77 $ 24 $ 41 $142 $ — $ — $ — $— $ 16 $ — $ — $16 
__________
(a)PHI excludes cash of $74 million and $57 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $10
million and $14 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which is reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Pepco excludes cash of $30 million and $29 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. DPL excludes cash of $15 million
and $13 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. ACE excludes cash of $17 million and $12 million at December 31, 2020 and
2019, respectively, and includes long-term restricted cash of $10 million and $14 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which is
reported in Other deferred debits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)
(a)
330
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Reconciliation of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities
The following tables present the fair value reconciliation of Level 3 assets and liabilities measur ed at fair value on a recurring basis
during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:
Exelon Generation ComEd PHI and Pepco
For the year ended December 31, 2020 TotalNDT Fund
InvestmentsMark-to-Market
Derivatives Total GenerationMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
ContractsEliminated in
Consolidation
Balance as of January 1, 2020 $ 1,068 $ 511 $ 817 $ 1,328 $ (301) $ 41 $ — 
Total realized / unrealized gains
(losses)
Included in net income (409) 2 (414) (412) — 3 — 
Included in noncurrent payables
to affiliates — 21 — 21 — — (21)
Included in regulatory
assets/liabilities 21 — — — — — 21 
Change in collateral (53) — (53) (53) — — — 
Purchases, sales, issuances and
settlements
Purchases 151 8 143 151 — — — 
Sales (27) — (27) (27) — — — 
Settlements (55) (45) — (45) — (10) — 
Transfers into Level 3 (12) — (12) (12) — — — 
Transfers out of Level 3 (24) — (24) (24) — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2020 $ 660 $ 497 $ 430 $ 927 $ (301) $ 34 $ — 
The amount of total gains included in
net income attributed to the change in
unrealized gains (losses) related to
assets and liabilities held as of
December 31, 2020 $ 11 $ 2 $ 6 $ 8 $ — $ 3 $ — (a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
331
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon Generation ComEd PHI and Pepco
For the year ended December 31, 2019 TotalNDT Fund
InvestmentsMark-to-Market
Derivatives Total GenerationMark-to-Market
DerivativesLife Insurance
ContractsEliminated in
Consolidation
Balance as of January 1, 2019 $ 907 $ 543 $ 575 $ 1,118 $ (249) $ 38 $ — 
Total realized / unrealized gains
(losses)
Included in net income (23) 5 (31) (26) — 3 — 
Included in noncurrent payables
to affiliates — 34 — 34 — — (34)
Included in regulatory
assets/liabilities (18) — — — (52) — 34 
Change in collateral 138 — 138 138 — — — 
Purchases, sales, issuances and
settlements
Purchases 176 44 132 176 — — — 
Sales (23) (21) (2) (23) — — — 
Settlements (89) (94) 5 (89) — — — 
Transfers into Level 3 5 — 5 5 — — — 
Transfers out of Level 3 (5) — (5) (5) — — — 
Balance as of December 31, 2019 $ 1,068 $ 511 $ 817 $ 1,328 $ (301) $ 41 $ — 
The amount of total gains included in
net income attributed to the change in
unrealized gains (losses) related to
assets and liabilities held as of
December 31, 2019 $ 359 $ 5 $ 351 $ 356 $ — $ 3 $ — 
__________
(a)Includes a reduction for the reclassification of $420 million and $377 million of realized gains due to the settlement of derivative contracts for the
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(b)Includes $33 million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $33 million recorded in purchased power
expense associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2020. Includes $78
million of decreases in fair value and an increase for realized losses due to settlements of $26 million recorded in purchased power expense
associated with floating-to-fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2019.
(c)Transfers into and out of Level 3 generally occur when the contract tenor becomes less and more observable, respectively, primarily due to
changes in market liquidity or assumptions for certain commodity contracts.
The followin g tables present the income statement classification of the total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
income for Level 3 asset s and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019:
Exelon GenerationPHI and
Pepco
Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
FuelOperating and
Maintenance Other, netOperating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel Other, netOperating and
Maintenance
Total (losses) gains included in net
income for the year ended
December 31, 2020 $ (404)$ (10)$ 3 $ 2 $ (404)$ (10)$ 2 $ 3 
Change in unrealized (losses)
gains relating to assets and
liabilities held for the year ended
December 31, 2020 (31) 37 3 2 (31) 37 2 3 (a)
(b)
(c)
(c)
332
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Exelon GenerationPHI and
Pepco
Operating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
FuelOperating and
Maintenance Other, netOperating
RevenuesPurchased
Power and
Fuel Other, netOperating and
Maintenance
Total gains (losses) included in net
income for the year ended
December 31, 2019 $ 219 $ (245)$ 3 $ 5 $ 219 $ (245)$ 5 $ 3 
Change in unrealized gains
(losses) relating to assets and
liabilities held for the year ended
December 31, 2019 546 (195) 3 5 546 (195) 5 3 
Valuation T echniques Used to Determine Fair V alue
Cash Equivalents (All Registrants).  Investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, including mutual
and money market funds, are considered cash equivalents. The fair values are based on obser vable market prices and, therefore,
are included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1.
NDT Fund Investments (Exelon and Generation). The trust fund investments have been established to satisfy Generation’ s and
CENG's nuclear decommissioning obligations as required by the NRC. The NDT funds hold debt and equity securities directly and
indirectly through commingled funds and mutual funds, which are included in equities and fixed income. Generation’ s and CENG's
NDT fund investments policies outline investment guidelines for the trusts and limit the trust funds’  exposures to investments in
highly illiquid markets and other alternative investments, including private credit, private equity , and real estate. Investments with
maturities of three months or less when purchased, including certain short-term fixed income securities are considered cash
equivalents and included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1 or Level 2.
Equities.  These investments consist of individually held equity securities, equity mutual funds, and equity commingled funds in
domestic and foreign markets. With respect to individually held equity securities, the trustees obtain prices from pricing services,
whose price s are generally obtained from direct feeds from market exchanges, which Exelon and Generation are able to
independently corrobora te. Equity securities held individually , including real estate investment trusts, rights, and warrants, are
primarily traded on exchanges that contain only actively traded securities due to the volume trading requirements imposed by these
exchanges. The equity securities that are held directly by the trust funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and
categorized as Level 1. Certain equity securities have been categorized as Level 2 because they are based on evaluated prices that
reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information or similar securities. Certain private placement equity
securities are categorized as Level 3 because they are not publicly traded and are priced using significant unobservable inputs.
Equity comm ingled funds and mutual funds are maintained by investment companies, and fund investments are held in accordance
with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly
quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For equity
commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted, the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund
share, deriv ed from the quoted prices in active  markets of the underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value
hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly or more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without
further restrictions.
Fixed income.  For fixed income securities, which consist primarily of corporate debt securities, U.S. government securities, foreign
government securities, municipal bonds, asset and mortgage-backed securities, commingled funds, mutual funds, and derivative
instruments, the trustees obtain multiple prices from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations in
addition to checks for unusual daily movements . A primary price source is identified based on asset type, class, or issue for each
security . With respect to individually held fixed income securities, the trustees monitor prices supplied by pricing services and may
use a supplemental price source or change the primary price source of a given security if the portfolio managers challenge an
assigned price and the trustees determine that another price source is considered to be prefe rable. Exelon and Generation have
obtained an understandi ng of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such
prices. Additionally , Exelon and Generation selectively
333
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
corroborate the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based price sources. Investments in U.S. Treasury securities
have been categorized as Level 1 because they trade in highly-liquid and transparent markets. Certain private placement fixed
income secu rities have been categorized as Level 3 because they are priced using certain significant unobservable inputs and are
typically illiquid. The remaining fixed income securities, including certain other fixed income investments, are based on evaluated
prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar securities, adjusted for observable
differences and are categorized as Level 2.
Other fixed income investments primarily consi st of fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds, which are maintained by
investment companies and hold fund investmen ts in accordance with a stated set of fund objectives. The values of some of these
funds are publicly quoted. For mutual funds which are publicly quoted, the funds are valued based on quoted prices in active
markets and have been categorized as Level 1. For fixed income commingled funds and mutual funds which are not publicly quoted,
the fund administrators value the funds using the NAV per fund share, derived from the quoted prices in active markets of the
underlying securities and are not classified within the fair value hierarchy . These investments typically can be redeemed monthly or
more frequently , with 30 or less days of notice and without further restrictions.
Derivative instruments.  These instruments, consisting primarily of futures and swaps to manage risk, are recorded at fair value.
Over-the-counter derivatives are valued daily, based on quoted prices in active markets and trade in open markets, and have been
categorized as Level 1. Derivative instruments other than over-the-counter derivatives are valued based on external price data of
comparable securities and have been categorized as Level 2.
Private credit.  Private credit investments primarily consist of investments in private debt strategies. These investments are generally
less liquid assets with an underlying term of 3 to 5 years and are intended to be held to maturity . The fair value of these investments
is determined by the fund manager or administrator using a combination of valuation models including cost models, market models,
and income models and typically cannot be redeemed until maturity of the term loan. Private  credit investments held directly by
Exelon and Generation are categorized as Level 3 because they are based largely on inputs that are unobservable and utilize
complex valuation models. For managed private  credit funds, the fair value is determined using a combination of valuation models
including cost models, market models, and income models and typically cannot be redeemed until maturity of the term loan.
Managed private credit fund investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy because  their fair value is determined using
NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient.
Private equity . These investments include those in limited partnerships that invest in operating companies that are not publicly traded
on a stock exchange such as leveraged buyouts, growth capital, venture capital, distressed investments, and investments in natural
resources. These investments typically cannot be redeemed and are generally liquidated over a period of 8 to 10 years from the
initial investment date, which is based on Exelon 's understanding of the investment funds. Private equity valuations are reported by
the fund manager and are based on the valuation of the underlying investments, which include unobservable inputs such as cost,
operating results, discounted future cash flows, and market based comparable data. These valuation inputs are unobservable. The
fair value of private equity investments is deter mined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these
investments are not classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Real estate.  These investments are funds with a direct inves tment in pools of real estate properties. These funds are reported by the
fund manager and are generally based on independent appraisals from sources with professional qualifications, typically using a
combination of market comparables and discounted cash flows. These valuation inputs are unobservable. The fair value of real
estate investments is determined using NAV or its equivalent as a practical expedient, and therefore, these investments are not
classified within the fair value hierarchy .
Generation evaluated its NDT portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2020. Types
of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to, investment concentrations  in a single entity , type of industry ,
foreign country , and individual fund. As of December 31, 2020, there were no significant concentr ations (generally defined as greater
than 10 percent) of risk in Generation's NDT  assets.
See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information on the NDT fund investments. See Note 15 — Retirement
Benefits for the valuation techniques used for hedge fund investments.
334
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
Rabbi Trust Investments (Exelon, Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE). The Rabbi trusts were established to
hold assets related to deferred compensation plans existing for certain active and retired members of Exelon’ s executive
management and directors. The Rabbi trusts' assets are included in investments in the Registrants’  Consolidated Balance Sheets
and consist primarily of money market funds, mutual funds, fixed income securities, and life insurance policies. Money market funds
and mutual funds are publicly quoted and have been categorized as Level 1 given the clear observability of the prices. The fair
values of fixed income securities are based on evaluated prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade
information or similar securities, adjusted for observable differences and are categorized in Level 2. The life insurance policies are
valued using the cash surrender value of the policies, net of loans against those policies, which is provided by a third-party . Certain
life insurance policies, which consist primarily of mutual funds that are priced based on observable market data, have been
categorized as Level 2 because the life insurance policies can be liquidated at the reporting date for the value of the underlying
assets. Life insurance policies that are valued using unobservable inputs have been categorized  as Level 3, where the fair value is
determined based on the cash surrender value of the policy , which contains unobservable inputs  and assumptions. Because Exelon
relies on its third-party insurance provider to develop the inputs without adjustment for the valuations of its Level 3 investments,
quantitative information about significant unobs ervable inputs used in valuing these investments is not reasonably available to
Exelon. Therefore, Exelon has not disclosed such inputs.
Deferred Compensation Obligations (All Registrants).   The Regist rants’  deferr ed compensation plans allow participants to defer
certain cash compensation into a notional investment account. The Registrants include such plans in other current and noncurrent
liabilities in their Consol idated Balance Sheets. The value of the Registrants’  deferred compensation obligations is based on the
market value of the participants’  notional investment accounts. The underlying notional inves tments are comprised primarily of
equities, mutual funds, commingled funds, and fixed income securities which are based on direc tly and indirectly observable market
prices. Since  the deferred compensation obligations themselves are not exchanged in an active market, they are categorized as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .
The value of certain employment agreement obligations (which are included with the Deferred Compensation Obligation in the tables
above) are based on a known and certain stream of payments to be made over time and are categorized as Level 2 within the fair
value hierarchy .
Investments in Equities (Exelon and Generation).  Exelon and Generation hold certain investments in equity securities with
readily deter minable fair values in addition to those held within the NDT funds. These equity securities are valued based on quoted
prices in active markets and are categorized as Level 1.
Deferred Purchase Price Consideration (Exelon and Generation).   Exelon and Generation have DPP  consideration for the sale
of certain receivables of retail electricity at Generation. This amount is valued based on the sales price of the receivables net of
allowance for credit losses based on accounts receivable aging historical experience coupled with specific identification through a
credit monitoring process, which considers current conditions and forward-looking information such as industry trends,
macroeconomic factors, changes in the regulatory environment, external credit ratings, publicly available news, payment status,
payment history , and the exercise of collateral calls. Since the DPP  consideration is based on the sales price of the receivables, it is
categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy . See Note 6 — Accounts Receivable for additional information on the sale of certain
receivables.
Mark-to-Market Derivatives (Exelon, Generati on, and ComEd).  Deriva tive contracts are traded in both exchang e-based and non-
exchange-based markets. Exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are
categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy . Certain derivatives’  pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available
through brokers or over-the-counter , on-line exchanges and are categorized in Level 2. These price quotations reflect the average of
the bid-ask,  mid-point prices and are obtained from sources that the Registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the
commodity . The price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly
transaction between market participants. This includes consideration of actual transaction volumes, market delivery points, bid-ask
spreads, and contract duration. The remainder of derivative contracts are valued using the Black  model, an industry standard option
valuation model. The Black model takes into account inputs such as contract terms, including maturity , and market parameters,
including assumptions of the future prices of energy , interest rates, volatility , credit worthiness, and credit spread. For derivatives that
trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards , swaps, and options, model inputs are generall y observable. Such instruments are
categorized in Level 2. The Registrants’  derivatives are predominantly at liquid trading points.
335
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
For derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, model inputs generally would include both observable
and unobse rvable input s. These valuations may include an estimated basis adjustment from an illiquid trading point to a liquid
trading point for which active price quotations are available. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3.
For valuations that include both observable and unobservable inputs, if the unobservable input is determined to be significant to the
overall input s, the entire valuation is categorized  in Level 3. This includes derivatives valued using indicative price quotations whose
contract tenure extends into unobservable periods. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the
assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability . This includes assumptions about market risks such
as liquidity , volatility , and contract duration. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3 as the model inputs generally are not
observable. Forward price curves for the power market utilized by the front office to manage the portfolio, are reviewed and verified
by the middle office, and used for financial reporting by the back office. The Registrants consider credit and nonperformance risk in
the valuatio n of derivative contracts categorized in Level 2 and 3, including both historical and current market data, in their
assessment of credit and nonperformance risk by counterparty . Due to master netting agreements and collateral posting
requirements, the impacts of credit and nonperformance risk were not material to the financial statements.
Disclosed below is detail surrounding the Registrants’  significant Level 3 valuations. The calculated fair value includes marketability
discounts for margining provisions and other attributes. Generation’ s Level 3 balance generally consists of forward sales and
purchases of power and natural gas and certain transmission congestion contracts. Generation utilizes various inputs and factors
including market data and assumptions that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities as well as assumptions
about the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. The inputs and factors include forward commodity prices,
commodity price volatility , contractual volume s, delivery location, interest rates, credit quality of counterparties, and credit
enhancements.
For commodity derivatives, the primary input to the valuation models is the forward commodity price curve for each instrument.
Forward commodity price curves are derived by risk management for liquid locations and by the traders and portfolio managers for
illiquid locati ons. All locations are reviewed and verified by risk management considering published exchange transaction prices,
executed bilateral transactions, broker quotes, and other observable or public data sources. The relevant forward commodity curve
used to value each of the derivatives depends on a number of factors, including commodity type, delivery location, and delivery
period. Price volatility varies by commodity and location. When appropriate, Generation discoun ts future cash flows using risk free
interest rates with adjustments to reflect the credit quality of each counterparty for assets and Generation’ s own credit quality for
liabilities. The level of observability of a forward  commodity price varies generally due to the delivery location and delivery period.
Certain delivery locations including PJM West Hub (for power) and Henry Hub (for natural gas) are more liquid and prices are
observable for up to three years in the future. The observability period of volatility is generally shorter than the underlying power
curve used in option valuations. The forward curve for a less liquid location is estimated by using the forward curve from the liquid
location and applying a spread to represent the cost to transport the commodity to the delivery location. This spread does not
typically represent a majority of the instrument’ s market price. As a result, the change in fair value is closely tied to liquid market
movements and not a change in the applied spread. The change in fair value associated with a change in the spread is generally
immaterial. An average spread calculated acros s all Level 3 power and gas delivery locations is approximately $2.49 and $0.38 for
power and natural gas, respectively . Many of the commodity derivatives are short term in nature and thus a majority of the fair value
may be based on observable inputs even though the contract as a whole must be classified as Level 3.
On December 17, 2010, ComEd entered into several 20-year floating to fixed energy swap contracts with unaffiliated suppliers for
the procurement of long-term renewable energy and associated RECs. See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for
additional information. The fair value of these swaps has been designated as a Level 3 valua tion due to the long tenure of the
positions and internal modeling assumptions. The modeling assumptions include using natural gas heat rates to project long term
forward power curves adjusted by a renewable  factor that incorporates time of day and seasonality factors to reflect accurate
renewable energy pricing. In addition, marketability reserves are applied to the positions based on the tenor and supplier risk.
See Note 16 — Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on mark-to-market derivatives.
336
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 18 — Fair V alue of Financial Assets and Liabilities
The following table presents the significant inputs to the forward curve used to value these positions:
Type of tradeFair Value at
December 31,
2020Fair Value at
December 31,
2019Valuation
TechniqueUnobservable
Input2020 Range & Arithmetic
Average2019 Range & Arithmetic
Average
Mark-to-
market derivatives—
Economic
hedges (Exelon and
Generation) $ 245 $ 558 Discounted
Cash FlowForward power
price $2.25-$163 $30 $9 -$180 $29
Forward gas
price $1.57-$7.88 $2.59 $0.83-$10.72 $2.55
Option 
ModelVolatility
percentage 11% -237% 32% 8% -236% 70%
Mark-to-
market derivatives—
Proprietary trading
(Exelon and Generation)$ 23 $ 45 Discounted
Cash FlowForward power
price $10 -$106 $27 $25 -$180 $33
Mark-to-market
derivatives (Exelon and
ComEd) $ (301)$ (301)Discounted
Cash FlowForward heat
rate 8x - 9x 8.85x 9x - 10x 9.68x
Marketability
reserve 3% - 8% 4.93% 3% - 7% 4.95%
Renewable
factor 91% -123% 99% 91% -123% 99%
__________
(a)The valuation techniques, unobservable inputs, ranges, and arithmetic averages are the same for the asset and liability positions.
(b)The fair values do not include cash collateral posted on level three positions of $162 million and $214 million as of December 31, 2020 and
December 31, 2019, respectively.
(c)Quoted forward natural gas rates are utilized to project the forward power curve for the delivery of energy at specified future dates. The natural
gas curve is extrapolated beyond its observable period to the end of the contract’s delivery.
The inputs listed above , which are as of the balance sheet date, would have a direct impa ct on the fair values of the above
instruments if they were adjusted. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Generation’ s
commodity derivatives are forward commodity prices and for options is price volatility . Increases (decreases) in the forward
commodity price in isolation would result in significantly higher (lower) fair values for long positi ons (contracts that give Generation
the obligatio n or option to purchase a commodity), with offsetting impacts to short positions (contracts that give Generation the
obligation or right to sell a commodity). Increases (decreases) in volatility would increase (decrease) the value for the holder of the
option (writer of the option). Generally , a change in the estimate of forward commodity prices is unrelated to a change in the estimate
of volatility of prices. An increase to the reserves listed above would decrease the fair value of the positions. An increase to the heat
rate or renewable factors would increase the fair value accordingly . Generally , interrelationships exist between market prices of
natural gas and power . As such, an increase in natural gas pricing would potentially have a similar impact on forward power markets.(a)(b)
(a)(b)
(c)
337
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
19. Commitments and Contingencies  (All Registrants)
Commitments
PHI Merger Commitments (Exelon, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE).  Approval of the PHI merger in Delaware, New Jersey , Maryland,
and the District of Columbia was conditioned upon Exelon and PHI agreeing to certain commitments. The following amounts
represent total commitment costs that have been  recorded since the acquisition date and the total remaining obligations for Exelon,
PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE as of December 31, 2020:
Description Exelon PHI Pepco DPL ACE
Total commitments $ 513 $ 320 $ 120 $ 89 $ 111 
Remaining commitments 82 67 55 7 5 
__________
(a)Remaining commitments extend through 2026 and include rate credits, energy efficiency programs, and delivery system modernization.
In addition, Exelon is committed to develop or to assist in the commercial development of approximately 37 MWs  of new solar
generation in Maryland, District of Columbia, and Delaware at an estimated cost of approximate ly $135 million , which  will generate
future earnin gs at Exelon and Generation. Investment costs, which are expected to be primarily capital in nature, are recognized as
incurred and recorded in Exelon's and Generatio n's financial statements. As of December 31, 2020, 27 MWs of new generation  were
developed and Exelon and Generation have incurred costs of $119 million. Exelon has also comm itted to purchase 100 MWs of
wind energy in PJM. DPL has committed to conducting three RFPs to procure up to a total of 120 MWs  of wind RECs for the
purpose of meeting Delaware's renewable portfolio standards. DPL has conducted two of the three wind REC RFPs. The first 40 MW
wind REC tranche was conducted in 2017 and did not result in a purchase agreement. The second 40 MW wind REC tranche was
conducted in 2018 and resulted in a proposed REC purchase agreement that was approved by the DPSC in March 2019. The third
and final 40 MW wind REC tranche will be conducted in 2022.(a)
338
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
Commercial Commitm ents (All Registrants). The Registrants' commercial commitments as of December 31, 2020, representing
commitments potentially triggered by future events, were as follows:
Expiration within
Exelon Total 2021 2022 2023 2024 20252026 and
beyond
Letters of credit $ 1,243   $ 1,179   $ 50  $ 14  $ —  $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 1,070  1,017  53 — — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 378  — — — — — 378 
Guaranteed lease residual values 28 2 3 3 6 5 9 
Total commercial commitments $ 2,719   $ 2,198   $ 106  $ 17  $ 6 $ 5 $ 387 
Generation
Letters of credit $ 1,228  $ 1,164  $ 50 $ 14 $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 926 873 53 — — — — 
Total commercial commitments $ 2,154   $ 2,037   $ 103  $ 14  $ — $ — $ — 
ComEd
Letters of credit $ 7 $ 7 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 16 16 — — — — — 
Financing trust guarantees 200 — — — — — 200 
Total commercial commitments $ 223  $ 23  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ 200 
PECO
Surety bonds $ 2 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Financing trust guarantees 178 — — — — — 178 
Total commercial commitments $ 180  $ 2  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ 178 
BGE
Letters of credit $ 2 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Surety bonds 3 3 — — — — — 
Total commercial commitments $ 5  $ 5  $ —  $ —  $ — $ — $ — 
PHI
Surety bonds $ 22 $ 22 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 28 2 3 3 6 5 9 
Total commercial commitments $ 50  $ 24  $ 3  $ 3  $ 6 $ 5 $ 9 
Pepco
Surety bonds $ 14 $ 14 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 9 — 1 1 2 2 3 
Total commercial commitments $ 23  $ 14  $ 1  $ 1  $ 2 $ 2 $ 3 
DPL
Surety bonds $ 4 $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 12 1 1 1 3 2 4 
Total commercial commitments $ 16  $ 5  $ 1  $ 1  $ 3 $ 2 $ 4 
ACE
Surety bonds $ 4 $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Guaranteed lease residual values 7 1 1 1 1 1 2 
Total commercial commitments $ 11  $ 5  $ 1  $ 1  $ 1 $ 1 $ 2 
__________
(a)Surety bonds—Guarantees issued related to contract and commercial agreements, excluding bid bonds.(a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
339
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
(b)Represents the maximum potential obligation in the event that the fair value of certain leased equipment and fleet vehicles is zero at the end of
the maximum lease term. The lease term associated with these assets ranges from 1 to 8 years. The maximum potential obligation at the end of
the minimum lease term would be $71 million guaranteed by Exelon and PHI, of which $24 million, $30 million, and $17 million is guaranteed by
Pepco, DPL, and ACE, respectively. Historically, payments under the guarantees have not been made and PHI believes the likelihood of
payments being required under the guarantees is remote.
Nuclear Insurance (Exelon and Generation)
Generation is subject to liability , property damage, and other risks associated with major incidents at any of its nuclear stations.
Generation has mitigated its financial exposure to these risks through insurance and other industry risk-sharing provisions.
The Price-Anderson Act was enacted to ensure the availability of funds for public liability claims arising from an incident at any of the
U.S. license d nuclear facilities and to limit the liability of nuclear reactor owners for such claims from any single incident. As of
December 31, 2020, the current liability limit per incident is $13.8 billion  and is subje ct to change to account for the effects of inflation
and changes in the number of licensed reactors at least once every five years with the last adjustment effective November 1, 2018.
In accordance with the Price-Anderson Act, Generation maintains financial protection at levels equal to the amount of liability
insurance available from private sources through the purchase of private nuclear energy liability insurance for public liability claims
that could arise in the event of an incident. Effective January 1, 2017, the required amount of nuclear energy liability insurance
purchased is $450 million  for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a
financial protection pool, as required by the Price Anderson-Act, which provides the additional $13.3 billion per incident in funds
available for public liability claims. Participation in this secondary financial protection pool requires the operator of each reactor to
fund its proportionate share of costs for any single incident that exceeds the primary layer of financial protection. Generation’ s share
of this secondary layer would be approximately $2.9 billion, however any amounts  payable under this secondary layer would be
capped at $434 million  per year .
In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay public liability claims
exceeding the $13.8 billion  limit for a single incident.
As part of the execution of the NOSA  on April 1, 2014, Generation executed an Indemnity Agree ment pursuant to which Generation
agreed to indemnify EDF and its affiliates against third-party claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the
Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the CEN G nuclear plants or their operations. Exelon guarantees Generation’ s obligations
under this indemnity . See Note 23 — Variable Interest Entities for additional information on Generation’ s operations relating to
CENG.
Generation is required each year to report to the NRC the current levels and sources of property insurance that demonstrates
Generation possesses sufficient financial resources to stabilize and decontaminate a reactor and reactor station site in the event of
an accident. The property insurance maintained for each facility is currently provided through insurance policies purchased from
NEIL, an industry mutual insurance company of which Generation is a member .
NEIL  may declare distri butions to its members as a result of favorable operating experience. In recent years, NEIL  has made
distributions to its memb ers, but Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. Generation's
portion of the annual distribution declared by NEIL  is estimated to be $75 million  for 2020, and was $136 million  and $58 million  for
2019 and 2018, respectively . In addition, in March 2018, NEIL  declared a supplemental distribution. Generation's portion of the
supplemental distributio n declared by NEIL  was $31 million . The distributions were  recorded as a reduction to Operating and
maintenance expense within Exelon and Generation’ s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Premiums paid to NEIL  by its members are also subject to a potential assessment for advers e loss experience in the form of a
retrospective premium obligation. NEIL  has never assessed this retrospective premium since its formation in 1973, and Generation
cannot predict the level of future assessments, if any. The current maximum aggregate annual retrospective premium obligation for
Generation is approximately $252 million. NEIL requires its members to maintain an investment grade credit rating or to ensure
collectability of their annual retrospective premiu m obligation by providing a financial guarantee, letter of credit, deposit premium, or
some other means of assurance.
340
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
NEIL  provide s “all risk” property damage, decontamination, and premature decommissioning insurance for each station for losses
resulting from damage to its nuclear plants, either due to accidents or acts of terrorism. If the decision is made to decommission the
facility , a portion of the insurance proceeds will be allocated to a fund, which Generation is required by the NRC to maintain, to
provide for decommissio ning the facility . In the event of an insured loss, Generation is unable to predict the timing of the availability
of insurance proceeds to Generation and the amount of such proceeds that would be available. In the event that one or more acts of
terrorism cause accidental property damage within a twelve-month period from the first accidental property damage under one or
more policie s for all insured plants, the maximu m recovery by Generation will be an aggregate of $3.2 billion plus such additional
amounts as the insurer may recover for all such losses from reinsurance, indemnity , and any other source, applicable to such losses.
For its insured losses, Generation is self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of
insurance maintained. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recoverable from insurers or the nuclear industry ,
could also be borne by Generation. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial
statements.
Spent Nuclear Fuel Obligation (Exelon and Generation)
Under the NWP A, the DOE is responsible for the development of a geologic repository for and the disposal of SNF and high-level
radioactive waste. As required by the NWP A, Generation is a party to contracts with the DOE (Standard Contracts) to provide for
disposal of SNF from Generation’ s nuclear generating stations. In accordance with the NWP A and the Standard Contracts,
Generation historically had paid the DOE one mill ($0.001 ) per kWh of net nuclear generation for the cost of SNF disposal. Due to
the lack of a viable disposal program, the DOE reduced the SNF disposal fee to zero in May 2014. Until a new fee structure is in
effect, Exelon and Gene ration will not accrue any further costs related to SNF disposal fees. This fee may be adjusted prospectively
to ensure full cost recovery .
Generation currently assumes the DOE will begin accepting SNF in 2035 and uses that date for purposes of estimating the nuclear
decommissioning asset retirement obligations. The SNF acceptance date assumption is based on management’ s estimates of the
amount of time required for DOE to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term SNF storage.
The NWPA and the Standard Contracts required the DOE to begin taking possession of SNF generated by nuclear generating units
by no later than January  31, 1998. The DOE, however , failed to meet that deadline and its performance is expected to be delayed
significantly . In August 2004, Generation and the DOJ, in close consultation with the DOE, reached a settlement under which the
government agreed to reimburse Generation, subject to certain damage limitations based on the extent of the government’ s breach,
for costs associated with storage of SNF at Gene ration’ s nuclear stations pending the DOE’ s fulfillment of its obligations.
Generation’ s settlement agreement does not include FitzPatrick and FitzPatrick does not currently have a settlement agreement in
place. Calve rt Cliffs, Ginna, and Nine Mile Point each have separate settlement agreements in place with the DOE which were
extended during 2020 to provide for the reimbursement of SNF storage costs through Decem ber 31, 2022. Generation submits
annual reimbursement requests to the DOE for costs associated with the storage of SNF. In all cases, reimbursement requests are
made only after costs are incurred and only for costs resulting from DOE delays in accepti ng the SNF .
Under the settlement agreements, Generation  received total cumulative cash reimbursements of $1,455  million through
December 31, 2020 for costs incurred. After considering the amounts due to co-owners of certai n nuclear stations and to the former
owner of Oyster Creek, Generation received net cumulative cash reimbursements of $1,266  million . As of Decem ber 31, 2020 and
2019, the amount of SNF storage costs for which reimbursement has been or will be requested from the DOE under the DOE
settlement agreements is as follows:
341
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
DOE receivable - current $ 129 $ 249 
DOE receivable - noncurrent 70 30 
Amounts owed to co-owners (23) (37)
__________
(a)Recorded in Accounts receivable, other.
(b)Recorded in Deferred debits and other assets, other.
(c)Recorded in Accounts receivable, other. Represents amounts owed to the co-owners of Peach Bottom, Quad Cities, and Nine Mile Point Unit 2
generating facilities.
The Standard Contracts with the DOE also required the payment to the DOE of a one-time fee applicable to nuclear generation
through April 6, 1983. The below table outlines  the SNF liability recorded at Exelon and Generation as of December 31, 2020 and
2019:
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Former ComEd units $ 1,082  $ 1,075  
Fitzpatrick 126 124 
Total SNF Obligation $ 1,208  $ 1,199  
__________
(a)ComEd previously elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $277 million for its units (which are now part of Generation), with interest to
the date of payment, until just prior to the first delivery of SNF to the DOE. The unfunded liabilities for SNF disposal costs, including the one-time
fee, were transferred to Generation as part of Exelon’s 2001 corporate restructuring.
(b)A prior owner of FitzPatrick elected to defer payment of the one-time fee of $34 million, with interest to the date of payment, for the FitzPatrick
unit. As part of the FitzPatrick acquisition on March 31, 2017, Generation assumed a SNF liability for the DOE one-time fee obligation with
interest related to FitzPatrick along with an offsetting asset, included in Other deferred debits and other assets, for the contractual right to
reimbursement from NYPA, a prior owner of FitzPatrick, for amounts paid for the FitzPatrick DOE one-time fee obligation.
Interest for Exelon's and Generation's SNF liabilities accrues at the 13-week Treasury Rate. The 13-week Treasury Rate in effect for
calculation of the interest accrual at December 31, 2020 was 0.096 % for the deferred amount  transferred from ComE d and 0.101 %
for the deferred FitzPatrick amount.
The following table summarizes sites for which Exelon and Generation do not have an outstanding SNF Obligation:
Description Sites
Fees have been paid Former PECO units, Clinton and Calvert Clif fs
Outstanding SNF Obligation remains with former owners Nine Mile Point, Ginna and TMI
Environmental Remediation Matters
General (All Registrants).  The Registrants’  operations have in the past, and may in the future, require substantial expenditures to
comply with environmental laws. Additionally , under Federal and state environmental laws, the Registrants are generally liable for
the costs of remediating  environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by them and of property contaminated by
hazardous substances generated by them. The Registrants own or lease a number of real estate  parcels, including parcels on which
their operations or the operations of others may have resulted in contamination by substances that are considered hazardous under
environmental laws. In addition, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceeding s relating to sites where hazardous
substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. Unless otherwise disclosed, the
Registrants cannot reasonably estimate whether they will incur significant liabilities for additional  investigation and remediation costs
at these or additional sites identified by the Registrants, environmental agencies, or others, or whether such costs will be
recoverable from third parties, including customers. Additional costs could have a material, unfavorable impact on the Registrants'
financial statements.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
342
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
MGP  Sites (Exelon and the Utility Registrants). ComEd, PECO, BGE, and DPL have identified sites where former MGP  or gas
purification activities have or may have resulted in actual site contamination. For almost all of these sites, there are additional PRPs
that may share responsibility for the ultimate remediation of each location.
•ComEd has 21 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. ComEd expects the majority
of the remediation at these sites to continue through at least  2026.
•PECO has 8 sites that are currently under some degree of active study and/or remediation. PECO expects the majority of
the remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2023.
•BGE has 4 sites that currently require some level of remediation and/or ongoing activity . BGE expects the majority of the
remediation at these sites to continue through at least 2023.
•DPL has 1 site that is currently under study and the required cost at the site is not expected to be material.
The historical nature of the MGP  and gas purification sites and the fact that many of the sites have been buried and built over,
impacts the ability to determine a precise estimate of the ultimate costs prior to initial sampling and determination of the exact scope
and method of remedial activity . Management determines its best estimate of remediation costs using all available information at the
time of each study , including probabilistic and deterministic modeling for ComEd and PECO, and the remediation standards currently
required by the applicab le state environmental agency . Prior to completion of any significant clean up, each site remediation plan is
approved by the appropriate state environmental agency .
ComEd, pursuant to an ICC order , and PECO, pursuant to settlements of natural gas distribution rate cases with the PAPUC, are
currently recovering environmental remediation costs of former MGP  facility sites through customer rates. While BGE and DPL do
not have riders for MGP  clean-up costs, they have historically received recovery of actual clean-up costs in distribution rates.
As of Decem ber 31, 2020 and 2019, the Registrants had accrued the following undiscounted amounts for environmental liabilities in
Other current liabilities and Other deferred credits and other liabilities within their respective Consolidated Balance Sheets:
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Total environmental
investigation and
remediation liabilitiesPortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediationTotal environmental
investigation and
remediation liabilitiesPortion of total related to
MGP investigation and
remediation
Exelon $ 483 $ 314 $ 478 $ 320 
Generation 121 — 105 — 
ComEd 293 293 304 303 
PECO 23 21 19 17 
BGE 2 — 2 — 
PHI 44 — 48 — 
Pepco 42 — 46 — 
DPL 1 — 1 — 
ACE 1 — 1 — 
Cotter Corporation (Exelon and Generation).  The EPA has advised Cotter Corporation (Cotter), a former ComEd subsidiary , that it
is potentially liable in connection with radiological contamination at a site known as the West Lake Landfill in Missouri. In 2000,
ComEd sold Cotter to an unaffiliated third-party . As part of the sale, ComEd agreed to indemnify Cotter for any liability arising in
connection with the West Lake Landfill. In connection with Exelon’ s 2001 corporate restructuring, this responsibility to indemnify
Cotter was transferred to Generation. Including  Cotter , there are three PRPs participating in the West Lake Landfill remediation
proceeding. Investigation by Generation has identified a number of other parties who also may be PRPs and could be liable to
contribute to the final remedy . Further investigation is ongoing.
In September 2018, the EPA issued its Record of Decision (ROD) Amendment for the selection of a final remedy . The ROD
Amendment modified the remedy previously selected by EP A in its 2008 ROD. While the 2008 ROD
343
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
required only that the radiological materials and other wastes at the site be capped, the 2018  ROD Amendment requires partial
excavation of the radiological materials in addition to the previously selected capping remedy . The ROD Amendment also allows for
variation in depths of excavation depending on radiological concentrations. The EPA and the PRPs have entered into a Consent
Agreement to perform the Remedial Design, which is expected to be completed by early 2022.  In March 2019 the PRPs received
Special Notice Letters from the EPA to perform the Remedial Action work. On October 8, 2019, Cotter (Generation’ s indemnitee)
provided a non-binding good faith offer to conduct, or finance, a portion of the remedy , subject to certain conditions. The total
estimated cost of the remedy , taking into accoun t the current EPA technical requirements and the total costs expected to be incurred
collectively by the PRPs  in fully executing the remedy , is approximately $280 million, including cost escalation on an undisco unted
basis, which  would be allocated among the final group of PRPs. Generation has determined that a loss associated with the EPA’s
partial excavation and enhanced landfill cover remedy is probable and has recorded a liability , included in the table above, that
reflects management’ s best estimate of Cotter ’s allocable share of the ultimate cost. Given the joint and several nature of this
liability , the magnitude of Generation’ s ultimate liability will depend on the actual costs incurred to implement the required remedy as
well as on the nature and terms of any cost-sharing arrangements with the final group of PRPs. Therefore, it is reasonably possible
that the ultimate cost and Cotter's associated allocable share could differ significantly once these uncertainties are resolved, which
could have a material impact on Exelon's and Generation's future financial statements.
One of the other PRPs has indicated it will be making a contribution claim against Cotter for costs that it has incurred to prevent the
subsurface fire from spreading to those areas of the West Lake Landfill where radiological materials are believed to have been
disposed. At this time, Exelon and Generation do not have sufficient information to assess this claim and therefore are unable to
estimate a range of loss, if any. As such, no liability has been recorded for the potential contribu tion claim. It is reasonably possible,
however , that resolution of this matter could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation's financial statements.
In January 2018, the PRPs were advised by the EPA that it will begin an additional investigation and evaluation of groundwater
conditions at the West Lake Landfill. In September 2018, the PRPs agreed to an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on
Consent for the performance by the PRPs of the groundwater Remedial Investigation (RI)/Feasibility Study (FS). The purpose of this
RI/FS is to define the nature and extent of any groundwater contamination from the West Lake Landfill site and evaluate remedial
alternatives. Generation estimates the undiscounted cost for the groundwater RI/FS to be approximately $30 million. Generation
determined a loss associated with the RI/FS is probable and has recorded a liability , included in the table above, that reflects
management’ s best estimate of Cotter ’s allocab le share of the cost among the PRPs. At this time Generation cannot predict the
likelihood that, or the extent to which any, remediation activities may be required and there fore cannot estimate a reasonably
possible range of loss for response costs beyond those associated with the RI/FS component.  It is reasonably possible, however ,
that resolution of this matter could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s future financial statements.
In August 2011, Cotter was notified by the DOJ that Cotter is considered a PRP with respect to the government’ s clean-up costs for
contamination attributab le to low level radioactive residues at a former storage and reprocessing facility named Latty Avenue near
St. Louis, Missouri. The Latty Avenue site is included in ComEd’ s (now Generation's) indem nification responsibilities discussed
above as part of the sale of Cotter . The radioactive residues had been generated initially in connection with the processing of
uranium ores as part of the U.S. Government’ s Manhattan Project. Cotter purchased the residues in 1969 for initial processing at the
Latty Avenue  facility for the subsequent extracti on of uranium and metals. In 1976, the NRC found that the Latty Avenue site had
radiation levels exceeding NRC criteria for decontamination of land areas. Latty Avenue was investigated and remediated by the
United State s Army Corps of Engineers pursuant to funding under FUSRAP . Pursuant to a series of annual agreements since 2011,
the DOJ and the PRPs have tolled the statute of limitations until August 31, 2021 so that settlement discussions can proceed. On
August 3, 2020, the DOJ advised Cotter and the other PRPs that it is seeking approximately $90 million from all the PRPs and has
directed that the PRPs must submit a good faith joint proposed settlement offer. Generation has determined that a loss associated
with this matter is probable under its indemnifica tion agreement with Cotter and has recorded an estimated liability , which is included
in the table above.
Benning Road Site (Exelon, Generation, PHI, and Pepco) . In September 2010, PHI received a letter from EPA identifying the
Benning Road site as one of six land-based sites potentially contributing to contamination of the lower Anacostia River . A portion of
the site was formerly the location of a Pepco Energy Services electric generating facility , which was deactivated in June 2012. The
remaining portion of the site consists of a Pepco
344
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
transmission and distribution service center that remains in operation. In December 2011, the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia approved a Consent Decree entered into by Pepco and Pepco Energy Services with the DOEE, which requires Pepco and
Pepco Energy Services to conduct a RI/FS for the Benning Road site and an approximately 10 to 15-acre portion of the adjacent
Anacostia River .
Since 2013,  Pepco and Pepco Energy Services (now Generation, pursuant to Exelon's 2016 acquisition of PHI) have been
performing RI work and have submitted multiple draft RI reports to the DOEE. In September 2019, Pepco and Generation issued a
draft “final” RI report which DOEE approved on February 3, 2020. Pepco and Generation are developing a FS to evaluate possible
remedial alternatives for submission to DOEE. The Court has established a schedule for comple tion of the FS, and approval by the
DOEE, by September 16, 2021. After completio n and approval of the FS, DOEE will prepare a Proposed Plan for public comment
and then issue a ROD identifying any further response actions determined to be necessary . PHI, Pepco, and Generation have
determined that a loss associated with this matter is probable and have accrued an estimated liability , which is included in the table
above.
Anacostia River Tidal Reach (Exelon, PHI, and Pepco) . Contempor aneous with the Benning Road site RI/FS being performed by
Pepco and Generation, DOEE and the Nationa l Park Service have been conducting a separat e RI/FS focused on the entire tidal
reach of the Anacostia River extending from just north of the Maryland-District of Columbia boundary line to the confluence of the
Anacostia and Potomac Rivers. The river-wide RI incorporated the results of the river samplin g performed by Pepco and Pepco
Energy Services as part of the Benning RI/FS, as well as similar sampling efforts conducted by owners of other sites adjacent to this
segment of the river and supplemental river sampling conducted by DOEE’ s contractor . In April 2018, DOEE released a draft RI
report for public review and comment. Pepco submitted written comments on the draft RI and participated in a public hearing.
Pepco has determined that it is probable that costs for remediation will be incurred and recorde d a liability in the third quarter 2019
for managem ent’s best estimate of its share of those costs. On September 30, 2020, DOEE released its Interim ROD. The Interim
ROD reflects an adaptiv e management approach which will require several identified “hot spots” in the river to be addressed first
while contin uing to conduct studies and to monitor the river to evaluate improvements and determine potential future remediation
plans. The adaptive management process chosen by DOEE is less intrusive, provides more long-term environmental certainty , is
less costly , and allows for site specific remediation plans already underway , including the plan for the Benning Road site to proceed
to conclusio n. Pepco has concluded that increm ental exposure remains reasonably possible, but management cannot reasonably
estimate a range of loss beyond the amounts recorded, which are included in the table above.
In addition to the activities associated with the remedial process outlined above, CERCLA  separately requires federal and state (here
including Washington, D.C.) Natural Resource Trustees (federal or state agencies designated by the President or the relevant state,
respectively , or Indian tribes) to conduct an assessment of any damages to natural resources within their jurisdiction as a result of
the contamination that is being remediated. The Trustees can seek compensation from responsible parties for such damages,
including restoration costs. During the second quarter of 2018, Pepco became aware that the Trustees are in the beginning stages of
a Natu ral Resources Damages (NRD) assessment, a process that often takes many years  beyond the remedial decision to
complete. Pepco has concluded that a loss asso ciated with the eventual NRD assessment is reasonably possible. Due to the very
early stage of the assessment process, Pepco cannot reasonably estimate the range of loss.
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
Asbestos Personal Injury Claims (Exelon and Generation). Generation maintains a reserve for claims associated with asbestos-
related personal injury actions in certain facilities that are currently owned by Generation or were previously owned by ComEd and
PECO. The estimated liabilities are recorded on an undiscounted basis and exclude the estimated legal costs associated with
handling these matters, which could be material.
At Decembe r 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon and Generation recorded estimated liabilities of approx imately $89 million  and $83 million,
respectively , in total for asbestos-related bodily injury claims. As of December 31, 2020, appro ximately $25 million  of this amount
related to 261 open claims  presented to Generation, while the remaining $64 million  is for estimated future asbestos-related bodily
injury claims anticipated to arise through 2055, based on actuarial assumptions and analyses, which are updated on an annual
basis. On a quarterly
345
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
basis, Generation monitors actual experience against the number of forecasted claims to be received and expected claim payments
and evaluates whether adjustments to the estimated liabilities are necessary .
It is reasona bly possible that additional exposure to estimated future asbestos-related bodily injury claims in excess of the amount
accrued could have a material, unfavorable impact on Exelon’ s and Generation’ s financial statements. However , management
cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss beyond the amounts recorded.
Fund Transfer Restrictions (All Registrants).  Under applicable law, Exelon may borrow or receive an extension of credit from its
subsidiaries. Under the terms of Exelon’ s intercompany money pool agreement, Exelon can lend to, but not borrow from the money
pool.
Under applicable law, Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE can pay dividends only from retained,
undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at Generation, ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, or ACE may
limit the dividends that these companies can distribute to Exelon.
ComEd has agreed in connection with financings arranged through ComEd Financing III that it will not declare dividends on any
shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payme nt periods on the subordinated debt
securities issued to Com Ed Financing III; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust
securities of ComEd Financing III; or (3) an event of default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debt securities
are issued. No such event has occurred.
PECO has agreed in connection with financings arranged through PEC L.P. and PECO Trust IV that PECO will not declare dividends
on any shares of its capital stock in the event that: (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the
subordinated debentures, which were issued to PEC L.P. or PECO Trust IV; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of
distributions on the Series D Preferred Securities of PEC L.P. or the preferred trust securities of PECO Trust IV; or (3) an event of
default occurs under the Indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued. No such event has occurred.
BGE is subject to restric tions established by the MDPSC that prohibit BGE from paying a divide nd on its common shares if (a) after
the dividend payment, BGE’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuan t to the MDPSC’ s ratemaking precedents or
(b) BGE’ s senior unsecu red credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencie s below investment grade. No such
event has occurred.
Pepco is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Maryland and the District of
Columbia. Pepco is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, Pepco's equity ratio
would be 48% as equity  levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the MDPSC and DCPSC  or (b) Pepco’ s senior
unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has
occurred.
DPL is subje ct to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in Delawar e and Maryland. DPL is prohibited
from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, DPL's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are
calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the DPSC and MDPSC or (b) DPL’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of
the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. No such event has occurred.
ACE is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in New Jersey . ACE is prohibited from paying a
dividend on its common  shares if (a) after the dividend payment, ACE's equity ratio would be 48% as equity levels are calculated
under the ratemaking precedents of the NJBPU or (b) ACE's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit
rating agenc ies below investment grade. ACE is also subject to a dividend restriction which requi res ACE to obtain the prior approval
of the NJBP U before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization , excluding securitization debt, falls
below 30%. No such events have occurred.
City of Ever ett Tax Increment Financing Agreement (Exelon and Generation). On April 10, 2017, the City of Everett petitioned
the Massachusetts Economic Assistance Coord inating Council (EACC) to revoke the 1999 tax increment financing agreement (TIF
Agreement) relating to Mystic Units 8 and 9 on the grounds that the total investment in Mystic Units 8 and 9 materially deviates from
the investment set forth in the TIF Agreement. On October 31, 2017, a three-member panel of the EACC conducted an
administrative hearing on the City’s petition. On November 30, 2017, the hearing panel issued a tentative decision denying the City’s
petition, finding that
346
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
there was no material misrepresentation that would justify revocation of the TIF Agreement. On December 13, 2017, the tentative
decision was adopted by the full EACC. On January 12, 2018, the City filed a complaint in Massachusetts Superior Court requesting,
among other things, that the court set aside the EACC’ s decision, grant the City’s request to decertify the Project and the TIF
Agreement, and award the City damages for alleged underpaid taxes over the period of the TIF Agreement. On January 8, 2020, the
Massachusetts Superior Court affirmed the decision of the EACC denying the City's petition. The City had until March 9, 2020 to
appeal the decision and did not. As a result, the decision is final and the case is resolved. It is reasonably possible that property
taxes assessed in future  periods, including those following the expiration of the TIF Agreement on June 30, 2020, could be material
to Generation’ s financial statements.
Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) and Related Matters (Exelon and ComEd ). Exelon and ComEd received a grand jury
subpoena in the second quarter of 2019 from the U.S. Attorney’ s Office for the Northern District of Illinois (USAO) requiring
production of information  concerning their lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, Exelon and ComEd received
a second grand jury subpoena from the USAO requiring production of records of any communications with certain individuals and
entities. On October 22, 2019, the SEC notified Exelon and ComEd that it had also opened an investigation into their lobbying
activities. On July 17, 2020, ComEd entered into a DPA with the USAO to resolve the USAO investigation. Under the DPA, the
USAO filed a single charge alleging that ComE d improperly gave and offered to give jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments
associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and the
Speaker ’s associates, with the intent to influence the Speaker ’s action regarding legislation affecting ComEd’ s interests. The DPA
provides that the USAO will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or civil case against ComEd in connection
with the matters identifie d therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of Com Ed, including payment to the U.S.
Treasury of $200 million, with $100 million payable within thirty days of the filing of the DPA with the United States District Court for
the Northern  District of Illinois and an additiona l $100 million within ninety days of such filing date. The payments were recorded
within Opera ting and maintenance expense in Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Consolidated Statements  of Operations and Comprehensive
Income in the second quarter of 2020. The payments will not be recovered in rates or charged to customers and ComEd will not
seek or acce pt reimburs ement or indemnification from any source other than Exelon. Exelon made equity contributions to ComEd of
$200 million in 2020. On Augu st 13, 2020, a motion was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by a ComEd
customer and on behalf of ComEd customers seeking to enjoin ComEd from paying these funds to the U.S. Treasury and requiring
the U.S. government to establish a victims’  restitution fund from which the $200 million would be disbursed to ComEd customers.
The motion was denied without prejudice on November 6, 2020 and ComEd submitted the $200 million payment to the U.S.
Treasury . On January 6, 2021, the customer petitioned the Seventh Circuit for a writ of mand amus to seek review of the district
court’ s ruling , but on January 8, 2021, the Seventh Circuit denied the petition. On January 22, 2021, the customer petitioned the
Seventh Circuit for rehea ring of its denial of his petition for a writ of mandamus. On February 5, 2021, the Seventh Circuit denied the
petition for rehearing.
Exelon was not made a party to the DPA, and therefore the investigation by the USAO into Exelo n’s activities ended with no charges
being brought against Exelon.
The SEC’s investigation remains ongoing and Exelon and ComEd have cooperated fully and intend to continue to cooperate fully
with the SEC. Exelon and ComEd cannot predic t the outcome of the SEC investigation. No loss contingency has been reflected in
Exelon's and ComEd's consolidated financial statements with respect to the SEC investigation, as this contingency is neither
probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
Subsequent to Exelon announcing the receipt of the subpoenas, various lawsuits have been filed and various demand letters have
been received related to the subject of the subpoenas, the conduct described in the DP A and the SEC's investigation, including:
•A putative class action lawsuit against Exelon and certain officers of Exelon and ComEd was filed in federal court in
December 2019 alleging misrepresentations and omissions in Exelon’ s SEC filings related to ComEd’ s lobbying activities
and the related investigations. The complaint was amended on September 16, 2020, to dismiss two of the original
defendants and add other defendants, including ComEd. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss in November 2020. Briefing
was completed on February 17, 2021.
347
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies
•A deriv ative shareholder lawsuit was filed against Exelon, its directors and certain officers of Exelon and ComEd in April
2020 alleging, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duties also purporting to relate to matters that are the subject of
the subpoenas and the SEC investigation. The plaintif f voluntarily dismissed this derivative action without prejudice to refile
on July 28, 2020.
•Three putative class action lawsuits against ComEd and Exelon were filed in Illinois state court in the third quarter of 2020
seeking restitution and compensatory damages on behalf of ComEd customers. These three state cases were consolidated
into a single action in October of 2020. In addition, on November 2, 2020, the Citizens Utility Board (CUB) filed a motion to
intervene in the state cases pursuant to an Illinois statute allowing CUB to intervene as a party or otherwise participate on
behalf of utility consumers in any proceeding which affects the interest of utility consumers. On November 23, 2020, the
court allowed CUB’ s intervention, but denied CUB’ s request to stay these cases. Plaintif fs subsequently filed a consolidated
complaint, and ComE d and Exelon filed a motion to dismiss on jurisdictional and substantive grounds on January 11, 2021.
Briefing on that motion is ongoing.
•Four putative class action lawsuits against ComEd and Exelon were filed in federal court in the third quarter of 2020
alleging, among other things, civil violations of federal racketeering laws. In addition, CUB filed a motion to intervene in
these cases on October 22, 2020 which was granted on December 23, 2020. In addition, on December 2, 2020, the court
appointed interim lead plaintif fs in the federal cases which consisted of counsel for three of the four federal cases. These
plaintif fs filed a consolidated complaint on January 5, 2021. CUB also filed its own complaint against ComEd only on the
same day. The remainin g federal case, Potter , et al. v. Exelon et al, differed from the other lawsuits as it named additional
individual defendants not named in the consolidated complaint. On January 10, 2021, the Potter plaintif fs filed a motion
asking the court to clarify that their class action complaint against ComEd, Exelon and the individual named defendants
remains in effect, notwithstanding the consolida ted amended complaint, and asked the court to stay the Potter case. On
January 21, 2021, the court determined that the appointed lead counsel had sole discretion to determine which parties to
name as plaintif fs and defendants, and that the Potter plaintif fs have the option to opt-out of that class and file a separate,
individual action against the defendants named in their original complaint. The Potter plaintif fs have until March 23, 2021 to
make that decision.
•Four shareh olders sent letters to the Exelon Board of Directors in 2020 demanding, among other things, that the Exelon
Board of Directors inves tigate and address alleg ed breaches of fiduciary duties and other allege d violations by Exelon and
ComEd of ficers and directors related to the conduct described in the DP A.
No loss contingencies have been reflec ted in Exelon ’s and ComEd’ s consolidated financial statements with respect to these matters,
as such contingencies are neither probable nor reasonably estimable at this time.
General (All Registrants). The Registrants are involved in various other litigation matters that are being defended and handled in
the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a
range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. The Registrants maintain accruals for
such losses that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. Management is sometimes unable to estimate
an amount or range of reasonably possible loss, particularly where (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings
are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such case s, there is considerable uncertainty
regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss.
20. Shareholders' Equity (Exelon and Utility Registrants)
ComEd Common Stock W arrants
348
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 20 — Shareholders' Equity
The followin g table presents warrants outstanding to purchase ComEd common stock and shares of common stock reserved for the
conversion of warrants. The warrants entitle the holders to convert such warrants into common stock of ComEd at a conversion rate
of one share of common stock for three warrants.
December 31,
2020 2019
Warrants outstanding 60,143  60,228  
Common Stock reserved for conversion 20,048  20,076  
Share Repurchases
There currently is no Exelon Board of Director authority to repurchase shares. Any previous shares repurchased are held as treasury
shares, at cost, unless cancelled or reissued at the discretion of Exelon’ s management.
Preferred and Preference Securities
The followin g table presents Exelon, ComEd, PECO, BGE, Pepco, and ACE's shares of preferred securities authorized, none  of
which were outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. There are no shares of preferred securities authorized for DPL.
Preferred Securities Authorized
Exelon 100,000,000  
ComEd 850,000  
PECO 15,000,000  
BGE 1,000,000  
Pepco 6,000,000  
ACE 2,799,979  
__________
(a)Includes 799,979 shares of cumulative preferred stock and 2,000,000 of no-par preferred stock as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.
The following table presents ComEd's, BGE's, and ACE's preference securities authorized, none  of which were outstand ing as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019. There are no shares of preference securities authorized for Exelon, PECO, Pepco, and DPL.
Preference Securities Authorized
ComEd 6,810,451  
BGE 6,500,000  
ACE 3,000,000  
__________
(a)Includes 4,600,000 shares of unclassified preference securities and 1,900,000 shares of previously redeemed preference securities as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019.
21. Stock-Based Compensation Plans (All Registrants)
Stock-Based Compensation Plans
Exelon grants stock-based awards through its LTIP, which primarily includes performance share awards, restricted stock units, and
stock options. At Decem ber 31, 2020, there were approximately 34 million shares authorize d for issuance under the LTIP. For the
years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, exercised and distributed stock-based awards were primarily issued from
authorized but unissued common stock shares.
The Registra nts grant cash awards. The following table does not include expense related to these plans as they are not considered
stock-based compensation plans under the applicable authoritative guidance.(a)
(a)
349
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
The followin g table presents the stock-based  compensation expense included in Exelon's and Generation's Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The Utility Registrants' stock-based compensation expense for the years
ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 was not material.
Year Ended December 31,
Exelon 2020 2019 2018
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating
and maintenance expense $ 64 $ 77 $ 208 
Income tax benefit (16) (20) (54)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 48 $ 57 $ 154 
Generation
Total stock-based compensation expense included in operating
and maintenance expense $ 27 $ 37 $ 77 
Income tax benefit (7) (10) (20)
Total after-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 20 $ 27 $ 57 
Exelon recei ves a tax deduction based on the intrinsic value of the award on the exercise date for stock options and the distribution
date for performance share awards and restricted stock units. For each award, throughout the requisite service period, Exelon
recognizes the tax benefit related to compensation costs. The following table presents information regarding Exelon’ s realized tax
benefit when distributed:
Year Ended December 31,
2020 2019 2018
Performance share awards $ 21 $ 41 $ 16 
Restricted stock units 15 24 28 
Performance Share Awards
Performance share awards are granted under the LTIP. The performance share awards are settled 50% in common stock and 50%
in cash at the end of the three-year performanc e period, except for awards granted to vice presidents and higher officers that are
settled 100% in cash if certain ownership requirements are satisfied.
The common stock portion of the performance share awards is considered an equity award and is valued based on Exelon's stock
price on the grant date. The cash portion of the performance share awards is considered a liabili ty award which is remeasured each
reporting period based on Exelon’ s current stock  price. As the value of the common stock and cash portions of the awards are based
on Exelon’ s stock price during the performance period, coupled with changes in the total shareh older return modifier and expected
payout of the award, the compensation costs are subject to volatility until payout is established.
For nonretire ment-eligible employees, stock-bas ed compensation costs are recognized over the vesting period of three years  using
the straight- line method. For performance share awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, the value of the performance
shares is recognized ratably over the vesting period, which is the year of grant.
Exelon processes forfeitures as they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested performance share awards activity:
350
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2019 1,709,755  $ 39.21  
Granted 1,122,378  46.61  
Change in performance (751,309 ) 42.51  
Vested (747,551 ) 35.70  
Forfeited (67,964 ) 45.59  
Undistributed vested awards (334,917 ) 50.76  
Nonvested at December 31, 2020 930,392  $ 43.67  
__________
(a)Excludes 1,414,661 and 2,017,870 of performance share awards issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents performance share awards that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2020.
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of performance share awards
vested.
Year Ended December 31,
2020 2019 2018
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 46.61  $ 47.37  $ 38.15  
Total fair value of performance shares vested 39 158 61 
Total fair value of performance shares settled in cash 63 131 49 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2020, $13 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested performance shares are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 1.8 years.
Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock units are granted under the LTIP with the majority being settled in a specific number of shares of common stock
after the service conditio n has been met. The corresponding cost of services is measured base d on the grant date fair value of the
restricted stock unit issued.
The value of the restrict ed stock units is expensed over the requisite service period using the straight-line method. The requisite
service period for restric ted stock units is generally three  to five years . However , certain restri cted stock unit awards become fully
vested upon the employee reaching retirement-eligibility . The value of the restricted stock units granted to retirement-eligible
employees is either recognized ratably over the first six months in the year of grant if the employee reaches retirement eligibility prior
to July 1st of the grant year or through the date of which the employee reaches retirement eligibility . Exelon processes forfeitures as
they occur for employees who do not complete the requisite service period.
The following table summarizes Exelon’ s nonvested restricted stock unit activity:
SharesWeighted Average
Grant Date Fair
Value (per share)
Nonvested at December 31, 2019 1,498,713  $ 40.35  
Granted 847,382  46.33  
Vested (725,151 ) 38.38  
Forfeited (52,046 ) 45.20  
Undistributed vested awards (454,768 ) 45.91  
Nonvested at December 31, 2020 1,114,130 $ 43.67  
__________
(a)Excludes 748,165 and 863,196 of restricted stock units issued to retirement-eligible employees as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively, as they are fully vested.
(b)Represents restricted stock units that vested but were not distributed to retirement-eligible employees during 2020.(a)
(b)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(a)
351
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans
The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value and the total fair value of restricted stock units vested.
Year Ended December 31,
2020 2019 2018
Weighted average grant date fair value (per share) $ 46.33  $ 45.65  $ 38.60  
Total fair value of restricted stock units vested 54 92 106 
__________
(a)As of December 31, 2020, $23 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested restricted stock units are expected to be
recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of 2.3 years.
Stock Options
Non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Exelon’ s common stock were granted through 2012 under the LTIP. The exercise
price of the stock option s is equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of option grant. Stock options will
expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
At December 31, 2020 all stock options were vested and there were no unrecognized compensation costs.
The following table presents information with respect to stock option activity:
SharesWeighted
Average
Exercise
Price
(per share)Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life
(years)Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31,
2019 1,889,045  $ 40.43  1.56 $ 10 
Options exercised (475,827 ) 38.30  5 
Options expired (147,808 ) 46.07  
Balance of shares outstanding at December 31,
2020 1,265,410  $ 40.57  0.91 $ 3 
Exercisable at December 31, 2020 1,265,410  $ 40.57  0.91 $ 3 
__________
(a)Includes stock options issued to retirement eligible employees.
The following table summarizes additional information regarding stock options exercised:
Year Ended December 31,
2020 2019 2018
Intrinsic value $ 5 $ 9 $ 12 
Cash received for exercise price 18 59 56 
__________
(a)The difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the option exercise price.(a)
(a)
(a)
352
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 22 — Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
22. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Exelon)
The following tables present changes in Exelon's AOCI, net of tax, by component:
Gains and
(Losses) on
Cash Flow
HedgesUnrealized
Gains and
(Losses) on
Marketable
SecuritiesPension and
Non-Pension
Postretirement
Benefit Plan
Items Foreign
Currency
ItemsAOCI of Investments
Unconsolidated
Affiliates Total
Balance at December 31, 2017 $ (14)$ 10 $ (2,998 )$ (23)$ (1)$(3,026 )
OCI before reclassifications 11 — (143) (10) 1 (141)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI 1 — 181 — — 182 
Net current-period OCI 12 — 38 (10) 1 41 
Impact of adoption of Recognition
and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities
standard — (10) — — — (10)
Balance at December 31, 2018 $ (2)$ — $ (2,960 )$ (33)$ — $(2,995 )
OCI before reclassifications — — (289) 6 (2) (285)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — — 84 — 2 86 
Net current-period OCI — — (205) 6 — (199)
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ (2)$ — $ (3,165 )$ (27)$ — $(3,194 )
OCI before reclassifications (3) — (357) 4 — (356)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI — — 150 — — 150 
Net current-period OCI (3) — (207) 4 — (206)
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ (5)$ — $ (3,372 )$ (23)$ — $(3,400 )
__________ 
(a)This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB cost. See Note 15 — Retirement Benefits for additional
information. See Exelon's Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for individual components of AOCI.
(b)All amounts are net of noncontrolling interests.
(c)Exelon adopted the new standard Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard was adopted as of
January 1, 2018, which resulted in an increase to Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive loss of $10 million for Exelon. The
amounts reclassified related to Rabbi Trusts.
The following table presents income tax benefit (expense) allocated to each component of Exelon's other comprehensive income
(loss):
 For the Year Ended December 31,
 2020 2019 2018
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic benefit cost $ 16 $ 23 $ 24 
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic benefit cost (66) (52) (86)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans valuation
adjustment 122 100 50 
23. Variable Interest Entities (Exelon, Generation, PHI, and ACE)
At Decembe r 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon, Gene ration, PHI, and ACE collectively consolidated several VIEs or VIE groups for which
the applicable Registrant was the primary bene ficiary (see Consolidated VIEs  below) and had significant interests in several other
VIEs for which the applicable Registrant does not have the power to direct the entities’  activities and, accordingly , was not the
primary beneficiary (see Unconsolidated VIEs  below). Consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs are aggregated to the extent that the
entities have similar risk profiles.(a) (b)
(c)
353
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
Consolidated VIEs
The table below shows  the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated VIEs’  assets and liabilities included in the
consolidated financial statements of Exelon, Generation, PHI, and ACE as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. The assets, except as
noted in the footnotes to the table below , can only be used to settle obligations of the VIEs. The liabilities, except as noted in the
footnotes to the table below , are such that creditors, or beneficiaries, do not have recours e to the general credit of Exelon,
Generation, PHI, and ACE.
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Exelon Generation PHI ACE Exelon Generation PHI ACE
Cash and cash equivalents $ 98 $ 98 $ — $ — $ 163 $ 163 $ — $ — 
Restricted cash and cash
equivalents 47 44 3 3 88 85 3 3 
Accounts receivable
Customer 148 148 — — 151 151 — — 
Other 36 36 — — 39 39 — — 
Unamortized energy contract assets 22 22 — — 23 23 — — 
Inventories, net
Materials and supplies 244 244 — — 227 227 — — 
Assets held for sale 101 101 — — — — — — 
Other current assets 674 669 5 — 32 31 1 — 
Total current assets 1,370  1,362  8 3 723 719 4 3 
Property , plant and equipment, net 5,803  5,803  — — 6,022  6,022  — — 
Nuclear decommissioning trust
funds 3,007  3,007  — — 2,741  2,741  — — 
Unamortized energy contract assets 249 249 — — 250 250 — — 
Other noncurrent assets 52 42 10 10 89 73 16 14 
Total noncurrent assets 9,111  9,101  10 10 9,102  9,086  16 14 
Total assets $10,481  $ 10,463  $ 18 $ 13 $9,825  $ 9,805  $ 20 $ 17 
Long-term debt due within one year $ 94 $ 68 $ 26 $ 21 $ 544 $ 523 $ 21 $ 20 
Accounts payable 81 81 — — 106 106 — — 
Accrued expenses 70 70 — — 70 70 — — 
Unamortized energy contract
liabilities 4 4 — — 8 8 — — 
Liabilities held for sale 16 16 — — — — — — 
Other current liabilities 5 5 — — 3 3 — — 
Total current liabilities 270 244 26 21 731 710 21 20 
Long-term debt 889 889 — — 527 504 23 21 
Asset retirement obligations 2,318  2,318  — — 2,128  2,128  — — 
Unamortized energy contract
liabilities — — — — 1 1 — — 
Other noncurrent liabilities 129 129 — — 89 89 — — 
Total noncurrent liabilities 3,336  3,336  — — 2,745  2,722  23 21 
Total liabilities $3,606  $ 3,580  $ 26 $ 21 $3,476  $ 3,432  $ 44 $ 41 
__________
(a)Includes certain purchase accounting adjustments from the PHI merger not pushed down to ACE.
(b)Generation entered into an agreement for the sale of a significant portion of Generation's solar business. As a result of this transaction, in the
fourth quarter of 2020, Exelon and Generation reclassified the consolidated VIEs' solar assets and(a) (a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(d)
354
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
liabilities as held for sale. Refer to Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information on the sale of the solar business.
(c)Exelon's and Generation's balances include unrestricted assets for current unamortized energy contract assets of $22 million and $23 million,
Property, plant, and equipment of $1 million and $20 million, non-current unamortized energy contract assets of $249 million and $250 million,
and Assets held for sale of $9 million and $0 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(d)Exelon's and Generation's balances include liabilities with recourse of $8 million and $3 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon's and Generation's consolidated VIEs consist of:
Consolidated VIE or VIE groups: Reason entity is a VIE: Reason Generation is primary beneficiary:
CENG - A joint venture between Generation and
EDF. Generation has a 50.01% equity ownership in
CENG. See additional discussion below.Disproportionate relationship between equity interest
and operational control as a result of the NOSA
described further below.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
EGRP - A collection of wind and solar project
entities. Generation has a 51% equity ownership in
EGRP. See additional discussion below.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
Bluestem Wind Energy Holdings, LLC - A Tax Equity
structure which is consolidated by EGRP.
Generation is a minority interest holder.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
Antelope Valley - A solar generating facility, which is
100% owned by Generation. Antelope Valley sells all
of its output to PG&E through a PPA.The PPA contract absorbs variability through a
performance guarantee.Generation conducts all activities.
Equity investment in distributed energy company -
Generation has a 31% equity ownership. This
distributed energy company has an interest in an
unconsolidated VIE. (See Unconsolidated VIEs
disclosure below).
Generation fully impaired this investment in the third
quarter of 2019. Refer to Note 12 — Asset
Impairments for additional information.Similar structure to a limited partnership and the
limited partners do not have kick out rights with
respect to the general partner.Generation conducts the operational
activities.
NER - A bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity
which is 100% owned by Generation, which
purchases certain of Generation’s customer
accounts receivable arising from the sale of retail
electricity.
NER’s assets will be available first and foremost to
satisfy the claims of the creditors of NER. Refer to
Note 6 —Accounts Receivable for additional
information on the sale of receivables.Equity capitalization is insufficient to support its
operations.Generation conducts all activities.
CENG  - On April 1, 2014, Generation, CENG, and subsidiaries of CENG executed the NOSA  pursuant to which Generation conducts
all activities associated with the operations of the CENG fleet and provides corporate and admin istrative services to CENG and the
CENG fleet for the rema ining life of the CENG nuclear plants as if they were a part of the Generation nuclear fleet, subject to the
CENG member rights of EDF .
EDF has the option to sell its 49.99 % equity interest in CENG to Generation. On November 20, 2019, Generation received notice of
EDF's intent ion to exercise the put option to sell its interest in CENG to Generation and the put automatically exercised on January
19, 2020. Refer to Note 2 — Mergers, Acquisitions, and Dispositions for additional information.
Exelon and Generation, where indicated, provide the following support to CENG:
355
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
•Generation executed an Indemnity Agreement pursuant to which Generation agreed to indemnify EDF against third-party
claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident (as defined in the Price-Anderson Act) in connection with the
CENG nuclear plants or their operations. Exelon guarantees Generation’ s obligations under this Indemnity Agreement.
See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies for more details,
•Generation and EDF share in the $688 million of contingent payment obligations for the payment of contingent
retrospective premium adjustments for the nuclear liability insurance, and
•Exelon has executed an agreement to provide up to $245 million to support the operations of CENG as well as a $165
million guarantee of CENG’ s cash pooling agreement with its subsidiaries.
EGRP  - EGRP  is a collection of wind and solar project entities and some of these project entities are VIEs that are consolidated by
EGRP . Generation owns a number of limited liability companies that build, own, and operate solar and wind power facilities some of
which are owned by EGRP . While Generation or EGRP  owns 100% of the solar entities and 100% of the majority of the wind entities,
it has been determined that certain of the solar and wind entities are VIEs because the entities require additional subordinated
financial support in the form of a parental guarantee of debt, loans from the customers in order to obtain the necessary funds for
construction of the solar  facilities, or the customers absorb price variability from the entities through the fixed price power and/or
REC purcha se agreements. Generation is the primary beneficiary of these solar and wind entities that qualify as VIEs because
Generation controls the design, construction, and operation of the facilities. There is limited recourse to Generation related to certain
solar and wind entities.
In 2017, Generation’ s interests in EGRP  were contributed to and are pledged for the EGR IV non-recourse debt project financing
structure. Refer to Note 17 — Debt and Credit Agreements for additional information.
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon's, PHI's and ACE's consolidated VIE consists of:
Consolidated VIEs: Reason entity is a VIE:Reason ACE is the primary
beneficiary:
ACE Funding - A special purpose entity formed by ACE for the purpose
of securitizing authorized portions of ACE’s recoverable stranded costs
through the issuance and sale of Transition Bonds. Proceeds from the
sale of each series of Transition Bonds by ATF were transferred to ACE
in exchange for the transfer by ACE to ATF of the right to collect a non-
bypassable Transition Bond Charge from ACE customers pursuant to
bondable stranded costs rate orders issued by the NJBPU in an amount
sufficient to fund the principal and interest payments on Transition
Bonds and related taxes, expenses, and fees.ACE’s equity investment is a variable
interest as, by design, it absorbs any
initial variability of ATF. The
bondholders also have a variable
interest for the investment made to
purchase the Transition Bonds.ACE controls the servicing
activities.
Unconsolidated VIEs
Exelon’ s and Generation’ s variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs generally include equity investments and energy purchase and
sale contrac ts. For the equity investments, the carrying amount of the investments is reflected in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s
Consolidated Balance Sheets in Investments. For the energy purchase and sale contracts (commercial agreements), the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities in Exelon’ s and Generation’ s Consolidated Balance Sheets that relate to their involvement with the
VIEs are predominately related to working capital accounts and generally represent the amoun ts owed by, or owed to, Exelon and
Generation for the deliveries associated with the current billing cycles under the commercial agreements.
As of Decem ber 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon and Generation had significant unconsolidated variable interests in several VIEs for
which Exelon or Generation, as applicable, was not the primary beneficiary . These interests include certain equity method
investments and certain commercial agreements.
356
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 23 — V ariable Interest Entities
The following table presents summary information about Exelon's and Generation’ s significant unconsolidated VIE entities:
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Commercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs TotalCommercial
Agreement
VIEsEquity
Investment
VIEs Total
Total assets $ 777 $ 401 $ 1,178  $ 636 $ 443 $ 1,079  
Total liabilities 61 223 284 33 227 260 
Exelon's ownership interest in VIE — 157 157 — 191 191 
Other ownership interests in VIE 716 21 737 604 25 629 
__________
(a)These items represent amounts on the unconsolidated VIE balance sheets, not in Exelon’s or Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
These items are included to provide information regarding the relative size of the unconsolidated VIEs. Exelon and Generation do not have any
exposure to loss as they do not have a carrying amount in the equity investment VIEs as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, Exelon's and Generation's unconsolidated VIEs consist of:
Unconsolidated VIE groups: Reason entity is a VIE:Reason Generation is not the primary
beneficiary:
Equity investments in distributed energy companies -
1) Generation has a 90% equity ownership in a distributed
energy company.
2) Generation, via a consolidated VIE, has a 90% equity
ownership in another distributed energy company (See
Consolidated VIEs disclosure above).
Generation fully impaired this investment in the third quarter of
2019. Refer to Note 12 — Asset Impairments for additional
information.Similar structures to a limited
partnership and the limited partners do
not have kick out rights with respect to
the general partner.Generation does not conduct the
operational activities.
Energy Purchase and Sale agreements - Generation has
several energy purchase and sale agreements with generating
facilities.PPA contracts that absorb variability
through fixed pricing.Generation does not conduct the
operational activities.(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
357
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
24. Supplemental Financial Information (All Registrants)
Supplemental Statement of Operations Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Taxes other than income taxes
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Utility $ 859 $ 99 $ 238 $ 135 $ 87 $299 $ 275 $ 21 $ 3 
Property 602 265 30 16 164 126 84 39 3 
Payroll 235 113 27 16 17 25 7 5 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Utility $ 881 $ 112 $ 242 $ 132 $ 90 $304 $ 286 $ 18 $ — 
Property 595 274 29 17 153 122 85 34 2 
Payroll 232 115 27 15 17 24 7 4 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Utility $ 919 $ 114 $ 243 $ 131 $ 94 $337 $ 316 $ 21 $ — 
Property 557 273 30 15 143 94 58 32 3 
Payroll 247 130 27 16 17 24 5 3 2 
__________
(a)Generation’s utility tax represents gross receipts tax related to its retail operations, and the Utility Registrants’ utility taxes represents municipal
and state utility taxes and gross receipts taxes related to their operating revenues. The offsetting collection of utility taxes from customers is
recorded in revenues in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
(a)
358
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Other, Net
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units $ 185 $ 185 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Non-regulatory Agreement Units 160 160 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units 724 724 — — — — — — — 
Non-regulatory Agreement Units 391 391 — — — — — — — 
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities (729) (729) — — — — — — — 
Decommissioning-related activities 731 731 — — — — — — — 
AFUDC—Equity 104 — 29 17 22 36 28 4 4 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 53 — — — — — — — — 
Unrealized gains from equity investments 186 186 — — — — — — — 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units $ 297 $ 297 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Non-regulatory Agreement Units 363 363 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized gains on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units 795 795 — — — — — — — 
Non-regulatory Agreement Units 411 411 — — — — — — — 
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities (876) (876) — — — — — — — 
Decommissioning-related activities 990 990 — — — — — — — 
AFUDC—Equity 85 — 17 13 21 34 25 4 5 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost 13 — — — — — — — — 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Decommissioning-related activities:
Net realized income on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units $ 506 $ 506 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Non-regulatory Agreement Units 302 302 — — — — — — — 
Net unrealized losses on NDT funds
Regulatory Agreement Units (715) (715) — — — — — — — 
Non-regulatory Agreement Units (483) (483) — — — — — — — 
Regulatory offset to NDT fund-related
activities 171 171 — — — — — — — 
Decommissioning-related activities (219) (219) — — — — — — — 
AFUDC—Equity 69 — 19 7 18 25 22 2 1 
Non-service net periodic benefit cost (47) — — — — — — — — 
__________
(a)Realized income includes interest, dividends, and realized gains and losses on sales of NDT fund investments.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(a)
(b)
359
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
(b)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of income taxes
related to all NDT fund activity for those units. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting
for nuclear decommissioning.
(c)Unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded entities in the fourth
quarter of 2020 and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of December 31, 2020.
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
The followin g tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.
Depreciation, amortization, and accretion
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Property, plant, and equipment $4,364 $ 2,070 $ 922 $ 319 $397 $586 $ 257 $155 $140 
Amortization of regulatory assets 588 — 211 28 153 196 120 36 40 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 62 53 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets
and liabilities 30 30 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 983 983 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 500 500 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and
accretion $6,527 $ 3,636 $ 1,133 $ 347 $550 $782 $ 377 $191 $180 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Property, plant, and equipment $3,665 $ 1,485 $ 886 $ 303 $359 $547 $ 239 $146 $123 
Amortization of regulatory assets 528 — 147 30 143 207 135 38 34 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 59 50 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets
and liabilities 21 21 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 1,016 1,016 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 491 491 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and
accretion $5,780 $ 3,063 $ 1,033 $ 333 $502 $754 $ 374 $184 $157 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Property, plant, and equipment $3,740 $ 1,748 $ 820 $ 274 $335 $480 $ 218 $131 $ 94 
Amortization of regulatory assets 555 — 120 27 148 260 167 51 42 
Amortization of intangible assets, net 58 49 — — — — — — — 
Amortization of energy contract assets
and liabilities 14 14 — — — — — — — 
Nuclear fuel 1,115 1,115 — — — — — — — 
ARO accretion 489 489 — — — — — — — 
Total depreciation, amortization, and
accretion $5,971 $ 3,415 $ 940 $ 301 $483 $740 $ 385 $182 $136 
__________
(a)Included in Depreciation and amortization in the Registrants' Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
(b)Included in Operating revenues or Purchased power and fuel expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income.
(c)Included in Purchased power and fuel expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
360
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
(d)Included in Operating and maintenance expense in the Registrants’ Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
Cash paid (refunded) during the year:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $1,521 $ 331 $ 371 $144 $125 $257 $129 $ 61 $ 57 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 10 70 (61) (37) (57) 46 40 12 (3)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $1,470 $ 373 $ 343 $129 $106 $255 $130 $ 59 $ 55 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 265 (44) (42) 82 17 29 7 19 (5)
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Interest (net of amount capitalized) $1,421 $ 369 $ 332 $125 $ 94 $250 $123 $ 56 $ 61 
Income taxes (net of refunds) 95 746 (153) (2) 14 (32) 41 (6) (12)
361
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Other non-cash operating activities:
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 411 $ 115 $ 114 $ 5 $ 62 $ 70 $ 15 $ 7 $ 14 
Allowance for credit losses 150 17 32 42 15 43 24 16 2 
Other decommissioning-related activity (659) (659) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 104 104 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling
mechanisms and formula rates (6) — 47 (16) (16) (21) (40) 7 12 
Severance costs 105 90 1 1 — — — — — 
Provision for excess and obsolete
inventory 131 128 2 1 — — — — — 
Long-term incentive plan 56 — — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU asset 222 155 2 1 31 28 7 8 3 
Asset impairments — — 15 — — 13 — 7 6 
AFUDC - Equity (104) — (29) (17) (22) (36) (28) (4) (4)
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 438 $ 135 $ 96 $ 12 $ 61 $ 95 $ 25 $ 15 $ 16 
Allowance for credit losses 120 31 33 31 8 17 7 4 5 
Other decommissioning-related activity (506) (506) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 22 22 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling
mechanisms and formula rates 124 — 128 — — (4) (4) — — 
Long-term incentive plan 10 — — — — — — — — 
Amortization of operating ROU asset 244 172 3 — 30 33 8 8 4 
Change in environmental liabilities 23 — — — — 23 23 — — 
AFUDC - Equity (85) — (17) (13) (21) (34) (25) (4) (5)
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Pension and non-pension postretirement
benefit costs $ 583 $ 204 $ 177 $ 18 $ 59 $ 67 $ 15 $ 6 $ 12 
Allowance for credit losses 159 48 40 33 10 28 11 6 11 
Other decommissioning-related activity (2) (2) — — — — — — — 
Energy-related options 10 10 — — — — — — — 
True-up adjustments to decoupling
mechanisms and formula rates 49 — 28 — — 21 21 — — 
Asset retirement costs 20 — — — — 20 22 (1) (1)
Long-term incentive plan 140 — — — — — — — — 
AFUDC - Equity (69) — (19) (7) (18) (25) (22) (2) (1)
__________
(a)Includes the elimination of decommissioning-related activities for the Regulatory Agreement Units, including the elimination of operating
revenues, ARO updates and accretion, ARC amortization, investment income, and income taxes related to all NDT fund activity for these units.
See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information regarding the accounting for nuclear decommissioning.
(b)Includes option premiums reclassified to realized at the settlement of the underlying contracts and recorded to results of operations.(a)
(b)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(d)
(a)
(b)
(d)
362
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
(c)For ComEd, reflects the true-up adjustments in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its distribution, energy efficiency, distributed
generation, and transmission formula rates. For BGE, Pepco, and DPL, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with
their decoupling mechanisms and transmission formula rates. For PECO and ACE, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities
associated with their transmission formula rates. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters for additional information.
(d)For ComEd, reflects the true-up adjustments in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with its distribution and energy efficiency formula
rates. For Pepco and DPL, reflects the change in regulatory assets and liabilities associated with their decoupling mechanisms. See Note 3 —
Regulatory Matters for additional information.
The following tables provide a reconciliation of cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents reported within the Registrants'
Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020
Cash and cash equivalents $ 663 $ 226 $ 83 $ 19 $ 144 $ 111 $ 30 $ 15 $ 17 
Restricted cash and cash
equivalents 438 89 279 7 1 39 35 — 3 
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 53 — 43 — — 10 — — 10 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash
equivalents - Held for Sale 12 12 — — — — — — — 
Total cash, restricted cash, and
cash equivalents $ 1,166 $ 327 $ 405 $ 26 $ 145 $ 160 $ 65 $ 15 $ 30 
December 31, 2019
Cash and cash equivalents $ 587 $ 303 $ 90 $ 21 $ 24 $ 131 $ 30 $ 13 $ 12 
Restricted cash and cash
equivalents 358 146 150 6 1 36 33 — 2 
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 177 — 163 — — 14 — — 14 
Total cash, restricted cash, and
cash equivalents $ 1,122 $ 449 $ 403 $ 27 $ 25 $ 181 $ 63 $ 13 $ 28 
December 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,349 $ 750 $ 135 $ 130 $ 7 $ 124 $ 16 $ 23 $ 7 
Restricted cash and cash
equivalents 247 153 29 5 6 43 37 1 4 
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 185 — 166 — — 19 — — 19 
Total cash, restricted cash, and
cash equivalents $ 1,781 $ 903 $ 330 $ 135 $ 13 $ 186 $ 53 $ 24 $ 30 
December 31, 2017
Cash and cash equivalents $ 898 $ 416 $ 76 $ 271 $ 17 $ 30 $ 5 $ 2 $ 2 
Restricted cash and cash
equivalents 207 138 5 4 1 42 35 — 6 
Restricted cash included in other
long-term assets 85 — 63 — — 23 — — 23 
Total cash, restricted cash, and
cash equivalents $ 1,190 $ 554 $ 144 $ 275 $ 18 $ 95 $ 40 $ 2 $ 31 
363
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 24 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
The following tables provide additional information about material items recorded in the Registrants' Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Investments
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020
Equity method investments:
Other equity method
investments $ 81 $ 65 $ 6 $ 8 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Other investments:
Employee benefit trusts and
investments 283 61 — 22 10 140 115 — — 
Equity investments without
readily determinable fair
values 73 55 — — — — — — — 
Other available for sale debt
security investments 3 3 — — — — — — — 
Total investments $ 440 $ 184 $ 6 $ 30 $ 10 $ 140 $ 115 $ — $ — 
December 31, 2019
Equity method investments:
Other equity method
investments $ 92 $ 71 $ 6 $ 8 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Other investments:
Employee benefit trusts and
investments 262 54 — 19 7 135 110 — — 
Equity investments without
readily determinable fair
values 69 69 — — — — — — — 
Other available for sale debt
security investments 41 41 — — — — — — — 
Total investments $ 464 $ 235 $ 6 $ 27 $ 7 $ 135 $ 110 $ — $ — 
__________
(a)The Registrants’ debt and equity security investments are recorded at fair market value.
Accrued expenses
Exelon Generation ComEd PECO BGE PHI Pepco DPL ACE
December 31, 2020
Compensation-related accruals $ 1,069 $ 426 $ 170 $ 73 $ 84 $109 $ 36 $ 18 $ 17 
Taxes accrued 527 229 94 16 73 117 90 18 12 
Interest accrued 331 44 109 37 46 51 26 7 12 
December 31, 2019
Compensation-related accruals $ 1,052 $ 422 $ 171 $ 58 $ 78 $101 $ 28 $ 19 $ 15 
Taxes accrued 414 222 83 3 26 117 90 14 8 
Interest accrued 337 65 110 37 46 49 23 8 12 
__________
(a)Primarily includes accrued payroll, bonuses and other incentives, vacation, and benefits.(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
364
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
25. Related Party T ransactions (All Registrants)
Operating revenues from affiliates
Generation
The following table presents Generation’ s Operating revenues from affiliates, which are primarily recorded as Purchased power from
affiliates and an immaterial amount recorded as Operating and maintenance expense from af filiates at the Utility Registrants:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
 2020 2019 2018
Operating revenues from af filiates:
ComEd $ 330 $ 369 $ 523 
PECO 190 158 128 
BGE 315 289 260 
PHI 367 353 355 
Pepco 279 264 206 
DPL 75 70 120 
ACE 13 19 29 
Other 9 3 2 
Total operating revenues from af filiates (Generation) $ 1,211  $ 1,172  $ 1,268  
__________
(a)Generation has an ICC-approved RFP contract with ComEd to provide a portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements. Generation also
sells RECs and ZECs to ComEd.
(b)For 2020, ComEd’s Purchased power from Generation of $345 million is recorded as Operating revenues from ComEd of $330 million and
Purchased power and fuel from ComEd of $15 million at Generation. For 2019, ComEd’s Purchased power from Generation of $376 million is
recorded as Operating revenues from ComEd of $369 million and Purchased power and fuel from ComEd of $7 million at Generation.
(c)Generation provides electric supply to PECO under contracts executed through PECO’s competitive procurement process. In addition,
Generation has a ten-year agreement with PECO to sell solar AECs.
(d)Generation provides a portion of BGE’s energy requirements under its MDPSC-approved market-based SOS and gas commodity programs.
(e)Generation provides electric supply to Pepco under contracts executed through Pepco's competitive procurement process approved by the
MDPSC and DCPSC.
(f)Generation provides a portion of DPL's energy requirements under its MDPSC and DPSC approved market based SOS commodity programs.
(g)Generation provides electric supply to ACE under contracts executed through ACE's competitive procurement process.
PHI
PHI’s Operating revenues from af filiates are primarily with BSC for services that PHISCO provides to BSC.
Operating and maintenance expense from affiliates
The Registrants receive a variety of corporate support services from BSC. Pepco, DPL, and ACE also receive corporate support
services from PHISCO. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding BSC and PHISCO.(a)(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
365
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
The following table presents the service company costs allocated to the Registrants:
Operating and maintenance from affiliates Capitalized costs
For the years ended December 31, For the years ended December 31,
2020 2019 2018 2020 2019 2018
Exelon
BSC $ 585 $ 516 $ 448 
PHISCO 61 72 79 
Generation
   BSC $ 552 $ 570 $ 652 54 66 67 
ComEd
   BSC 283 263 265 186 148 135 
PECO
   BSC 150 149 146 76 88 64 
BGE
   BSC 170 157 157 132 126 79 
PHI
   BSC 152 139 147 149 88 102 
   PHISCO — — — 61 72 79 
Pepco
   BSC 85 85 89 55 38 40 
   PHISCO 120 124 137 27 33 32 
DPL
   BSC 54 52 51 51 25 28 
   PHISCO 97 100 111 18 20 25 
ACE
   BSC 45 42 42 40 19 20 
   PHISCO 87 90 98 16 19 21 
Current Receivables from/Payables to affiliates
The following tables present current receivables from af filiates and current payables to af filiates:
December 31, 2020
Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to
affiliates:Generation ComEd PECO BGE Pepco DPL ACE BSC PHISCO Other Total
Generation $ 13 $ — $— $ — $— $— $72 $ — $22 $ 107 
ComEd $ 78 — — — — — 59 — 9 146 
PECO 17 1 — — — — 28 — 4 50 
BGE 11 — — — — — 47 — 3 61 
PHI — — — — — — — 4 — 11 15 
Pepco 13 2 — 1 — — 25 14 — 55 
DPL 3 1 — — — — 21 10 1 36 
ACE 6 — — — — — 15 9 1 31 
Other 25 5 2 2 2 1 6 — — 43 
Total $ 153 $ 22 $ 2 $ 3 $ 2 $1 $ 6 $271 $ 33 $51 $ 544 (a)
366
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
December 31, 2019
Receivables from affiliates:
Payables to affiliates: Generation ComEd PECO BGE ACE BSC PHISCO Other Total
Generation $ 27 $— $ — $ — $ 67 $ — $ 23 $ 117 
ComEd $ 78 — — — 54 — 8 140 
PECO 27 — — — 25 — 3 55 
BGE 28 — — — 34 — 4 66 
PHI — — — — — 4 — 10 14 
Pepco 34 — — — — 16 15 1 66 
DPL 7 — — — 3 10 11 1 32 
ACE 7 — — — 7 10 1 25 
Other 9 1 1 1 1 — — 13 
Total $ 190 $ 28 $ 1 $ 1 $ 4 $ 217 $ 36 $ 51 $ 528 
__________
(a)At December 31, 2020 and 2019, Generation also had a contract liability with ComEd for $50 million and $37 million, respectively, that was
included in Other liabilities on Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, ComEd had a Current Payable to
Generation of $28 million and $41 million, respectively, on its Consolidated Balance Sheets, which consisted of Generation’s Current Receivable
from ComEd, partially offset by Generation’s contract liability with ComEd.
Borrowings from Exelon/PHI intercompany money pool
To provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost
of external financing both Exelon and PHI operate an intercompany money pool. Generation, ComEd, PECO, and PHI Corporate
participate in the Exelon money pool. Pepco, DPL, and ACE participate in the PHI intercompany money pool.
Noncurrent Receivables from/Payables to affiliates
Generation has long-term payables to ComEd and PECO as a result of the nuclear decommissioning contractual construct whereby ,
to the extent NDT funds are greater than the underlying ARO at the end of decommissioning, such amounts are due back to ComEd
and PECO, as applicable, for payment to their respective customers. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations for additional
information.
The following table presents noncurrent receivables from affiliates at ComEd and PECO which are recorded as noncurrent payables
to affiliates at Generation:
December 31,
2020 2019
ComEd $ 2,541  $ 2,622  
PECO 475 480 
Long-term debt to financing trusts
The following table presents Long-term debt to financing trusts:
As of December 31,
2020 2019
Exelon ComEd PECO Exelon ComEd PECO
ComEd Financing III $ 206 $ 205 $ — $ 206 $ 205 $ — 
PECO Trust III 81 — 81 81 — 81 
PECO Trust IV 103 — 103 103 — 103 
Total $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 $ 390 $ 205 $ 184 
Long-term debt to affiliates(a)
367
Table of Contents
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Dollars in millions, except per share data unless otherwise noted)
Note 25 — Related Party Transactions
In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger , Exelon and subsidiaries of
Generation (former Constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the
third-party debt obligations of Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable included in Long-term debt to affiliates in Generation’ s
Consolidated Balance Sheets and intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate.
26. Subsequent Events (Exelon and Generation)
Planned Separation
On February  21, 2021, Exelon’ s Board of Directo rs approved a plan to separate the Utility Registrants and Generation, creating two
publicly traded companies. Under the separation plan, Exelon shareholders will retain their current shares of Exelon stock and
receive a pro-rata distrib ution of shares of the new company’ s stock in a transaction that is expected to be tax-free to Exelon and its
shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The actual number of shares to be distributed to Exelon shareholders will be
determined prior to closing.
Exelon is targeting to complete the separation in the first quarter of 2022, subject to final approv al by Exelon’ s Board of Directors, a
Form 10 registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of other conditions. The
transaction is subject to approval by the FERC, NRC, and NYPSC, and receipt of a private letter ruling from the IRS and tax opinion
from Exelon’ s tax adviso rs. There can be no assurance that any separation transaction will ultimately occur or, if one does occur , of
its terms or timing.
Impacts of February 2021 W eather Events and T exas-based Generating Assets Outages
Beginning on February 15, 2021, Generation’ s Texas-based generating assets within the ERCOT  market, specifically Colorado Bend
II, Wolf Hollow II, and Handley , experienced periodic outages as a result of historically severe cold weather conditions. In addition,
those weather conditions drove increased demand for service, limited the availability of natural gas to fuel power plants, dramatically
increased wholesale power prices, and also increased gas prices in certain regions. In response to the high demand and
significantly reduced total generation on the system, ERCOT  implemented load reductions to maintain the reliability of the grid and
required the use of an administrative price cap of $ 9,000  per megawatt hour during load shedding events.
Exelon and Generation estimate the impact to their Net income for the first quarter of 2021 arising from these market and weather
conditions to be approxim ately $560 million to $710 million. The estimated impact includes favorable results in certain regions within
Generation’ s wholesale gas business. The ultimate impact to Exelon’ s and Generation’ s conso lidated financial statements may be
affected by a number of factors, including final settlement data, the impacts of customer and counterparty credit losses, any state
sponsored solutions to address the financial challenges caused by the event, and litigation and contract disputes which may result.
Generation used a comb ination of commercial paper and letters of credit to manage collateral needs and has posted approximately
$1.4 billion of collateral with ERCOT  as of February 22, 2021. Generation continues to believe it has sufficient cash on hand and
available capacity on its revolver , which was $ 2.4 billion as of February 22, 2021, to meet its liquidity requirements.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNT ANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE
All Registrants
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
All Registrants—Disclosure Controls and Procedures
During the fourth quarter of 2020, each registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, evaluated the ef fectiveness of that registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures
368
Table of Contents
related to the recording, processing, summarizin g, and reporting of information in that registrant’ s periodic reports that it files with the
SEC. These disclosure controls and procedures have been designed by each registrant to ensur e that (a) information relating to that
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, that is required to be included in filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
is accumulated and made known to that registrant’ s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, by other employ ees of that registrant and its subsidiaries as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure, and (b) this information is recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated, and reported, as applicable, within the time
periods specified in the SEC’ s rules and forms. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur becau se of simple error or mistake. Additi onally , controls could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by
collusion of two or more people.
Accordingly , as of December 31, 2020, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of each registrant concluded that
such registrant’ s disclosure controls and procedures were ef fective to accomplish their objectives.
All Registrants—Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Each registrant continually strives to improve its disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of its financial reporting
and to maint ain dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. However , there have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2020 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, any of the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting, including no changes resulting from COVID-19. See ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT'S DISC USSION AND ANAL YSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESUL TS OF OPERA TIONS - Executive
Overview for additional information on COVID-19.
All Registrants—Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is required to assess and report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2020. As a result of that assessment, managem ent determined that there were no material weaknesses as of December 31, 2020
and, therefore, concluded that each registrant’ s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Management’ s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENT ARY DATA.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION
All Registrants
On February 22, 2021, ComEd adopted Amended and Restated Bylaws to amend the standard for independent directors.
369
Table of Contents
PART III  
Exelon Gene ration Com pany , LLC, PECO Energ y Company , Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , Pepco Holdings LLC, Potomac
Electric Power Compan y, Delmarva Power & Light Company , and Atlantic City Electric Compa ny meet the conditions set forth in
General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K  for a reduced disclosure format. Accordingly , all items in this section relating to
Generation, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE are not presented.
ITEM 10. DIRECT ORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Executive Officers
The information required by ITEM 10 relating to executive officers is set forth above in ITEM 1. BUSINESS—Executive officers of the
Registrants at February 24, 2021.
Directors, Director Nomination Process and Audit Committee
The informa tion require d under ITEM 10 concerning directors and nominees for election as directors at the annual meeting of
shareholders (Item 401 of Regulation S-K), the director nomination process (Item 407(c)(3)), the audit committee (Item 407(d)(4) and
(d)(5)), and the benefici al reporting compliance (Sec. 16(a)) is incorporated herein by reference to information to be contained in
Exelon’ s definitive 2021 proxy statement (2021  Exelon Proxy Statement) and the ComEd information statement (2021 ComEd
Information Statement) to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2021 pursuant to Regulation 14A or 14C, as applicable, under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Code of Ethics
Exelon’ s Code of Business Conduct is the code of ethics that applies to Exelon’ s and ComEd’ s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Corpor ate Controller , and other finance organization employees. The Code of Business Conduct is filed as Exhibit
14 to this report and is available on Exelon’ s website at www .exeloncorp.com. The Code of Business Conduct will be made
available, without charge, in print to any shareho lder who requests such document from Carter C. Culver , Senior Vice President and
Deputy General Counsel, Exelon Corporation, P .O. Box 805398, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5398.
If any substa ntive amend ments to the Code of Business Conduct are made or any waivers are granted, including any implicit waiver ,
from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct, to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finan cial Officer or Corporate Controller ,
Exelon will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Exelon’ s website, www .exeloncorp.com, or in a report on Form 8-K.
370
Table of Contents
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSA TION
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under Executive Compensation Data  and Report of the Compensation
Committee in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd 2021 Information Statement,
which are incorporated herein by reference.
371
Table of Contents
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The addition al information required by this item will be set forth under Ownership of Exelon Stock  in the 2021  Exelon Proxy
Statement or the ComEd 2021 Information Statement and incorporated herein by reference.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Exelon Equity Compensation Plans
[A] [B] [C]
Plan CategoryNumber of securities to
be issued upon
exercise of outstanding
Options, warrants and
rights (Note 1)Weighted-average
price of outstanding
Options, warrants
and rights (Note 2)Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
under equity
compensation plans
(excluding securities
reflected in
column [A]) (Note 3)
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders 7,130,386 $ 16.29 46,987,104 
__________
(1)Balance includes stock options, unvested performance shares, and unvested restricted stock units that were granted under the Exelon LTIP or
predecessor company plans (including shares awarded under those plans and deferred into the stock deferral plan) and deferred stock units
granted to directors as part of their compensation. Unvested performance shares are subject to performance metrics and to a total shareholder
return modifier. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Exelon LTIP plan, 50% of final payouts are made in the form of shares of common stock
and 50% is made in form of in cash, or if the participant has exceeded 200% of their stock ownership requirement, 100% of the final payout is
made in cash. For performance shares granted in 2018, 2019, and 2020, the total includes the maximum number of shares that could be issued
assuming all participants receive 50% of payouts in shares and assuming the performance and total shareholder return modifier metrics were
both at maximum, representing best case performance, for a total of 6,988,082 shares. If the performance and total shareholder return modifier
metrics were at "target", the number of securities to be issued for such awards would be 3,494,041. The balance also includes 450,154 shares
to be issued upon the conversion of deferred stock units awarded to members of the Exelon board of directors. Conversion of the deferred stock
units to shares of common stock occurs after a director terminates service to the Exelon board or the board of any of its subsidiary companies.
See Note 21 — Stock-Based Compensation Plans of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about
the material features of the plans.
(2)The weighted-average price reported in column B does not take the performance shares and shares credited to deferred compensation plans
into account.
(3)Includes 15,229,957 shares remaining available for issuance from the employee stock purchase plan and 4,729,509 shares remaining available
for issuance to former Constellation employees with outstanding awards made under the prior Constellation LTIP.
No ComEd securities are authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.
372
Table of Contents
ITEM 13. CERT AIN RELA TIONSHIPS AND RELA TED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECT OR INDEPENDENCE
The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Related Persons Transactions and Director Independence in
the Exelon Proxy Statem ent for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or the ComEd 2021  Information Statement, which are
incorporated herein by reference.
373
Table of Contents
ITEM 14. PRINCIP AL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SER VICES
The informa tion required by this item will be set forth under The Ratification of Pricewat erhouseCoopers LLP as Exelon’ s
Independent Accountant for 2021 in the Exelon Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the ComEd 2021
Information Statement, which are incorporated herein by reference.
374
Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL  STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:
(1) Exelon
(i)   Financial Statements (Item 8):
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019,
and 2018
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii)   Financial Statement Schedules:
  Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate) at December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for
the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
  Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
  Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.
375
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating expenses
Operating and maintenance $ (2)$ 33 $ (5)
Operating and maintenance from af filiates 10 9 9 
Other 2 1 4 
Total operating expenses 10 43 8 
Operating loss (10) (43) (8)
Other income and (deductions)
Interest expense, net (378) (321) (312)
Equity in earnings of investments 2,313  3,254  2,183  
Interest income from af filiates, net 30 39 42 
Other , net 15 14 3 
Total other income 1,980  2,986  1,916  
Income before income taxes 1,970  2,943  1,908  
Income taxes 7 7 (97)
Net income $ 1,963  $ 2,936  $ 2,005  
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plans:
Prior service benefit reclassified to periodic costs $ (40)$ (64)$ (66)
Actuarial loss reclassified to periodic cost 190 148 247 
Pension and non-pension postretirement benefit plan valuation
adjustment (357) (289) (143)
Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges (1) 1 12 
Unrealized gain on equity investments — — 1 
Unrealized (loss) on foreign currency translation — — (10)
Other comprehensive income (loss) (208) (204) 41 
Comprehensive income $ 1,755  $ 2,732  $ 2,046  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
376
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
 
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Net cash flows provided by operating activities $ 3,018  $ 1,948  $ 2,576  
Cash flows from investing activities
Changes in Exelon intercompany money pool (477) 95 1 
Notes receivable from af filiates 550 — — 
Investment in af filiates (1,969 ) (1,071 ) (1,231 )
Net cash flows used in investing activities (1,896 ) (976) (1,230 )
Cash flows from financing activities
Changes in short-term borrowings (136) 136 — 
Issuance of long-term debt 2,000  — — 
Retirement of long-term debt (1,450 ) — — 
Dividends paid on common stock (1,492 ) (1,408 ) (1,332 )
Proceeds from employee stock plans 45 112 105 
Other financing activities (27) — (4)
Net cash flows used in financing activities (1,060 ) (1,160 ) (1,231 )
Increase (Decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 62 (188) 115 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at beginning of period 1 189 74 
Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents at end of period $ 63 $ 1 $ 189 
See the Notes to Financial Statements
377
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 63 $ 1 
Accounts receivable, net
Other accounts receivable 354 168 
Accounts receivable from af filiates 11 41 
Mark-to-market derivative assets — 3 
Notes receivable from af filiates 598 679 
Regulatory assets 315 253 
Other 4 4 
Total current assets 1,345  1,149  
Property , plant, and equipment, net 46 47 
Deferred debits and other assets
Regulatory assets 3,816  3,772  
Investments in af filiates 43,149  42,245  
Deferred income taxes 1,625  1,524  
Notes receivable from af filiates 324 329 
Other 312 308 
Total deferred debits and other assets 49,226  48,178  
Total assets $ 50,617  $ 49,374  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
378
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
Condensed Balance Sheets
 
 December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’  EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ 500 $ 636 
Long-term debt due within one year 300 1,458  
Accounts payable 1 1 
Accrued expenses 76 131 
Payables to af filiates 457 363 
Regulatory liabilities 4 13 
Pension obligations 92 77 
Other 4 10 
Total current liabilities 1,434  2,689  
Long-term debt 7,418  5,717  
Deferred credits and other liabilities
Regulatory liabilities 32 31 
Pension obligations 8,351  7,960  
Non-pension postretirement benefit obligations 387 403 
Deferred income taxes 348 263 
Other 62 87 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 9,180  8,744  
Total liabilities 18,032  17,150  
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders’  equity
Common stock (No par value, 2,000  shares authorized, 976 shares and 973 shares
outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively) 19,373  19,274  
Treasury stock, at cost ( 2 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019) (123) (123)
Retained earnings 16,735  16,267  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net (3,400 ) (3,194 )
Total shareholders’  equity 32,585  32,224  
Total liabilities and shareholders’  equity $ 50,617  $ 49,374  
See the Notes to Financial Statements
379
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 
1. Basis of Presentation
Exelon Corp orate is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. These
condensed financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation
S-X. These statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Exelon
Corporation.
Exelon Corporate owns 100% of all of its significant subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly , except for Commonwealth Edison
Company (ComEd), of which Exelon Corporate owns more than 99%.
2. Debt and Credit Agreements
Short-T erm Borrowings
Exelon Corp orate meets  its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper . Exelon Corporate
had no outstanding commercial paper borrowings and $ 136 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively .
Short-T erm Loan Agreements
On March 23, 2017, Exelon Corporate entered into a 12-month term loan agreement for $500 million, which was renewed annually
on March 22, 2018, March 20, 2019, and March 19, 2020, respectively . The loan agreement will expire on March 18, 2021. Pursuant
to the loan agreement, as of December 31, 2020, loans made thereunder bear interest at a varia ble rate equal to LIBOR plus 0.65%
and all indebtedness thereunder is unsecured. The loans beared interest at LIBOR plus 0.95% as of December 31, 2019 as part of
the March 20, 2019 renewal. The loan agreement is reflected in Exelon’ s Consolidated Balance Sheet within Short-T erm borrowings.
Revolving Credit Agreements
On May 26, 2018, Exelo n Corporate's syndicated revolving credit facility of $600 million had its maturity date extended to May 26,
2023. As of December 31, 2020, Exelon Corporation had available capacity under those commitments of $594 million. See Note 17
—Debt and Credit Agreements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding
Exelon Corporation’ s credit agreement.
On April 24, 2020, Exelo n Corporate entered into a credit agreement establishing a $550 million 364-day revolvin g credit facility at a
variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.75%. This facility will be used by Exelon as an additional source of short-term liquidity as
needed.
380
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
Long-T erm Debt
The following tables present the outstanding long-term debt for Exelon Corporate as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019:
  Maturity
DateDecember 31,
 Rates 2020 2019
Long-term debt
Junior subordinated notes 3.50 % 2022 $ 1,150  $ 1,150  
Senior unsecured notes 2.45 %- 7.60 % 2021 - 2050 6,439  5,889  
Total long-term debt 7,589  7,039  
Unamortized debt discount and premium,
net (10) (7)
Unamortized debt issuance costs (47) (39)
Fair value adjustment 186 182 
Long-term debt due within one year (300) (1,458 )
Long-term debt $ 7,418  $ 5,717  
__________
(a)Senior unsecured notes include mirror debt that is held on both Generation and Exelon Corporation's balance sheets.
The debt maturities for Exelon Corporate for the periods 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, and thereafter are as follows:
2021 $ 300 
2022 1,150  
2023 — 
2024 — 
2025 807 
Thereafter 5,332  
Total long-term debt $ 7,589  
3. Commitments and Contingencies
See Note 19—Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for Exelon
Corporate’ s commitments and contingencies related to environmental matters and fund transfer restrictions.(a)
381
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
4. Related Party T ransactions
The financial statements of Exelon Corporate include related party transactions as presented in the tables below:
 For the Years Ended
December 31,
(In millions) 2020 2019 2018
Operating and maintenance from af filiates:
        BSC $ 10 $ 9 $ 11 
Other — — (2)
Total operating and maintenance from af filiates: $ 10 $ 9 $ 9 
Interest income from af filiates, net:
Generation $ 29 $ 36 $ 36 
BSC 1 3 4 
EEDC — — 2 
Total interest income from af filiates, net: $ 30 $ 39 $ 42 
Equity in earnings (losses) of investments:
EEDC $ 1,729  $ 2,054  $ 1,830  
Generation 589 1,125  369 
UII — 97 — 
PCI — 1 (17)
Exelon Enterprises — (16) — 
Exelon INQB8R (6) (8) — 
Exelon Transmission Company — (2) 1 
Other 1 3 — 
Total equity in earnings of investments: $ 2,313  $ 3,254  $ 2,183  
Cash contributions received from af filiates $ 3,372  $ 2,514  $ 2,302  (a)
(b)
(b)
382
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Parent (Exelon Corporate)
 Notes to Financial Statements
 December 31,
(in millions) 2020 2019
Accounts receivable from af filiates (current):
BSC $ — $ 11 
Generation 3 13 
ComEd — 2 
PECO 1 2 
BGE — 1 
PHISCO 6 7 
Exelon Enterprises 1 — 
Exelon VTI, LLC — 5 
Total accounts receivable from af filiates (current): $ 11 $ 41 
Notes receivable from af filiates (current):
BSC $ 252 $ 109 
Generation 285 558 
PECO 40 — 
PHI 21 12 
Total notes receivable from af filiates (current): $ 598 $ 679 
Investments in af filiates:
BSC $ 196 $ 197 
EEDC 30,103  28,147  
Generation 12,400  13,484  
PCI 62 62 
UII 365 365 
Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust — (4)
Exelon Enterprises 3 6 
Exelon INQB8R, LLC 23 (8)
Other (3) (4)
Total investments in af filiates: $ 43,149  $ 42,245  
Notes receivable from af filiates (non-current):
Generation $ 324 $ 329 
Accounts payable to af filiates (current):
UII $ 360 $ 360 
BSC 91 — 
EEDC 4 — 
Generation 2 — 
Exelon Enterprises — 3 
Total accounts payable to af filiates (current): $ 457 $ 363 
__________
(a)Exelon Corporate receives a variety of corporate support services from BSC, including legal, human resources, financial, information
technology, and supply management services. All services are provided at cost, including applicable overhead.
(b)EEDC consists of ComEd, PECO, BGE, PHI, Pepco, DPL, and ACE.
(c)In connection with the debt obligations assumed by Exelon as part of the Constellation merger, Exelon and subsidiaries of Generation (former
Constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of
Exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable included in Long-Term Debt to affiliates in Generation’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and
intercompany notes receivable at Exelon Corporate, which are eliminated in consolidation in Exelon’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.(a)
(a)
(c)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(b)
(c)
383
Table of Contents
Exelon Corporation and Subsidiary Companies  
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 294 $ 240 $ (18) $ 79 $ 437 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 26 — 1 — 27 
Reserve for obsolete materials 155 128 (1) 6 276 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 319 $ 119 $ 26 $ 170 $ 294 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 35 — (9) — 26 
Reserve for obsolete materials 156 6 — 7 155 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 322 $ 159 $ 35 $ 197 $ 319 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 37 — 5 7 35 
Reserve for obsolete materials 174 25 (31) 12 156 
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for credit losses related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $5 million, $9 million, and $13 million for
the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
(b)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
applicable to the different jurisdictions the Utility Registrants operate in.
(c)Includes a decrease related to the sale of customer accounts receivable at Generation in the second quarter of 2020. See Note 6—Accounts
Receivable of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(d)Primarily reflects write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(e)Primarily reflects expense resulting from materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments as a result of the decision to early retire Byron,
Dresden, and Mystic 8 and 9. See Note 7—Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
(f)Primarily reflects the reclassification of assets as held for sale at Generation.(a) (b) (c) (d)
(e)
(a) (b) (d)
(a) (b) (d)
(f)
384
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(2) Generation
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019,
and 2018
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
385
Table of Contents
Exelon Generation Company , LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 81 $ 12 $ (56) $ 5 $ 32 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 24 — (1) — 23 
Reserve for obsolete materials 143 123 (1) — 265 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 104 $ 27 $ (11) $ 39 $ 81 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 26 — (2) — 24 
Reserve for obsolete materials 145 — — 2 143 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 114 $ 44 $ 4 $ 58 $ 104 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 23 — 3 — 26 
Reserve for obsolete materials 166 20 (32) 9 145 
__________
(a)Reflects the sale of customer accounts receivable at Generation in the second quarter of 2020. See Note 6—Accounts Receivable of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Primarily reflects expense resulting from materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments as a result of the decision to early retire Byron,
Dresden, and Mystic 8 and 9. See Note 7—Early Plant Retirements of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
(d)Primarily reflects the reclassification of assets as held for sale.(a) (b)
(c)
(b)
(b)
(d)
386
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
(3) ComEd
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019,
and 2018
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’  Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and
2018
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
387
Table of Contents
Commonwealth Edison Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 79 $ 54 $ 13 $ 28 $ 118 
Reserve for obsolete materials 7 3 — 4 6 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 81 $ 35 $ 20 $ 57 $ 79 
Reserve for obsolete materials 6 6 — 5 7 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 73 $ 44 $ 23 $ 59 $ 81 
Reserve for obsolete materials 5 3 1 3 6 
__________
(a)ComEd is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in
rates annually through a rider mechanism. The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory
assets/liabilities under such mechanism. See Note 3 – Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
388
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
(4) PECO
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019,
and 2018
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and
2018
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
389
Table of Contents
PECO Energy Company and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
  Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 62 $ 76 $ 6 $ 20 $ 124 
Deferred tax valuation allowance — — 1 — $ 1 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 61 $ 31 $ 3 $ 33 $ 62 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 56 $ 33 $ 3 $ 31 $ 61 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2 
__________
(a)Excludes the non-current allowance for credit losses related to PECO’s installment plan receivables of $5 million, $9 million, and $13 million for
the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
(b)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to the COVID-19 regulatory asset. See Note 3 –
Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(c)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b) (c)
(a) (c)
(a) (c)
390
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
(5) BGE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
391
Table of Contents
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 17 $ 31 $ 6 $ 10 $ 44 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — (1) — — 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 20 $ 8 $ 7 $ 18 $ 17 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 24 $ 10 $ (2)$ 12 $ 20 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 1 — — — 1 
Reserve for obsolete materials — 1 — — 1 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (b)
(a) (b)
392
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
(6) PHI
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019,
and 2018
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
393
Table of Contents
Pepco Holdings LLC and Subsidiary Companies
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 53 $ 69 $ 13 $ 16 $ 119 
Reserve for obsolete materials 3 — — 1 2 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 53 $ 17 $ 7 $ 24 $ 53 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 8 — (8) — — 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 1 — — 3 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 55 $ 28 $ 7 $ 37 $ 53 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 13 — 2 7 8 
Reserve for obsolete materials 2 — — — 2 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
applicable to the different jurisdictions Pepco, DPL, and ACE operate in.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Write-offs of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (c)
(a) (c)
394
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
(7) Pepco
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
395
Table of Contents
Potomac Electric Power Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 20 $ 25 $ 5 $ 5 $ 45 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 21 $ 7 $ 2 $ 10 $ 20 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 21 $ 11 $ 3 $ 14 $ 21 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the DCPSC and MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (c)
(a) (c)
396
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
(8) DPL
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
Notes to Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
397
Table of Contents
Delmarva Power & Light Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 15 $ 16 $ 4 $ 4 $ 31 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 13 $ 4 $ 3 $ 5 $ 15 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 16 $ 6 $ 2 $ 11 $ 13 
__________
(a)The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to regulatory assets/liabilities under different mechanisms
as approved by the DPSC and MDPSC.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (c)
(a) (c)
398
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
(9) ACE
(i) Financial Statements (Item 8):
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 24, 2021 of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019,
and 2018
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder's Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and
2018
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II—V aluation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018
Schedules not included are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because
the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto
399
Table of Contents
Atlantic City Electric Company and Subsidiary Company
Schedule II – V aluation and Qualifying Accounts
Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E
Additions and adjustments
DescriptionBalance at
Beginning
of PeriodCharged to
Costs and
ExpensesCharged
to Other
Accounts DeductionsBalance at
End
of Period
(In millions)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
Allowance for credit losses $ 18 $ 28 $ 4 $ 7 $ 43 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — 1 — 
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Allowance for credit losses $ 19 $ 5 $ 2 $ 8 $ 18 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
For the year ended December 31, 2018
Allowance for credit losses $ 18 $ 11 $ 2 $ 12 $ 19 
Reserve for obsolete materials 1 — — — 1 
__________
(a)ACE is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates
annually through the Societal Benefits Charge. The amount charged to costs and expenses includes the amount that was reclassified to
regulatory assets/liabilities under such mechanism. See Note 3 – Regulatory Matters of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information.
(b)Write-offs, net of recoveries of individual accounts receivable.
(c)Write-off of individual accounts receivable.(a) (b)
(a) (c)
(a) (c)
400
Table of Contents
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:
Certain of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended . Certain other instruments which would otherwise be required to be listed below have not been so listed because such
instruments do not authorize securities in an amount which exceeds 10% of the total assets of the applicable registrant and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and the relevant registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission
upon request.
Exhibit No. Description
2-1Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 28, 2011 by and among Exelon Corporation, Bolt Acquisition
Corporation and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 28, 2011, Exhibit 2.1).
2-2Distribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation,
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and RF HoldCo LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
2.3).
2-3Contribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation, Exelon
Energy Delivery Company , LLC and RF HoldCo LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
2.4).
2-4Contribution Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among Exelon Corporation, Exelon V entures
Company , LLC and Exelon Generation Company , LLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
2.5).
2-5Purchase Agreement dated as of August 8, 2012 by and between Constellation Power Source Generation, Inc. and
Raven Power Holdings, LLC. (File No. 333-85496, Form 10-Q dated November 7, 2012, Exhibit 2.1).
2-6Master Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2010, by and between Electricite de France, S.A. and Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated November 1, 2010, Exhibit 2.1).
2-7Put Termination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2010, by and among EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), E.D.F . International S.A., Constellation Nuclear , LLC, and Constellation Energy Nuclear Group,
LLC. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated November 8, 2010, Exhibit 2.1).
2-8Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2010, by and among Constellation Energy Group, Inc., Baltimore
Gas and Electric Company and RF HoldCo LLC. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated February 4, 2010, Exhibit
99.2).
2-9Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of July 18, 2014, among Pepco Holdings, Inc.,
Exelon Corporation and Purple Acquisition Corp. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated July 21, 2014, Exhibit 2.1).
3-1Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Exelon Corporation, as amended July 24, 2018 (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated July 27, 2018, Exhibit 3.1).
3-2Exelon Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended on August 3, 2020 (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-
Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.1).
3-3Certificate of Formation of Exelon Generation Company , LLC (Registration Statement No. 333-85496, Form S-4
dated December 27, 2000, Exhibit 3.1).
3-4Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Exelon Generation Company , LLC dated of October 30,
2019 (File No. 333-85496, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 3.1).
401
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
3-5Restated Articles of Incorporation of Commonwealth Edison Company Ef fective February 20, 1985, including
Statements of Resolution Establishing Series, relating to the establishment of three new series of Commonwealth
Edison Company preference stock known as the “$9.00 Cumulative Preference Stock,” the “$6.875 Cumulative
Preference Stock” and the “$2.425 Cumulative Preference Stock” (File No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated March 30,
1995, Exhibit 3.2).
3-6 Commonwealth Edison Company Amended and Restated By-Laws, Ef fective February 22, 2021.**
3-7Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PECO Energy Company (File No. 001-01401, Form 10-K dated
April 2, 2001, Exhibit 3.3).
3-8PECO Energy Company Amended and Restated Bylaws dated August 3, 2020 (File 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated
August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.3).
3-9Articles of Amendment to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company as of February 2, 2010. (File No. 001-
01910, Form 8-K dated February 4, 2010, Exhibit 3.1).
3-10Articles of Restatement to the Charter of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , restated as of August 16, 1996. (File
No. 001-01910, Form 10-Q dated November 14, 1996, Exhibit 3).
3-11Amended and Restated Bylaws of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company dated August 3, 2020 (File No. 001-01910,
Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.4).
3-12Certificate of Formation of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March
24, 2016, Exhibit 3.2).
3-13Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Pepco Holdings LLC, dated August 3, 2020 (File
No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 3.5).
3-14Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in the
District of Columbia) (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.1).
3-15Potomac Electric Power Company Restated Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Restatement of (as filed in
Virginia) (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2011, Exhibit 3.3).
3-16Delmarva Power & Light Company Articles of Restatement of Certificate and Articles of Incorporation (filed in
Delaware and V irginia 02/22/07) (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2007, Exhibit 3.3).
3-17Atlantic City Electric Company Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed in New Jersey on August 9, 2002) (File No.
001-03559, Amendment No. 1 to Form U5B dated February 13, 2003, Exhibit B.8.1).
3-18 Bylaws of Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2006, Exhibit 3.2).
3-19 Bylaws of Delmarva Power & Light Company (File No. 001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.1).
3-20 Bylaws of Atlantic City Electric Company (File No. 001-03559, Form 10-Q dated May 9, 2005, Exhibit 3.2.2).
402
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-1First and Refunding Mortgage dated May 1, 1923 between The Counties Gas and Electric Company (predecessor
to PECO Energy Company) and Fidelity Trust Company , Trustee (U.S. Bank National Association, as current
successor trustee), (Registration No. 2-2281, Exhibit B-1).
4-1-1 Supplemental Indentures to PECO Energy Company’ s First and Refunding Mortgage:
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
December 1, 1941 2-4863   B-1(h)
April 15, 2004   000-16844, Form 10-Q dated
September 30, 2004  4-1-1
September 15, 2006   000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 25, 2006  4.1
March 1, 2007   000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 19,
2007  4.1
September 1, 2012   000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 17, 2012  4.1
September 15, 2013   000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2013  4.1
September 1, 2014000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 15, 20144.1
September 15, 2015000-16844, Form 8-K dated October 5,
20154.1
September 1, 2016000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 21, 20164.1
September 1, 2017000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 18, 20174.1
February 1, 2018000-16844, Form 8-K dated February
23, 20184.1
September 1, 2018000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 11, 20184.1
August 15, 2019000-16844, Form 8-K dated
September 10, 20194.1
June 1, 2020000-16844, Form 8-K dated June 8,
20204.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-2 Exelon Corporation Direct Stock Purchase Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-206474, Form S-3, Prospectus).
4-3Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company to Illinois Merchants Trust Company , Trustee (BNY  Mellon Trust
Company of Illinois, as current successor Trustee), dated July 1, 1923, as supplemented and amended by
Supplemental Indenture thereto dated August 1, 1944. (Registration No. 2-60201, Form S-7, Exhibit 2-1).(a)
(a)
(a)
403
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-3-1 Supplemental Indentures to Commonwealth Edison Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
January 13, 2003   001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
13, 2003  4-4
February 22, 2006   001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 6,
2006  4.1
August 1, 2006   001-01839, Form 8-K dated
August 28, 2006  4.1
September 15, 2006   001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
2, 2006  4.1
March 1, 2007   001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 23,
2007  4.1
August 30, 2007   001-01839, Form 8-K dated
September 10, 2007  4.1
December 20, 2007   001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
16, 2008  4.1
March 10, 2008   001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 27,
2008  4.1
July 12, 2010   001-01839, Form 8-K dated August 2,
2010  4.1
August 22, 2011   001-01839, Form 8-K dated
September 7, 2011  4.1
September 17, 2012   001-01839, Form 8-K dated October
1, 2012  4.1
August 1, 2013   001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
19, 2013  4.1
January 2, 2014   001-01839, Form 8-K dated January
10, 2014  4.1
October 28, 2014001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 10, 20144.1
February 18, 2015001-01839, Form 8-K dated March 2,
20154.1
November 4, 2015001-01839, Form 8-K dated
November 19, 20154.1
June 15, 2016001-01839, Form 8-K dated June 27,
20164.1
August 9, 2017001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
23, 20174.1
404
Table of Contents
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
February 6, 2018001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
20, 20184.1
July 26, 2018001-01839, Form 8-K dated August
14, 20184.1
February 7, 2019001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
19, 20194.1
October 29, 2019001-01839, Form 8-K dated November
12, 20194.1
February 10, 2020001-01839, Form 8-K dated February
10, 20204.1
Exhibit No. Description
4-4Instrument of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of February 20, 2002, under the provisions of the
Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company dated July 1, 1923, and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding
corporate trustee (File No. 001-01839, Form 10-K dated April 1, 2002, Exhibit 4.4.2).
4-5Instrument dated as of January 31, 1996, under the provisions of the Mortgage of Commonwealth Edison Company
dated July 1, 1923 and Indentures Supplemental thereto, regarding individual trustee (File No. 001-01839, Form 10-
K dated March 29, 1996, Exhibit 4.29).
4-6Indenture to Subordinated Debt Securities dated as of June 24, 2003 between PECO Energy Company , as Issuer ,
and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003, Exhibit 4.1).
4-7Form of 4.25% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC. (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K
dated June 18, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-8Form of 5.60% Senior Note due 2042 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC. (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K
dated June 18, 2012, Exhibit 4.2).
4-9Form of 2.80% Senior Note due 2022 issued by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-
K dated August 17, 2012, Exhibit 4.1).
4-10Form of 3.35% Senior Note due 2023 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company . (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated
June 17, 2013, Exhibit 4.1).
4-11Form of 6.000% Senior Notes due 2033 issued by Exelon Generation Company , LLC (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-
K dated September 30, 2013, Exhibit No. 4.1).
4-12Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement between PECO Energy Company , as Guarantor , and U.S. Bank National
Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844, Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003, Exhibit
4.2).
4-13PECO Energy Capital Trust IV Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust among PECO Energy Company , as
Sponsor , U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Delaware Trustee and Property Trustee, and J. Barry Mitchell,
George R. Shicora and Charles S. W alls as Administrative Trustees dated as of June 24, 2003 (File No. 000-16844,
Form 10-Q dated July 30, 2003, Exhibit 4.3).
4-14Indenture dated May 1, 2001 between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company ,
National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated July 26, 2005, Exhibit 4.10).
4-15Form of $500,000,000 5.625% senior notes due 2035 dated June 9, 2005 issued by Exelon Corporation (File No.
001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 9, 2005, Exhibit 99.3).
405
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-16Indenture dated as of September 28, 2007 from Exelon Generation Company , LLC to U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated September 28, 2007, Exhibit 4.1).
4-17Form of 6.25% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2039 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 23, 2009, Exhibit 4.2).
4-18Form of 4.00% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 30, 2010, Exhibit 4.1).
4-19Form of 5.75% Exelon Generation Company , LLC Senior Note due 2041 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
September 30, 2010, Exhibit 4.2).
4-20Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and the Bank of New York, Trustee dated as of March 24,
1999. (File No. 333-75217, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated March 29, 1999, Exhibit 4(a)).
4-21First Supplemental Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and the Bank of New York, Trustee dated
as of January 24, 2003. (File No. 333-102723, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated January 24, 2003, Exhibit
4(b)).
4-22Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee. (File No. 333-135991, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated July 24, 2006, Exhibit 4(a)).
4-23First Supplemental Indenture between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee, dated as of June 27, 2008. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated June 30, 2008, Exhibit 4(a)).
4-24Indenture dated June 19, 2008 between Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as trustee. (File No. 001-12869, Form 10-Q dated August 11, 2008, Exhibit 4(a)).
4-25Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2013, among Continental Wind, LLC, the guarantors party thereto and
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated September 30, 2013,
Exhibit 4.1).
4-26Indenture dated July 1, 1985, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and The Bank of New York (Successor
to Mercantile-Safe Deposit and Trust Company), Trustee. (Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Registration Statement
on Form S-3, File No. 2-98443); as supplemented by Supplemental Indentures dated as of October 1, 1987
(Designated as Exhibit 4(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 13, 1987, File No. 1-1910) and as
of January 26, 1993 (Designated as Exhibit 4(b) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993, filed
by Baltimore Gas and Electric Company , File No. 1-1910).
4-27Indenture dated as of July 24, 2006 between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as trustee. (File No. 333-135991, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated July 24, 2006,
Exhibit 4(b)).
4-28Indenture dated as of June 29, 2007, by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary . (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated July 5, 2007, Exhibit 4.1).
4-29Series Supplement to Indenture dated as of June 29, 2007 by and between RSB BondCo LLC and Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (File No. 001-01910, Form 10-Q dated November
6, 2009, Exhibit 4(b)).
4-30Replacement Capital Covenant dated June 27, 2008. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated June 30, 2008, Exhibit
No. 4(b)).(a)
406
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-31Amendment to Replacement Capital Covenant, dated as of March 12, 2012, amending the Replacement Capital
Covenant, dated as of June 27, 2008 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit 99.4).
4-32Officers’  Certificate, dated December 14, 2010, establishing the 5.15% Notes due December 1, 2020 of
Constellation Energy Group, Inc., with the form of Notes attached thereto. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated
December 14, 2010, Exhibit 4 (b)).
4-33Officers’  Certificate, November 16, 2011, establishing the 3.50% Notes due November 15, 2021 of Baltimore Gas
and Electric Company , with the form of Notes attached thereto. (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated November 16,
2011, Exhibit 4(b)).
4-34Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.1).
4-35-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as Trustee. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2).
4-35-2 Form of 2.50% Notes due 2024 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.2, Exhibit A).
4-35-3Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, between Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as Purchase Contract Agent, Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary . (File
No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4).
4-35-4 Form of Remarketing Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit P).
4-35-5 Form of Corporate Unit (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit A).
4-35-6 Form of Treasury Unit (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014, Exhibit 4.4, Exhibit B).
4-36Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 11, 2015, Exhibit 4.1).
4-36-1First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 11, 2015, Exhibit
4.2).
4-36-2Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 2, 2015, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company , National Association, as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated December 2,
2015, Exhibit 4.1).
4-37Form of Conversion Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 24,
2016, Exhibit 4.1).
4-38Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2016, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 7, 2016, Exhibit 4.2).
4-39Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated July 1, 1936, of Potomac Electric Power Company to The Bank of New York
Mellon as successor trustee, securing First Mortgage Bonds of Potomac Electric Power Company , and
Supplemental Indenture dated July 1, 1936 (File No. 2-2232, Registration Statement dated June 19, 1936, Exhibit
B-4).(a)
407
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-39-1 Supplemental Indentures to Potomac Electric Power Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
December 10, 1939 Form 8-K dated January 3, 1940 B
March 16, 2004001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
23, 20044.3
May 24, 2005001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 26,
20054.2
November 13, 2007001-01072, Form 8-K dated
November 15, 20074.2
March 24, 2008001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
28, 20084.1
December 3, 2008001-01072, Form 8-K dated
December 8, 20084.2
March 28, 2012001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
29, 20124.2
March 11, 2013001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
12, 20134.2
November 14, 2013001-01072, Form 8-K dated
November 15, 20134.2
March 11, 2014001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
12, 20144.2
March 9, 2015001-01072, Form 8-K dated March
10, 20154.3
May 15, 2017001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 22,
20174.2
June 1, 2018001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21,
20184.2
May 2, 2019001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 13,
20194.2
February 12, 2020001-01072, Form 8-K dated February
25, 20204.2
Exhibit No. Description
4-40Indenture, dated as of July 28, 1989, between Potomac Electric Power Company and The Bank of New York Mellon,
Trustee, with respect to Medium-T erm Note Program (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 1990, Exhibit
4).
4-41Senior Note Indenture, dated November 17, 2003 between Potomac Electric Power Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated November 21, 2003, Exhibit 4.2).
4-41-1Supplemental Indenture, dated March 31, 2008, to Senior Note Indenture between Potomac Electric Power
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (File No. 001-01072, Form 10-K dated March 2, 2009, Exhibit 4.3).(a)
(a)
408
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-42Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Delaware Power & Light Company to The Bank of New York Mellon (ultimate
successor to the New York Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of October 1, 1943, and copies of the First through
Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indentures thereto (File No. 33-1763, Registration Statement dated November 27, 1985,
Exhibit 4-A)
4-42-1 Supplemental Indentures to Delmarva Power & Light Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
October 1, 199333-53855, Registration Statement
dated January 30, 19954-L
October 1, 199433-53855, Registration Statement
dated January 30, 19954-N
January 1, 1997001-01405, Form 10-K dated
February 24, 20124.4
November 7, 2013001-01405, Form 8-K dated
November 8, 20134.2
June 2, 2014001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 3,
20144.3
May 4, 2015001-01405, Form 8-K dated May 5,
20154.2
December 5, 2016001-01405, Form 8-K dated
December 12, 20164.2
April 5, 2017001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 3,
20174.5
April 3, 2018000-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 2,
20184.3
June 1, 2018000-01405, Form 8-K dated June 21,
20184.2
April 3, 2019001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 2,
20194.2
May 2, 2019001-01405, Form 8-K dated
December 12, 20194.2
March 18, 2020001-01405, Form 10-Q dated May 8,
20204.4
June 1, 2020001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 9,
20204.4(a)
(a)
(a)
409
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-43Indenture between Delmarva Power & Light Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company , N.A.
(ultimate successor to Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of November 1, 1988 (File No.
33-46892, Registration Statement dated April 1, 1992, Exhibit 4-G).
4-44Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated January 15, 1937, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New
York Mellon (formerly Irving Trust Company), as trustee (File No. 2-66280, Registration Statement dated December
21, 1979, Exhibit 2(a)).
4-44-1 Supplemental Indentures to Atlantic City Electric Company Mortgage.
Dated as of File Reference Exhibit No.
June 1, 19492-66280, Registration Statement
dated December 21, 19792(b)
March 1, 1991 Form 10-K dated March 28, 1991 4(d)(1)
April 1, 2004001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 6,
20044.3
March 8, 2006001-03559, Form 8-K dated March
17, 20064
March 29, 2011001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 1,
20114.2
August 18, 2014001-03559, Form 8-K dated August
19, 20144.2
December 1, 2015001-03559, Form 8-K dated
December 2, 20154.2
October 9, 2018001-03559, Form 8-K dated
October 16, 20184.1
May 2, 2019001-03559, Form 8-K dated May
21, 20194.3
June 1, 2020001-03559, Form 8-K dated June 9,
20204.2
Exhibit No. Description
4-45Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1997, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated March 24, 1997, Exhibit 4.2).
4-46Senior Note Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2004, between Atlantic City Electric Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon, as trustee (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated April 6, 2004, Exhibit 4.2).
4-47Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2002 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC and The Bank of
New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 4.1).
4-482002-1 Series Supplement, dated as of December 19, 2002 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit
4.2).(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
410
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-492003-1 Series Supplement, dated as of December 23, 2003 between Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2003, Exhibit
4.2).
4-50Indenture, dated September 6, 2002, between Pepco Holdings, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee
(File No. 333-100478, Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated October 10, 2002, Exhibit 4.03).
4-51 Corporate Commercial Paper Master Note (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-K dated February 24, 2012, Exhibit 4.13).
4-52Pepco Holdings, Inc. Certificate of Series A Non-V oting Non-Convertible Preferred Stock (File No. 001-31403, Form
8-K dated April 30, 2014, Exhibit 3.1).
4-53 Form of 2.400% notes due 2026 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.1).
4-54 Form of 3.500% notes due 2046 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 18, 2016, Exhibit 4.2).
4-55Form of Exelon Generation Company , LLC 2.950% senior notes due 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
March 10, 2017, Exhibit 4.1).
4-56Form of Exelon Generation Company , LLC 3.400% notes due 2022 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated March 10,
2017, Exhibit 4.2).
4-57Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 3, 2017, between Exelon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company , N.A., as trustee, to that certain Indenture (For Unsecured Subordinated Debt Securities), dated June 17,
2014 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.3).
4-58Form of Exelon Corporation 3.497% junior subordinated notes due 2022 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated
April 4, 2017, Exhibit 4.4).
4-59Form of First Mortgage Bond, 4.15% Series due March 15, 2043 (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated May 22,
2017, Exhibit 4.2).
4-60 BGE Form of 3.750% notes due 2047 (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated August 24, 2017, Exhibit 4.1).
4-61Exempt Facilities Loan Agreement dated as of June 1, 2019 between the Maryland Economic Development
Corporation and Potomac Electric Power Company (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 27, 2019, Exhibit
4.1).
4-62Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2019, between Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated September 12, 2019, Exhibit 4.1).
4-63 Description of Exelon Securities (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 4.63).
4-64 Description of PECO Securities (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 4.64).
4-65 Description of ComEd Securities (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 4.65).
4-66Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, among Exelon Corporation and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company , N.A., as trustee (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 1, 2020, Exhibit 4.2).
411
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
4-67Form of Exelon Generation Company LLC 3.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated
May 15, 2020, Exhibit 4.1).
4-68Pollution Control Facilities Loan Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2020, between The Pollution Control Financing
Authority of Salem County and Atlantic City Electric (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated June 2, 2020, Exhibit 4.1).
4-69Gas Facilities Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, between The Delaware Economic Development Authority
and Delmarva Power (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated July 1, 2020, Exhibit 4.1) .
10-1Exelon Corporation Non-Employee Directors’  Deferred Stock Unit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective April
28, 2020). (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.1).
10-2Form of Exelon Corporation Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended and restated
Effective March 12, 2012) * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 10, 2016, Exhibit 10.3).
10-3Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Plan* (File No. 1-
16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.2).
10-4Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended (File No. 001-11375, Form 10-K dated March
29, 1996, Exhibit 10.12).
10-5Amendment Number One to the Unicom Corporation Deferred Compensation Unit Plan, as amended January 1,
2008 * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009, Exhibit 10.16).
10-6Exelon Corporation Supplemental Management Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1,
2009) * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009, Exhibit 10.19).
10-7PECO Energy Company Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2009)
(File No. 000-16844, Form 10-K dated February 6, 2009, Exhibit 10.20).
10-8Exelon Corporation Annual Incentive Plan for Senior Executives (As Amended Ef fective January 1, 2014 * (File No.
001-16169, Proxy Statement dated April 1, 2014, Appendix A).
10-9Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated ef fective September 25, 2019 (File
No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.3).
10-10Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (Registration Statement No. 333-122704, Form S-4, Joint Proxy
Statement-Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) filed June 3, 2005, Annex H).
10-11Form of Stock Option Grant Instrument under the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (File No. 001-
16169, Form 8-K dated January 27, 2006, Exhibit 99.2).
10-12Exelon Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Unincorporated Subsidiaries, as amended and restated
effective September 25, 2019 (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.4).
10-13Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020) *
(File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 10.13).
10-14Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan dated as of January 1, 2003 * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K
dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.52).
10-15First Amendment to Exelon Corporation Executive Death Benefits Plan, Ef fective January 1, 2006 * (File No. 001-
16169, Form 10-K dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.53).
412
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-16Amendment Number One to the Exelon Corporation 2006 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, Ef fective December 4, 2006
(File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.54).
10-17Exelon Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective January 1, 2005) (File No.
001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 13, 2007, Exhibit 10.56).
10-18Exelon Corporation Stock Deferral Plan (As Amended and Restated Ef fective September 25, 2019) (File No. 001-
16169, Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2019, Exhibit 10.5).
10-19 Restricted stock unit award agreement (File 001-16169, Form 8-K dated August 31, 2007, Exhibit 99.1).
10-20Form of Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan, as amended ef fective December 18, 2014. * (File
No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 10, 2016, Exhibit 10.34).
10-20-1Form of Exelon Corporation Long-T erm Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2020. * (File
No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 10.21).
10-20-2Amendment Number Two to the Exelon Corporation 2011 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated
Effective January 21, 2014), Ef fective October 26, 2015. * (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 10, 2016,
Exhibit 10.34.3).
10-21Form of Separation Agreement under Exelon Corporation Senior Management Severance Plan (As Amended and
Restated Ef fective January 1, 2020) (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 11, 2020, Exhibit 10.21).
10-22Credit Agreement for $500,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Corporation and V arious Financial
Institutions (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit 99.1).
10-23Credit Agreement for $5,300,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between Exelon Generation Company , LLC and
Various Financial Institutions (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit 99.2).
10-24Credit Agreement for $600,000,000 dated as of March 23, 2011 between PECO Energy Company and V arious
Financial Institutions (File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated March 23, 2011, Exhibit 99.3).
10-25Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2012 among Commonwealth Edison Company , Various Financial
Institutions, as Lenders, and JP  Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (File No. 001-01839, Form 8-K
dated March 28, 2012, Exhibit 99.1).
10-26Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 23, 2011 among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated August 10, 2013, Exhibit 99.1).
10-27Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2012 among Commonwealth Edison Company , as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-1839, Form 8-K dated August 10, 2013, Exhibit 99.2).
10-28Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2011, to the Credit Agreement dated as of March
23, 2011, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit 4.6).
10-29Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated. * (File No.
001-12869, Form 10-K dated February 27, 2009, Exhibit 10(b)).
10-30Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and
restated. * (File No. 001-12869, Form 10-K dated February 27, 2009, Exhibit 10(c)).
413
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-31Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Benefits Restoration Plan, amended and restated ef fective June 1, 2010. * (File
No. 001-12869, Form 10-Q dated August 6, 2010, Exhibit 10(b)).
10-32Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Supplemental Pension Plan, as amended and restated. * (File No. 001-12869,
Form 10-K dated February 27, 2009, Exhibit 10(e)).
10-33Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Senior Executive Supplemental Plan, as amended and restated. * (File No. 001-
12869, Form 10-K dated February 27, 2009, Exhibit 10(f)).
10-34Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Executive Supplemental Benefits Plan, as amended and restated. * (File No. 001-
12869, Form 10-Q dated August 11, 2008, Exhibit No. 10(a)).
10-35Constellation Energy Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Long-T erm Incentive Plan. * (File No. 001-12869,
Form 8-K dated June 4, 2010, Exhibit 10.1).
10-36Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2009, by and among Constellation
Energy Nuclear Group, LLC, Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Development Inc., and for certain
limited purposes, E.D.F . International S.A. and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K
dated November 12, 2009, Exhibit 10.1).
10-37Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (File No. 001-12869, Form 10-K dated March 3, 2011, Exhibit
10(s)).
10-38Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (File No. 001-12869, Form 10-K dated March 3, 2011, Exhibit
10(t)).
10-39Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Constellation Energy Nuclear
Group, LLC, by and among Constellation Nuclear , LLC, CE Nuclear , LLC, EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), and E.D.F . International S.A. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K dated November 3, 2010, Exhibit
10.1).
10-40Termination Agreement dated as of November 3, 2010, by and among EDF Inc. (formerly known as EDF
Development, Inc.), E.D.F . International S.A., and Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-K
dated November 3, 2010, Exhibit 10.2).
10-41Settlement Agreement between EDF Inc., Exelon Corporation, Exelon Energy Delivery Company , LLC, Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company dated January 16, 2012. (File No. 001-12869, Form 8-
K dated January 19, 2012, Exhibit 10.1).
10-42-1Confirmation of Base Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 11, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and Barclays
Capital, Inc., acting as Agent for Barclays Bank PLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit
10.1).
10-42-2Confirmation of Base Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 11, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and Goldman
Sachs & Co. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 10.2).
10-42-3Confirmation of Additional Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 13, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and
Barclays Capital, Inc., acting as Agent for Barclays Bank PLC (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014,
Exhibit 10.3).
10-42-4Confirmation of Additional Issuer Forward Transaction, dated June 13, 2014, between Exelon Corporation and
Goldman Sachs & Co. (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated June 17, 2014, Exhibit 10.4).
414
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-43Bondable Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2002, between ACE Funding and ACE
(File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 10.1).
10-44Bondable Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2002, between ACE Funding and
ACE (File No. 333-59558, Form 8-K dated December 23, 2002, Exhibit 10.2).
10-45Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2010, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Conectiv , LLC, Conectiv
Energy Holding Company , LLC and New Development Holdings, LLC (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated July 8,
2010, Exhibit 2.1).
10-46Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2015, among Potomac Electric Power Company and BNY  Mellon Capital
Markets, LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and RBS Securities Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters
named therein (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated March 10, 2015, Exhibit 1.1).
10-47Purchase Agreement, May 4, 2015, among Delmarva Power & Light Company and J.P . Morgan Securities LLC,
Merrill L ynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., as representatives of the several
underwriters named therein (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated May 5, 2015, Exhibit 1.1).
10-48Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2015, among Atlantic City Electric Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto (File No. 001-03559, Form 8-K dated December 2, 2015, Exhibit 1.1).
10-49$300,000,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the
lenders party thereto, dated July 30, 2015 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated July 30, 2015, Exhibit 10).
10-50First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova
Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated October 29,
2015, Exhibit 10.2).
10-51$500,000,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among PHI, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, and the
lenders party thereto, dated January 13, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated January 14, 2016, Exhibit 10).
10-52Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc.,
Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the
lenders party thereto, W ells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent, issuer and swingline lender , Bank of
America, N.A., as syndication agent and issuer , The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Citicorp USA, Inc., as co-
documentation agents, W ells Fargo Securities, LLC and Merrill L ynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated, as
active joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and RBS Securities, Inc. as
passive joint lead arrangers and joint book runners (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2011, Exhibit
10.1).
10-52-1First Amendment, dated as of August 2, 2012, to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
August 1, 2011, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light
Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the various financial institutions party thereto, W ells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as agent, issuer of letters of credit and swingline lender , Bank of America, N.A., as syndication
agent and issuer of letters of credit, and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Citibank, N.A., as co-documentation
agents (File No. 001-31403, Form 10-K dated March 1, 2013, Exhibit 10.25.1).
10-52-2Amendment and Consent to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2014, by and
among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic
City Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 20, 2014, Exhibit 10.1).
415
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-52-3Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2015, by and among
Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City
Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and W ells
Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 1, 2015, Exhibit 10.1).
10-52-4Consent, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among Pepco Holdings, Inc., Potomac Electric Power Company ,
Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company , the various financial institutions from time to
time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and W ells Fargo Bank, National Association (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-
K dated October 29, 2015, Exhibit 10.1).
10-53Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated as of June 7, 2000, by and
between Pepco and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 13, 2000, Exhibit 10).
10-53-1Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated
September 18, 2000, by and between Potomac Electric Power Company and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-
01072, Form 8-K dated December 19, 2000, Exhibit 10.1).
10-53-2Amendment No. 2 to the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement for Generating Plants and Related Assets, dated
December 19, 2000, by and between Potomac Electric Power Company and Southern Energy , Inc. (File No. 001-
01072, Form 8-K dated December 19, 2000, Exhibit 10.2).
10-54First Amendment to Loan Agreement, by and between Pepco Holdings LLC and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
administrative agent and lender , dated March 28, 2016 (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated March 28, 2016,
Exhibit 10).
10-55Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Exelon Corporation, as Borrower , the
various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
(File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.1).
10-56Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Exelon Generation Company , LLC, as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.2).
10-57Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Commonwealth Edison Company , as
Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.3).
10-58Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among PECO Energy Company , as Borrower ,
the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent (File No. 000-16844, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.4).
10-59Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2011, among Baltimore Gas and Electric Company ,
as Borrower , the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (File No. 001-01910, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.5).
10-60Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011, among Pepco
Holdings LLC, Potomac Electric Power Company , Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric
Company , as Borrowers, the various financial institutions named therein, as Lenders, and W ells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as Administrative Agent (File No. 001-31403, Form 8-K dated May 27, 2016, Exhibit 99.6).
416
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
10-612016 Form of Exelon Corporation Change in Control Agreement (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated October 26,
2016, Exhibit 10.1).
10-62Execution V ersion-ZEC Standard Contract by and between the NYSERDA  and Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station, LLC
dated Nov . 18, 2016 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated November 18, 2016, Exhibit 10.1).
10-63Execution V ersion-ZEC Standard Contract by and between the NYSERDA  and R. E. Ginna Nuclear Power Plant,
LLC dated Nov . 18, 2016 (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated November 18, 2016, Exhibit 10.2).
10-64Credit Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2017, as thereafter amended and conformed among ExGen
Renewables IV , LLC, ExGen Renewables IV Holding, LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative
agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depository bank and collateral agent, and the lenders and other
agents party thereto. (Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted by redacting a portion of text, as indicated
by asterisks in the text. This exhibit has been filed separately with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-K dated February 9, 2018, Exhibit
10.94).
10-65Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2018 among Delmarva Power & Light Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto (File No. 001-01405, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018, Exhibit 1.1).
10-66Purchase Agreement, dated June 8, 2018, among Potomac Electric Power Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto (File No. 001-01072, Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018, Exhibit 1.1).
10-67Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Denis P . O’Brien (File No. 001-16169, Form
10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.3).
10-68Letter Agreement, dated May 7, 2018, between Exelon Corporation and Jonathan W . Thayer (File No. 001-16169,
Form 10-Q dated August 2, 2018, Exhibit 10.4).
10.69Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive Plan (Ef fective April 28, 2020) (File No. 001-16169, Proxy Statement
dated March 18, 2020, Appendix A).
10.70Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive Plan Prospectus, dated May 27, 2020 (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-
Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.3).
10.71Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement under the Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm
Incentive Plan (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.4).
10.72Form of Performance Share Award Notice and Agreement under the Exelon Corporation 2020 Long-T erm Incentive
Plan (File No. 001-16169, Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2020, Exhibit 10.5).
10.73Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2020, among Constellation NewEnergy , Inc. as servicer , and
NewEnergy Receivables LLC, as seller , MUFG Bank, L TD., as Agent, the Conduits party thereto, the Financial
Institutions party thereto and the Purchaser Agents party thereto (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated April 9, 2020,
Exhibit 10.1).
10.74 Letter Agreement, dated Jun 4, 2020, between Exelon Corporation and William A. Von Hoene, Jr .**
10.75Deferred Prosecution Agreement, dated July 17, 2020, between Commonwealth Edison Company and the U.S.
Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois (File No. 001-16169, Form 8-K dated
July 17, 2020, Exhibit 10.1).
10.76Credit Agreement, among ExGen Renewables IV , LLC, the lenders party thereto, Jef feries Finance LLC, as
administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depositary ban and collateral agent, dated
December 15, 2020 (File No. 333-85496, Form 8-K dated December 15, 2020, Exhibit 1.1).
417
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
14Exelon Code of Conduct, as amended March 12, 2012 (File No. 1-16169, Form 8-K dated March 14, 2012, Exhibit
No. 14-1).
Subsidiaries
21-1 Exelon Corporation
21-2 Exelon Generation Company , LLC
21-3 Commonwealth Edison Company
21-4 PECO Energy Company
21-5 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
21-6 Pepco Holdings LLC
21-7 Potomac Electric Power Company
21-8 Delmarva Power & Light Company
21-9 Atlantic City Electric Company
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accountants
23-1 Exelon Corporation
23-2 Exelon Generation Company , LLC
23-3 Commonwealth Edison Company
23-4 PECO Energy Company
23-5 Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
23-6 Potomac Electric Power Company
23-7 Delmarva Power & Light Company
23-8 Atlantic City Electric Company
Power of Attorney (Exelon Corporation)
24-1 Anthony K. Anderson
24-2 Ann C. Berzin
24-3 Laurie Brlas
24-4 Christopher M. Crane
24-5 Yves C. de Balmann
24-6 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-7 Linda P . Jojo
24-8 Paul Joskow
24-9 Robert J. Lawless
24-10 Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire
24-11 Reserved.
24-12 Mayo A. Shattuck III
24-13 Reserved.
418
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-14 John F . Young
24-15 John Richardson
Power of Attorney (Commonwealth Edison Company)
24-16 James W . Compton
24-17 Christopher M. Crane
24-18 A. Steven Crown
24-19 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-20 Joseph Dominguez
24-21 Peter V . Fazio, Jr .
24-22 Michael H. Moskow
24-23 Calvin G. Butler
24-24 Reserved.
Power of Attorney (PECO Energy Company)
24-25 Christopher M. Crane
24-26 Reserved.
24-27 Nicholas DeBenedictis
24-28 Nelson A. Diaz
24-29 John S. Grady
24-30 Rosemarie B. Greco
24-31 Michael A. Innocenzo
24-32 Charisse R. Lillie
24-33 Calvin G. Butler
Power of Attorney (Baltimore Gas and Electric Company)
24-34 Ann C. Berzin
24-35 Carim V . Khouzami
24-36 Christopher M. Crane
24-37 Michael E. Cryor
24-38 James R. Curtiss
24-39 Joseph Haskins, Jr .
24-40 Calvin G. Butler
24-41 Michael D. Sullivan
24-42 Maria Harris Tildon
Power of Attorney (Pepco Holdings LLC)
24-43 Christopher M. Crane
419
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
24-44 Linda W . Cropp
24-45 Michael E. Cryor
24-46 Ernest Dianastasis
24-47 Debra P . DiLorenzo
24-48 Calvin G. Butler
24-49 David M. V elazquez
Power of Attorney (Potomac Electric Power Company)
24-50 J. Tyler Anthony
24-51 Phillip S. Barnett
24-52 Christopher M. Crane
24-53 Melissa A. Lavinson
24-54 Kevin M. McGowan
24-55 Calvin G. Butler
24-56 David M. V elazquez
Power of Attorney (Delmarva Power & Light Company)
24-57 Calvin G. Butler
24-58 David M. V elazquez
Power of Attorney (Atlantic City Electric Company)
24-59 David M. V elazquez
Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
31-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
31-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
31-3 Filed by Christopher M. Crane  for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
31-4 Filed by Bryan P . Wright for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
31-5 Filed by Joseph Dominguez for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-6 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Commonwealth Edison Company
31-7 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
31-8 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
31-9 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-10 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
31-11 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Pepco Holdings LLC
31-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
420
Table of Contents
Exhibit No. Description
31-13 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
31-15 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
31-17 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Atlantic City Electric Company
31-18 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code as to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2020 filed by the following of ficers for the following registrants:
Exhibit No. Description
32-1 Filed by Christopher M. Crane for Exelon Corporation
32-2 Filed by Joseph Nigro for Exelon Corporation
32-3 Filed by Christopher M. Crane  for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
32-4 Filed by Bryan P . Wright for Exelon Generation Company , LLC
32-5 Filed by Joseph Dominguez for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-6 Filed by Jeanne M. Jones for Commonwealth Edison Company
32-7 Filed by Michael A. Innocenzo for PECO Energy Company
32-8 Filed by Robert J. Stefani for PECO Energy Company
32-9 Filed by Carim V . Khouzami for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-10 Filed by David M. V ahos for Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
32-11 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-12 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Pepco Holdings LLC
32-13 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-14 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Potomac Electric Power Company
32-15 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-16 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Delmarva Power & Light Company
32-17 Filed by David M. V elazquez for Atlantic City Electric Company
32-18 Filed by Phillip S. Barnett for Atlantic City Electric Company
101.INSInline XBRL  Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
XBRL  tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL  document.
101.SCH Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.
101.PRE Inline XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL  and contained in Exhibit 101)
421
Table of Contents
__________
* Compensatory plan or arrangements in which directors or officers of the applicable registrant participate and which are not available to all
employees.
** Filed herewith.
(a)These filings are not available electronically on the SEC website as they were filed in paper previous to the electronic system that is currently in
place.
422
Table of Contents
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
All Registrants
Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. The Registrants have
elected not to include such summary information.
423
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
 
EXELON CORPORA TION
By:  /s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE
Name:  Christopher M. Crane
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorChristopher M. Crane
/s/ JOSEPH NIGRO   Senior Executive V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Joseph Nigro
/s/ FABIAN E. SOUZA   Senior V ice President and Corporate Controller (Principal
Accounting Of ficer)Fabian E. Souza
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Gayle E. Littleton, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
 
Anthony K. Anderson
Ann C. Berzin
Laurie Brlas
Yves C. de Balmann
Nicholas DeBenedictis
Linda P . Jojo
  Paul L. Joskow
Robert J. Lawless
John M. Richardson
Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire
Mayo A. Shattuck III
John F . Young
 
By:   /s/ GA YLE E. LITTLET ON   February 24, 2021
Name:   Gayle E. Littleton    
424
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
EXELON GENERA TION COMP ANY, LLC
By:  /s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE
Name:  Christopher M. Crane
Title:  Principal Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CHRIST OPHER M. CRANE   Principal Executive Of ficer
Christopher M. Crane
/s/ BR YAN P . WRIGHT   Senior V ice President and Chief Financial Of ficer (Principal
Financial Of ficer)Bryan P . Wright
/s/ MA TTHEW N. BAUER   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Matthew N. Bauer
425
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
COMMONWEAL TH EDISON COMP ANY
By:  /s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ
Name:  Joseph Dominguez
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
Signature   Title
/s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorJoseph Dominguez
/s/ JEANNE M. JONES   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Jeanne M. Jones
/s/ STEVEN J. CICHOCKI   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Steven J. Cichocki
This annual report has also been signed below by Joseph Dominguez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin G. Butler
James W . Compton
Christopher M. Crane
A. Steven Crown
  Nicholas DeBenedictis
Peter V . Fazio, Jr .
Michael H. Moskow
By:   /s/ JOSEPH DOMINGUEZ   February 24, 2021
Name:   Joseph Dominguez    
426
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
PECO ENERGY  COMP ANY
By:  /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO
Name:  Michael A. Innocenzo
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
Signature   Title
/s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer)
and DirectorMichael A. Innocenzo
/s/ ROBER T J. STEF ANI   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Robert J. Stefani
/s/ CAROLINE FULGINITI   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Caroline Fulginiti
This annual report has also been signed below by Michael A. Innocenzo, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin G. Butler John S. Grady
Christopher M. Crane Rosemarie B. Greco
Nicholas DeBenedictis   Charisse R. Lillie
Nelson A. Diaz   
By:   /s/ MICHAEL  A. INNOCENZO   February 24, 2021
Name:   Michael A. Innocenzo   
427
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC COMP ANY
By:  /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI
Name:  Carim V . Khouzami
Title:  Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer) and
DirectorCarim V . Khouzami
/s/ DA VID M. V AHOS   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)David M. V ahos
/s/ JASON T. JONES   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Jason T. Jones
 
This annual report has also been signed below by Carim V. Khouzami, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Ann C. Berzin   James R. Curtiss
Calvin G. Butler Joseph Haskins, Jr .
Christopher M. Crane   Michael D. Sullivan
Michael E. Cryor Maria Harris T ildon
 
By:   /s/ CARIM V . KHOUZAMI   February 24, 2021
Name:   Carim V . Khouzami   
    
428
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
PEPCO HOLDINGS LLC
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and Director
David M. V elazquez
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin. G. Butler Michael E. Cryor
Christopher M. Crane   Ernest Dianastasis
Linda W . Cropp   Debra P . DiLorenzo
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 24, 2021
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
429
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMP ANY
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
J. Tyler Anthony   Christopher M. Crane
Phillip S. Barnett   Melissa A. Lavinson
Calvin G. Butler Kevin M. McGowan
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 24, 2021
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
430
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
DELMAR VA POWER & LIGHT  COMP ANY
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)
Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez, Attorney-in-Fact, on behalf of the following Directors on the
date indicated:
Calvin G. Butler    
 
By:   /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   February 24, 2021
Name:   David M. V elazquez   
431
Table of Contents
SIGNA TURES
 
Pursuant to the requirem ents of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on the
24th day of February , 2021.
ATLANTIC CITY  ELECTRIC COMP ANY
By:  /s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ
Name:  David M. V elazquez
Title:  President and Chief Executive Of ficer
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 24th day of February , 2021.
 
Signature   Title
/s/ DA VID M. VELAZQUEZ   President, Chief Executive Of ficer (Principal Executive Of ficer),
and DirectorDavid M. V elazquez
/s/ PHILLIP  S. BARNETT   Senior V ice President, Chief Financial Of ficer and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Of ficer)Phillip S. Barnett
/s/ JULIE E. GIESE   Director , Accounting (Principal Accounting Of ficer)
Julie E. Giese
 
432
